ANNUAL REPORT


2021
Table of
Contents
                                                            Page
                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION       2
                             CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT        4
                                     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS      6
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS        7
                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT      42
                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT    52
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT      76
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT    95
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME       101
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION    103
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY     105
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS      108
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    110
                                              DEFINITIONS 273
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                      GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors
                                                      Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chairman)
    Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                 Dr. Ning Zhao
     (Chief Executive Officer)                        Mr. William Robert Keller
    Dr. Weichang Zhou                                 Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
      (Chief Technology Officer)
                                                      AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Non-executive Directors
                                                      Dr. Zhisheng Chen
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)                              Ms. Sham Ying Man
    Dr. Ning Zhao
    Mr. Yibing Wu
                                                      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Yanling Cao
                                                      Mr. Huang Yue
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                      Ms. Sham Ying Man
    Mr. William Robert Keller
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                         REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
                                                      PO Box 309
                                                      Ugland House
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                      Grand Cayman KY1-1104
                                                      Cayman Islands
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (Chairman)
    Mr. William Robert Keller
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                   CORPORATE HEADQUARTER

                                                      No. 108, Meiliang Road
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Mashan
                                                      Wuxi
    Mr. William Robert Keller (Chairman)
                                                      China
    Dr. Ning Zhao
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                              IN HONG KONG

                                                      Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
                                                      183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. William Robert Keller
                                                      Hong Kong
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk

    STRATEGY COMMITTEE                                CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL
                                                      SHARE REGISTRAR AND
    Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chairman)                      TRANSFER OFFICE
    Dr. Ge Li
    Mr. Yibing Wu                                     Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
                                                      PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                                      Cricket Square
                                                      Grand Cayman KY1-1102
                                                      Cayman Islands

2   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                    Corporate Information



HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Service Limited
Level 54, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER

Fangda Partners
26/F One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

AUDITOR

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity
  Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE

2269

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.wuxibiologics.com




                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   3
    Chairman and CEO Statement



    Dear Shareholders,

    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of WuXi
    Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
    “Group”), we are pleased to present you the Group’s 2021 Annual Report.

    2021 was an extraordinary and exciting year for the Group. Not only did we
    maintain our high growth rate, but also led the industry, once again, through
    the implementation of our fully integrated Contract Research, Development and
    Manufacturing Organization (“CRDMO”) business model. It was also a banner year
    for the Group’s commercial manufacturing business, which laid a solid foundation
    for strong revenue growth in the near future.

    With unparalleled capabilities and capacity, the Group’s robust revenue growth
    continued in 2021, increasing 83.3% year-on-year, and its net profit increased
    107.3% year-on-year. The Group added 156 integrated projects to reach a total
    of 480, among which, 447 were non-COVID-related. The following are the key
    highlights of the Group’s outstanding execution of the “Follow and Win the
    Molecule” strategies:

    •    In response to the global health imperatives, the Group enabled more than
         20 COVID-19 projects and helped to file close to 30 INDs for its customers. In
         particular, with “WuXi Bio Speed”, the Group enabled one of its customers’
         COVID-19 neutralizing antibody to obtain U.S. FDA’s Emergency Use
         Authorization (“EUA”) approval within just 14 months. Three COVID-19
         neutralizing antibodies developed and manufactured by the Group had been
         approved by regulatory authorities and proved to be effective against the
         Omicron variant.

    •    The number of late-phase projects had grown to 32 and the Group added 7
         new Commercial Manufacturing (“CMO”) projects in 2021, bringing the total
         number of ongoing CMO projects to 9. Revenue generated from late-phase
         and commercial manufacturing in 2021 increased to RMB4,930.5 million,
         accounting for 47.9% of the total revenue, demonstrating the stickiness of
         biologics CRDMO and reaping the fruition of the Group’s long-term “Follow and
         Win the Molecule” strategies.

    •    Both of our two industry-leading subsidiaries, WuXi Vaccines and WuXi XDC,
         made significant progress in 2021. WuXi Vaccines has continued to strengthen
         its end-to-end vaccine platform and signed nine vaccine projects, including
         two mRNA vaccine programs. WuXi XDC, the integrated Antibody-drug
         Conjugate (“ADC”) platform, has secured 60 ADC integrated projects globally,
         including 2 Phase III projects. WuXi Vaccines and WuXi XDC are expected to
         become the Group’s next fast-growing platforms.

    •    The Group continued its global capacity expansion under its “Global Dual
         Sourcing” manufacturing paradigm. Through both new construction and global
         acquisitions, the total manufacturing capacity has increased from 54,000
         liters at the end of 2020 to 154,000 liters at the end of 2021. To meet growing
         demands, the Group will continue to increase its manufacturing capacity to
         262,000 liters by the end of 2022 and 430,000 liters after 2024.


4   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                     Chairman and CEO Statement



•   In 2021, the Group strived to enforce its ESG commitment by, among others,
    setting aggressive carbon emission targets, minimizing energy and water
    consumption through its advanced continuous manufacturing platform with
    single-use technology, and launching more Corporate Social Responsibility
    initiatives to benefit global employees, partners, patients and communities.
    The Group had earned broad recognitions from global ESG rating agencies and
    would press on towards a stronger ESG performance for the greater good of
    society.

As a leading biologics CRDMO platform, the Group has never stopped pushing the
frontier of its’ innovations and technology platform improvements. Backed by over
3,000 of our world-class scientists, the Group has innovated various proprietary
technology platforms throughout the life cycle of biologics discovery, development
and manufacturing, including the WuXiBody™ bispecific antibody platform,
SDArBodY™ multispecific antibody platform, WuXia™ cell line development platform,
WuXiUP™ continuous manufacturing platform and mRNA vaccine platform, etc.
These proprietary technology platforms are the cornerstones of the Group’s
CRDMO business model, and they also foster faster and more cost-effective
achievements of project milestones, support revenue streams through milestone
payments and royalties, and bring more biologics projects into our pipeline.

At WuXi Biologics, our mission is to empower any one and any company to
discover, develop and manufacture biologics from concept to commercial
manufacturing in a cost-effective and time-sensitive manner. We continued to
enlarge and diversify our customer base throughout the year. In 2021, the Group
provided services to all top 20 global pharmaceutical companies. In addition, our
overall customer base grew substantially and we now support over 470 customers
worldwide, once again demonstrating our clients’ and partners’ trust in the Group’s
core competencies. Our open-source, end-to-end CRDMO platform, combined with
our “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies, have been the key drivers for our
success, and will continue to provide value to our customers and partners, and
contribute sustainable revenue growth in the future.

On behalf of the Board and management team, we would like to express our
gratitude to our shareholders and clients, for your support throughout the
years. We must also thank our 10,000 dedicated employees worldwide, who are
instrumental to everything we have achieved. Looking forward to the remainder
of 2022, although the placement of two of our subsidiaries onto the Unverified
List (“UVL”) has had no material impact to our operations and ongoing services to
our global clients, we are confident that the two subsidiaries will be removed from
the UVL. We will continue to follow our motto “do the right thing and do it right”;
continue with our mission to become the most comprehensive technology platform
in the global biologics industry; create greater value for our shareholders; and
provide better services to our global customers for the benefits of patients!




Dr. Ge Li                                Dr. Zhisheng Chen
Chairman                                 CEO
March 22, 2022                           March 22, 2022


                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   5
    Financial Highlights



                                                      For the year ended December 31,
                                            2017          2018         2019        2020         2021
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

    Operating results
    Revenue                              1,618,829    2,534,453    3,983,687    5,612,384 10,290,050
    Gross profit                          660,557      1,017,755   1,658,829    2,532,966 4,828,897
    Profit before tax                     303,687       737,722     1,126,633   1,965,760 3,993,119
    Net profit                            252,628       630,465     1,010,337   1,692,694 3,508,581
    Profit attributable to owners of
       the Company                        252,628      630,592      1,013,805   1,688,886   3,388,478
    Adjusted net profit(1)                432,872      751,557      1,201,449   1,715,838   3,435,908
    Adjusted net profit attributable
      to owners of the Company            432,872       751,684     1,204,917   1,721,990   3,316,388

    Profitability
    Gross margin (%)                        40.8%        40.2%         41.6%       45.1%       46.9%
    Net profit margin (%)                   15.6%        24.9%         25.4%       30.2%       34.1%
    Margin of adjusted net
      profit (%)                            26.7%        29.7%         30.2%       30.6%       33.4%
    Margin of net profit attributable
      to owners of the Company
      (%)                                    15.6%       24.9%         25.4%       30.1%       32.9%

                                                             As at December 31,
                                            2017          2018         2019        2020         2021
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

    Financial position
    Total assets                        4,848,962     9,393,150    17,602,269 28,963,613 44,032,623
    Total liabilities                     824,602     1,398,922     4,706,169  8,064,217 11,326,457
    Total equity                        4,024,360     7,994,228    12,896,100 20,899,396 32,706,166
    Equity attributable to owners of
       the Company                      4,024,360     7,993,755    12,784,363 20,564,445 32,278,593
    Bank balances and cash                503,881     4,084,395     6,205,496 7,095,735 9,003,280

    (1)   Details are set out in “Non-IFRS Measures” on pages from 38 to 40.




6   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS REVIEW

CRDMO Platform — Overall Performance

After a decade’s investing in cutting-edge technology platforms and state-of-the-
art infrastructure, the Group has established itself as a leading fully-integrated
biologics Contract Research, Development and Manufacturing Organization
(“CRDMO”), which combines Contract Research Organization (“CRO”) and Contract
Development and Manufacturing Organization (“CDMO”) business models to
provide one-stop end-to-end biologics services. The Group’s CRDMO platform
enables its clients and partners from as early as discovery and pre-clinical stages
by establishing a stronger position in terms of program design and ultimately
advancing promising programs into late stages and commercial manufacturing.

The Group’s CRDMO platform is an ideal demonstration of its “Follow and Win the
Molecule” strategies. During the Reporting Period, the Group offered its single-
source CRDMO platform to enable its clients and partners to discover, develop and
manufacture biologics from concept to commercial manufacturing and delivered
outstanding results again, as outlined below:

•   The total number of integrated projects increased by 43.7% from 334 as at the
    same time last year to 480 as at December 31, 2021, including 447 non-COVID
    integrated projects, demonstrating the Group’s strong business growth even
    without COVID-19 projects.

•   The total number of pre-clinical projects increased by 58.6% from 169 as at the
    same time last year to 268 as at December 31, 2021.

•   The total number of early-phase (phases I & II) projects increased by 26.7%
    from 135 as at the same time last year to 171 (119 in phase I and 52 in phase II)
    as at December 31, 2021.

•   The number of late-phase (phase III) projects increased by 14.3% from 28 as
    at the same time last year to 32 as at December 31, 2021, laying down a solid
    basis for launching more commercial manufacturing projects.

•   The Group added seven commercial manufacturing projects during the
    Reporting Period.

•   The Group also achieved great success in progressing projects from pre-IND
    stage to post-IND stage: 27 projects progressed from pre-clinical development
    stage to early-phase stage during the Reporting Period.

•   The Group’s effective execution of the “Win-the-Molecule” strategy further
    brought 18 external projects into the pipeline from other global CDMOs.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    The following table sets forth the status of the on-going integrated projects of the
    Group as of December 31, 2021:

                                                  Number of
                                                    On-going
    Biologics Development Process                 Integrated       Typical           Typical
    Stage                                          Projects (1)   Duration         Revenue (2)

    Pre-IND
    — Drug discovery                                       —        2 years    US$1.5–2.5 mm
    — Pre-clinical development                            268     1–2 years      US$5–8 mm

    Post-IND
    — Early-phase (phases I & II) clinical
         development                                       171      3 years       US$4–6 mm
      — Phase I clinical development                       119
      — Phase II clinical development                       52
    — Late-phase (phase III) clinical
         development                                        32    3–5 years     US$20–50 mm
    — Commercial manufacturing                               9     Annually   US$50–100 mm (3)

    Total                                                 480

    Notes:

    (1)   Integrated projects are projects that require the Group to provide services across
          different divisions/departments within the Group and across various stages of the
          biologics development process.

    (2)   Milestone fees can be paid at different research and development (“R&D”) stages,
          while royalty fees will be charged for 5–10 years or until the patent expires once the
          new drug launches in the market.

    (3)   Estimated value when biologic drug reaches its peak sales. A biologic drug typically
          reaches its peak sales after a ramp-up period.




8   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 83.3%
year-on-year to RMB10,290.1 million, together with a 107.3% year-on-year growth
in net profit to RMB3,508.6 million. The Group’s total backlog, including the
service backlog and upcoming potential milestone fees backlog, also increased
by 20.1% from US$11,324 million as of December 31, 2020 to US$13,597 million
as of December 31, 2021, of which service backlog increased by 19.9% from
US$6,629 million to US$7,946 million and upcoming potential milestone fees
backlog increased 20.4% from US$4,695 million to US$5,651 million. The Group’s
total backlog within three years also increased by 98.2% from US$1,458 million as
of December 31, 2020 to US$2,890 million as of December 31, 2021. The service
backlog represents the revenue amount the Group has contracted but has yet to
perform. The total upcoming potential milestone fees backlog represents the total
amount for upcoming milestone fees, which the Group has contracted but has not
yet performed nor received. This milestone revenue may take longer to receive at
the various development stages as it depends on the success rate and progress of
the projects which may not be within the Group’s control.

During the Reporting Period, the Group further diversified its customer base by
working with all top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world and 42 out of
the 50 largest pharmaceutical companies in China. The Group provided services
to over 470 clients for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared with 369
clients last year. The Group believes that investing to further support existing and
future clients, in areas such as extending capabilities and increasing capacity,
will enhance its value chain, thus allowing the Group to continue to capture
opportunities in this growing market.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Ongoing Contributions to Combat the COVID-19 Pandemic

     Relying on its one-stop end-to-end biologics CRDMO platform, the Group mobilized
     at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic to enable our clients and partners to
     develop innovative vaccines and therapies for COVID-19 in record time.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group enabled more than 20 COVID-19 related
     vaccine and therapy projects globally with nearly 30 INDs approved, including
     three commercial manufacturing monoclonal antibodies (“mAbs”) projects. In
     response to the global health imperative, the Group substantially reduced its
     timeline for mAb projects. In particular, the Group has enabled three COVID-19
     neutralizing antibodies approved by the authorities, including one having achieved
     U.S. FDA Emergency Use Authorization (“EUA”) approval in a record-breaking 14
     months. The Group also supplied hundreds of millions of doses of COVID-19 viral
     vaccine drug substance (“DS”) and drug product (“DP”) to global pharmaceutical
     companies, and also undertook other protein and messenger RNA (“mRNA”)
     COVID-19 vaccines projects.

     The Group looks forward to continuing to support the biologics industry by applying
     its industry-leading capabilities and capacity to overcome the COVID-19 pandemic.

     Strategic Highlights

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to increase its full stack offerings
     to meet the growing biologics demand worldwide, while setting itself apart as a
     leader in the industry, as exhibited by the following achievements:

     •    The Group has been named a winner of the 2021 “CMO Leadership Awards”
          for the fourth year in a row. The Group is proud to receive this distinction in all
          six award categories — capabilities, compatibility, expertise, quality, reliability,
          and service — across the three respondent groups — Big Pharma, Small
          Pharma, and Overall (combined Big and Small Pharma). It is a great testimony
          to the efforts made by each of the Group’s employees around the globe and to
          the satisfaction of our clients and partners.

     •    The Company completed its primary placing by placing 118,000,000 shares
          with approximately HK$13,121.24 million net proceeds, laying a solid foundation
          for the Group’s further global expansion and technology innovation.

     •    The Group extended its global footprint and expanded its manufacturing
          capacity through a series of acquisitions, including DS facility purchased from
          Bayer Aktiengesellschaft (“Bayer”) in Germany; DS and DP facilities in China
          from Pfizer; and the acquisition of CMAB Biopharma Limited (“CMAB”), a full-
          service CDMO company in China.




10   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



•   The Group established a joint venture company, WuXi XDC Cayman Inc.
    (“WuXi XDC”), with Shanghai SynTheAll Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“WuXi
    STA”), a subsidiary of WuXi AppTec. WuXi XDC engages in the CRDMO of
    Antibody-drug Conjugate (“ADC”) and other bioconjugates. The Group and
    WuXi STA intend to make capital contributions of US$120 million and US$80
    million, respectively, to WuXi XDC.

•   During the Reporting Period, the Group has provided services to all top 20
    global pharmaceutical companies, which manifests the clients’ and partners’
    trust in the Group’s core competencies of leading technology platform, best-in-
    industry timeline and excellent execution track record.

•   In 2021 — the banner year for the Group’s commercial manufacturing — the
    Group accomplished multiple manufacturing milestones, including, but not
    limited to, adding seven new commercial manufacturing projects, obtaining
    various manufacturing licenses from regulatory agencies worldwide and
    launching GMP production in new manufacturing facilities, all of which lay the
    foundation for significant manufacturing revenue growth. Please refer to the
    section headed “Manufacturing” for additional information.

CRDMO Platform — Discovery and Development Capabilities and Capacity

Discovery Research and Development (“R&D”)

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s biologics discovery R&D team, which has
more than 390 scientists, many of whom have multiple years of biologics discovery
experience at multinational pharmaceutical companies, continuously focused on:

•   enhancing innovative biologics generation capabilities and optimizing several
    existing technological platforms, including traditional hybridoma technology,
    premium humanization and various antibody optimization platforms (including
    pH sensitivity engineering and disease microenvironment modulating
    engineering), phage display technology, yeast display technology, OMT fully
    human antibody discovery platform, bispecifics, multispecifics, nanobodies,
    modified cytokines, fusion proteins, and antibody fragments to expedite the
    discovery of novel therapeutic biologics; enabling rapid discovery of antibody
    leads with in-house developed state-of-the-art single B cell cloning technology,
    fully synthetic IgG Fab phage and yeast display libraries; and applying AI
    technology to assist antibody lead identification and optimization;




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    supporting the Group’s global partners in using the proprietary bispecific
          and multispecific antibody platforms, including WuXiBody™ and SDArBodY™,
          enabling them to considerably accelerate the development process of new
          bispecific and multi-functional biologics;

     •    building strong capabilities in selecting new targets such as tumor associated
          antigens (“TAA”) using patient-centric big data driven omics approach, and
          making antibodies for TAAs to enable discovery of quality ADC and immune
          cell engagers;

     •    enhancing the Group’s in vitro and in vivo biology capabilities and capacity
          to further enhance our one-stop service offering and to enable the screening,
          identification and characterization of desired biologics as drug development
          candidates;

     •    continuously identifying and prioritizing new areas of biologic innovation and
          developing proprietary technologies to enable the Group’s clients to discover
          and develop highly differentiated novel biologic drugs, such as conditionally
          activated biologics;

     •    continuously enhancing R&D capabilities in the design and discovery of
          best-in-class and first-in-class preclinical candidates (“PCC”) driven by deep
          understanding of disease biology and target biology and mastery of state-of-
          the-art biologics engineering technologies;

     •    further expanding our service from PCC to pre-clinical development for IND-
          enabling by providing integrated rapid pre-clinical development services to
          multiple clients’ SARS-CoV-2 neutralization antibody projects; and

     •    refining systems and structuring teams for more efficient business operations
          and optimized cost control to ensure the provision of quality and efficient
          technical solutions for clients.

     Technology Platforms

     The Group strives to advance and innovate its technologies to optimize the
     spectrum of services offered to the global biologics industry. These proprietary
     technology platforms are the cornerstones of the Group’s CRDMO business model,
     and they also foster project milestones, support revenue streams and bring more
     biologics projects to the pipeline.




12   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Antibody-drug Conjugates

Antibody-drug Conjugates is a new class of highly potent biologics composed of
an antibody linked, via a chemical linker, to a biologically active drug or cytotoxic
compound. Compared to traditional chemotherapies and mAbs, ADCs show
superior efficacy, lower off-target toxicity and a larger therapeutic window. The
industry is optimistic that ADC will shape future treatment paradigms as evidenced
by eight ADCs having been approved by the U.S. FDA since 2019, more than ever
before approved.




As a global industry-leading biologics CRDMO, the Group has gained extensive
experience in working with different antibodies and other biological molecules,
linkers, payload chemistries, and combinations, which uniquely qualifies the
Group to provide development strategies to cater to its partners’ needs of ADC
development and manufacturing. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group
had secured 60 ADC integrated projects globally, 22 of which had reached IND
stages to phase II/III stages.

The Group’s new ADC facility, Drug Product Facility 3 (“DP3”), encompasses
nearly 6,000 square meters and provides integrated solutions such as process
development, technology transfer, and pilot scale to large-scale cGMP production
for ADCs and other complex protein conjugates. This state-of-the-art facility, which
strictly complies with global quality standards, houses an advanced, fully-isolated
automatic aseptic filling system, which can produce 2/6/10/20/50ml liquid and
lyophilized products and provides the flexibility to meet production requirements
of global clinical trials and product launches. Since its GMP production release
in 2019, DP3 has produced more than 120 GMP DS and DP batches. The Group
also completed a capacity expansion project at DP3, increasing its lyophilization
capacity by five times to meet the needs of multiple late-stage ADC development
and manufacturing projects.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Furthermore, with the establishment of WuXi XDC, the Group will have the most
     comprehensive set of in-house capabilities to handle all stages of ADC drug
     development. The Group now also has manufacturing of antibody and payload
     linkers in facilities conveniently located within a short distance, enabling global
     ADC innovators to move their assets forward in a high quality, cost-effective and
     timely manner.

     Bispecific and Multispecific Antibodies

     With more than 100 different bispecific formats currently available, approximately
     160 bispecific antibodies in clinical trials and 460 bispecific antibodies in pre-
     clinical development, many believe that multispecific drugs, particularly bispecific
     and multispecific antibodies, are leading the way in the field of antibody-
     based therapeutics. Nevertheless, the complexity of bispecific and multispecific
     antibody formats presents challenges associated with biology complexity, protein
     engineering, product stability, and manufacturing.

     As a global premier CRDMO, based on its first-hand experience in antibody
     discovery and development and its world-class scientist team, the Group has
     developed more than 10 different formats and published more than 30 relevant
     papers. The Group developed and launched the innovative WuXiBody™ bispecific
     antibody platform allowing valency flexibility to meet various biology needs and
     permits the easy joining of almost any mAb pair to build a bispecific antibody.
     Together with many other benefits it offers, including high-yield, high solubility,
     stability in serum, and increased in vivo half-life, WuXiBody™ has been widely
     recognized in the industry since its market launch. Relevant projects based
     on WuXiBody™ platform have delivered strong growth for and will continue
     contributing to the Group’s businesses. Currently two WuXiBody™ bispecific
     molecules are in early clinical development.

     Derived from its leading technical capabilities and deep understanding of disease
     and target biology, the Group further developed SDArBodY™ (Single-Domain
     Antibody-related Multispecific Antibody) platform, which enables its clients and
     partners that are focusing on multispecific and multi-functional therapeutic
     modalities.




14   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
     Management Discussion and Analysis



Vaccines Platform

The pandemic has put a spotlight on vaccines — one of the most powerful and
cost-effective ways to promote public health. In addition to COVID-19, the need for
novel vaccines is anticipated to boost the growth of the vaccine market. Through
WuXi Vaccines and its industry-leading capabilities and capacity, the Group has
grown its vaccine business since 2018 and now offers end-to-end vaccine CRDMO
services for its clients and partners, including vaccine discovery and development,
scale-up commercial manufacturing, and global distribution. The Group’s robust
global network enables its clients to start vaccine projects within four weeks and
then distribute vaccines from the Group’s facilities to the clients’ desired sites
anywhere around the world. The Group’s mRNA vaccines technology platform is
enabling its clients by offering both DS and DP services to two on-going projects.




As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has signed nine vaccine contracts,
including a partnership manufacturing agreement with one of the global vaccine
leaders for an initial term of 20 years and a total contract value over US$3 billion.
The Group also has enabled clients to combat the pandemic with three different
modalities of COVID-19 vaccines.

The Group’s state-of-the-art vaccines facility in Ireland is also contributing to these
efforts, with its modular lab in operation and generating revenues. The facility won
the title of “Large Pharma Project of the Year” at Ireland’s 2020 Pharma Industry
Awards. The main facility achieved “weather-tight” status in early 2021 and is in
mechanical, electrical and plumbing engineering (“MEP”) stage.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Other Proprietary Technology Platforms

     In addition to the industry-leading technology platforms listed previously, the
     Group’s CRDMO platform also offers various additional cutting-edge technologies
     for biologics discovery, development and manufacturing.

     WuXia™, the Group’s proprietary Chinese Hamster Ovary (“CHO”) cell line
     development platform, enables 150 integrated projects per year, one of the
     largest capacities in the world. The WuXia™ platform utilizes our proprietary
     codon optimization program which is developed based on the codon and codon-
     pair usage frequencies of our own host cell lines. Coupled with proprietary
     expression vector system, top 3 clones with high expression levels can be obtained
     and utilized for process development and cell banking within only 9–10 weeks.
     Combined with the Group’s EU EMA, China NMPA and Japan PMDA certified cGMP
     cell banking and cell line characterization services, the WuXia™ platform is ideal
     for the production of a variety of therapeutic proteins including mAbs, bispecific
     antibodies, fusion proteins and recombinant proteins.




     WuXiUP™, the Group’s proprietary continuous manufacturing platform, utilizes
     1,000–2,000L disposable bioreactors to achieve comparable productivity as a
     traditional 10,000–20,000L stainless steel bioreactor while still providing similar
     or even better purification yield. The WuXiUP™ platform accelerates biologics
     development and manufacturing, and significantly reduces manufacturing costs
     of biologics. Coupled with continuous product capture column chromatography,
     the WuXiUP™ platform enables continuous direct product capture with a similar or
     better purification yield as traditional purification processes for almost any kind of
     biologics, including mAbs, bispecific antibodies, fusion proteins and recombinant
     proteins such as enzymes. WuXiUP™ has been implemented in more than 40
     projects; among them more than 10 projects accomplished process scale-up, clinical
     manufacturing and commercial manufacturing and two projects received Biologics
     License Application (“BLA”) approval during the Reporting Period.

     CRDMO Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacity

     Manufacturing

     2021 was the banner year for the Group’s commercial manufacturing, boosted
     by many new commercial manufacturing projects, manufacturing licenses
     obtained from regulatory agencies worldwide and GMP production launched in
     new manufacturing facilities. During the Reporting Period, most of the Group’s
     manufacturing capacity was fully and efficiently utilized, with a considerable
     number of COVID-19-related and non-COVID biologics projects reaching a record
     high.


16   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s operational DS manufacturing
capacity has reached around 154,000L, mainly including:


    Facility                                   Highlights

 MFG1           •    The first biologics manufacturing facility in China approved
                     by both the U.S. FDA and the EU EMA
                •    Successfully completed pre-license inspection (“PLI”)
                     batches for China NMPA and U.S. FDA inspection and also
                     the post process performance qualification projects during
                     the Reporting Period

 MFG2           •    14 2,000L-capacity and two 1,000L-capacity disposable
                     bioreactors offer a highly flexible manufacturing strategy
                     and competitive cost structure
                •    Received GMP accreditation from various regulatory
                     agencies, including but not limited to China NMPA, U.S. FDA,
                     Japan PMDA and Italy AIFA

 MFG3           •    With a 7,000L bioreactor capacity at MFG3, Shanghai site
                     now offers complete one-stop biologics development and
                     manufacturing services in one central location
                •    Enable the Group’s clients to reach their clinical
                     manufacturing goals within the shortest time possible

 MFG4           •    Successfully completed the first 4,000L DS GMP production
                     in 2020, which was a significant breakthrough in the
                     biologics industry for the first time using the 4,000L single-
                     use bioreactor in Asia
                •    Successful DS production of COVID-19 vaccine in full
                     capacity and completed PLI batches for Ireland Health
                     Products Regulatory Authority during the Reporting Period

 MFG5           •    World’s largest single-use bioreactor-based cGMP biologics
                     facility
                •    B o t h i t s n i n e 4,000L l i n e s a n d i t s 12 2,000L l i n e s
                     successfully launched GMP operation during the Reporting
                     Period




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



          Facility                                     Highlights

      MFG13 and            •    The Group’s microbial and viral platform (“MVP”) business
       MFG14                    unit, established in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, China
                                in November 2020, offering one-stop end-to-end services
                                from sequence to GMP manufacturing and quality control
                                for viral (MFG13 with 2,000L capacity) and microbial (MFG14
                                with 2,300L capacity) based products
                           •    Currently working on nearly 20 projects for various
                                modalities spanning recombinant protein, virus like particle,
                                enzyme, viral vaccine, mRNA, plasmid DNA, etc.

      MFG20                •    Acquired from Pfizer China in Hangzhou with designed
                                8,000L capacity
                           •    GMP released during the Reporting Period

      MFG21                •    GMP-certificated facility in Suzhou with designed 7,000L
                                capacity acquired during the Reporting Period
                           •    Apply single-use technology with four upstream production
                                lines with flexible capacities and two downstream
                                purification lines




18   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Period, the Group’s operational DP facilities also achieved
their manufacturing goals:

•   Drug Product Facility 1 (“DP1”), the Group’s first dual approval DP facility from
    both the U.S. FDA and the EU EMA, successfully completed PLI batches for
    China NMPA during the Reporting Period.

•   The 12,000 square-meter Drug Product Facility 2 (“DP2”), featuring a state-
    of-the-art isolator filling line for the continuous high-speed production of
    wide size range, was GMP released during the Reporting Period. DP2 applies
    innovative technologies such as single-use and automation and will increase
    up to 60 million vials for commercial DP per year.

•   Drug Product Facility 4 (“DP4”) is the first robotic aseptic filling line for
    biologics in China. DP4 achieved a significant milestone during the Reporting
    Period by completing its PLI batches for China NMPA and U.S. FDA.

•   The Group’s DP facility in Germany acquired from Bayer, Drug Product Facility
    7 (“DP7”), received a License of Manufacturing Permit from German health
    authorities during the Reporting Period. It has also received from EU EMA
    COVID product manufacturing approval. By the end of the Reporting Period, it
    has successfully filled more than 10 million doses for commercial lots.

•   The Group’s Drug Product Facility 9 (“DP9”) acquired from Pfizer China and
    Drug Product Facility 11 (“DP11”) of CMAB contributed to the Group’s DP
    manufacturing shortly after acquisition. In particular, DP11 contains a fully
    automatic Bosch line for both liquid and lyophilization products. During the
    Reporting Period, DP11 completed more than 24 hours’ long media fill in open
    restricted access barrier system (“oRABS”) and increased its production
    capability by 300%.

•   In addition, a new Drug Product Packaging Center (“DPPC”) which includes the
    Group’s first fully automated vial packaging line, was also GMP released during
    the Reporting Period. Leveraging new technologies, including anti-forgery drug
    tracking as well as automatic intelligent labeling and packaging, DPPC will not
    only provide customized end-to-end manufacturing services for clients, but
    also accelerate the process of high-volume clinical and commercial projects.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Biosafety Testing

     The Group’s biosafety testing facility in Suzhou significantly shortens the
     turnaround times for all biosafety tests and viral clearance validation studies
     conducted for the Group’s clients. During the Reporting Period, the biosafety
     Suzhou site received another EU EMA GMP certificate following the first one
     received in 2020, which further validated the Group’s commitment to delivering
     high-quality services to its global clients and partners.

     Along with other business units, the biosafety Suzhou site actively builds up its
     biosafety testing capabilities by developing tests and methods for various biologics
     products including gene therapy products, as well as expanding its cell bank
     characterization test panels to include other species (such as the HEK293 cell line)
     commonly used in the production of biologics and vaccines.

     During the Reporting Period, a new laboratory building in the biosafety Suzhou site
     came into full operation, increasing the site’s testing capacity and building a strong
     foundation for the Group to provide high-quality, high-speed biosafety testing
     services to more clients and partners. With the ascent of the biologics testing
     business, another new testing center has been strategically selected and is under
     construction for further capacity increasing.

     Quality

     The Quality Department, which includes quality assurance, quality control, global
     quality compliance, regulatory affairs and training center functions, is committed
     to the highest standard of regulatory compliance while providing high-quality
     services and products that meet client needs.

     With its world-class quality system, the Group has completed 22 regulatory
     inspections conducted by U.S. FDA, EU EMA, China NMPA and other national
     regulatory agencies since 2017, including 16 inspections during the Reporting
     Period, which distinguishes the Group as the first and only biologics company
     certified by these regulatory agencies for commercial manufacturing in China. The
     Group believes that these certificates will help manifest the Group’s world-class
     quality system that meets global quality standards and thereby benefits patients
     globally with biologics of better quality.




20   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Capacity Expansion

The growth of COVID-19 related projects, increase in late-phase non-COVID
projects, and the burgeoning biologics market are further stimulating demand for
the Group’s manufacturing capacity, particularly under the Group’s “Global Dual
Sourcing” manufacturing paradigm. In response, through both new construction
and global acquisitions, the total planned manufacturing capacity of the Group has
reached 430,000L as at the end of the Reporting Period.


    Facility        Designed Capacity               Location              Comments

MFG6             6,000L perfusion             Dundalk, Ireland        Commercial

MFG7             48,000L fed-batch            Dundalk, Ireland        Commercial

MFG8             48,000L fed-batch            Shijiazhuang            Commercial

MFG9             96,000L fed-batch            Wuxi                    Commercial

MFG10            4,500L fed-batch/            Singapore               Clinical/
                 perfusion                                            Commercial

MFG11            16,000L fed-batch            Worcester, MA           Clinical/
                                                                      Commercial

MFG12            48,000L fed-batch            Chengdu                 Clinical/
                                                                      Commercial

MFG17            10,000L fed-batch            Shanghai                Clinical

MFG18            6,000L fed-batch             Cranbury, NJ            Clinical

MFG19            15,000L fed-batch/           Wuppertal,              Commercial
                 perfusion                    Germany

During the Reporting Period, the Group made achievements to extend its global
footprint despite continued challenges posed by the pandemic. Highlights included:

•   The Group’s Dundalk, Ireland site (MFG6 and MFG7), its first European site,
    has seen significant progress during the Reporting Period, reaching mechanical
    completion in 2021 and in commissioning, qualification and validation (“CQV”).
    The site is progressing well to be GMP-released in 2022. Once completed, this
    “Factory of the Future” will be one of the world’s largest facilities using single-
    use bioreactors alongside next generation continuous manufacturing process
    technology.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     •    To meet the increasing demand from the U.S. market, the Group has taken
          determined steps to establish and grow its capacity there:

          •     During the Reporting Period, the design of the Group’s Manufacturing
                Facility 11 (“MFG11”) in Worcester, Massachusetts, a new 200,000 square-
                foot biologics development and manufacturing facility, was nearly
                completed. Facility construction is expected to commence soon.

          •     The Group’s Manufacturing Facility 18 (“MFG18”) in Cranbury, New Jersey,
                is its first manufacturing facility to be operational in the U.S., offering
                150,000 square-foot cGMP clinical manufacturing space with full process
                development capability and clinical DS and DP cGMP manufacturing
                capability. Process development labs were opened for operation in April
                2021 and DS GMP operation is expected to be released in 2022.

     •    The Group’s new site in the Fengxian district of Shanghai, a comprehensive
          one-stop center for biologics discovery, development, and clinical and
          commercial manufacturing, has been operational since early 2021 with a six-
          story building that houses laboratories and facilities for biologics discovery
          and development. Phase II construction — consisting of four buildings totaling
          around 60,000 square meters — is progressing smoothly. Altogether, the total
          area of this new state-of-the-art biologics center, including the future Phase III
          facilities, will be 150,000 square meters.

     •    The Group’s Manufacturing Facility 8 (“MFG8”) broke ground in 2018 at
          Shijiazhuang, the capital city of Hebei Province in Northern China. With
          a planned capacity of 48,000L, MFG8 is designed to meet the rigorous
          international cGMP standards of the U.S., EU and China. During the Reporting
          Period, MFG8’s MEP has reached 95% completion.




22   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
      Management Discussion and Analysis



•     The Group also acquired more state-of-the-art facilities worldwide to quickly
      grow its capacity for serving more clients and partners, including MFG19 and
      DP7 in Germany from Bayer, MFG20, DP9 and DP10 in Hangzhou China from
      Pfizer, and MFG21 and DP11 of CMAB in Suzhou, China. Please refer to the
      section headed “Manufacturing” for additional information.




Sales and Marketing

The global pandemic continued to dramatically influence the way the Group
interacted with its clients and partners during the Reporting Period, especially
in North America and Europe as interactions between large groups continued
to mostly take place as virtual events. The Group employed more digital and
web-based methods to communicate to the market and with its client-base. For
example, the Group was still able to participate in events like the JP Morgan
Healthcare Conference, BIO 2021, BioEurope and multiple events throughout China
using web-based and digital communication platforms. Not letting the lack of face-
to-face meetings impact our outreach endeavors, the Group increased its efforts
to contact executives and other key industry leaders from biopharma and pharma
companies worldwide to keep communication channels open and flowing.

During the Reporting Period, the Group used multiple digital marketing and
promotional strategies that included advertisements, company press releases,
social media, webinars, podcasts and email marketing to promote its various
technologies and platforms. These marketing channels focused on promoting
the Group’s record-breaking DNA to IND timelines, including highlighting the
extraordinary efforts made to enable our partners to deliver novel biologics
in record-breaking timeframe throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. Another
p r o m o t i o n a l c a m p a i g n c e n t e r e d o n t h e G r o u p’s “G l o b a l D u a l S o u r c i n g”
manufacturing strategy, which supports the Group’s global facility and capacity
expansion initiatives. Additional specific promotions were undertaken to raise
awareness within the scientific community about the Group’s novel technology
platforms, including the exciting WuXiBody™ bispecific antibody platform,
proprietary WuXia™ cell line development system, novel formulation and fill
capabilities, the WuXiUP™ continuous manufacturing platform and in particular, the
Group’s single-source ADC/bioconjugates one-stop service.




                                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Strategic Collaborations with Global Partners

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continuously endeavored to establish
     strategic partnerships and introduce more biologics projects into the pipeline under
     its “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies, despite the business communication
     constraints imposed by the pandemic.

     •    Signed Memorandum of Understanding with ImmuneOncia Therapeutics,
          Inc. (“ImmuneOncia”), a clinical-stage, immuno-oncology company in South
          Korea, for the development and manufacturing of IOH-001, ImmuneOncia’s
          therapeutic bispecific antibody targeting PD-L1 and CD47.

     •    Signed Memorandum of Understanding with LegoChem Biosciences, Inc., a
          clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focusing on the development of
          next-generation novel therapeutics (stock code: 141080KS), in development
          and manufacturing of innovative ADCs based on WuXi XDC’s integrated
          services.

     •    Exclusive partnership with OncoC4, Inc. (“OncoC4”), a privately-held clinical-
          stage biopharma company, for OncoC4’s full pipeline of biologics. Under
          the partnership, the Group will provide biologics development and cGMP
          manufacturing services for OncoC4’s products from early R&D and pre-clinical
          activities to post-commercialization.

     •    Long-term strategic collaboration with Worg Pharma (“Worg”), a clinical
          stage biopharmaceutical company in Hangzhou, China, by which the Group,
          leveraging its well-established microbial and viral platforms, will provide
          technical support and services for the process development, manufacturing
          and global IND for multiple biologics, further enabling Worg to advance the
          new-generation Allergen-Specific Immunotherapy (ASIT).

     •    Exclusive license agreement with Exelixis, Inc. (“Exelixis”) (Nasdaq: EXEL), a
          commercially successful, oncology-focused biotech company, to support the
          continued expansion of Exelixis’ oncology biologics pipeline by the Group’s
          integrated technology platforms.

     Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)

     The Group regards ESG as an essential component of business strategy to drive
     its long term success. During the Reporting Period, as a leading ESG company, the
     Group strives to enforce its ESG commitment by, among others, setting aggressive
     carbon emission targets, minimizing energy and water consumption through its
     advanced continuous manufacturing platform with single-use technology, and
     launching more Corporate Social Responsibility (“CSR”) initiatives to benefit global
     employees, partners, patients and communities. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group also welcomed the first female Director and established the ESG Committee
     directly chaired by the CEO to further enhance its ESG efforts.




24   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Through its efforts in governance, environmental protection, and social
responsibility, the Group has earned wide recognition from global ESG rating
agencies and will press on towards a stronger ESG performance for the greater
good of society. Please also refer to the section headed “Company Awards” for ESG
awards the Group obtained.

Investors Relations

The Group views the highest standards of corporate governance and investor
relations practices as a priority of the Group, with the aim of providing our
investors with a comprehensive understanding of the Group’s long-term value and
developing strategies. The Group endeavors to provide multichannel approach
to ensure that the Shareholders and investors have equal and timely access to
the Group’s key business imperatives. In particular, the Group maintains effective
and on-going dialogue with Shareholders and investors with the communication
tools including announcements, press releases, annual and extraordinary general
meetings, interim and annual reports and a company-sponsored Investor Day, etc.

The Group encourages Shareholders and investors to actively participate in results
announcements meetings, annual and extraordinary general meetings, Investor
Day and other road shows, which have provided opportunities for communication
between the senior management and the Shareholders and investors. To cope
with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group has used more web-based and digitalized
communication, such as live broadcasting and teleconferences to enhance
transparency among global investors. This year also marked the first year to hold
the Investor Day both virtually and in person with over 200 investors attended the
whole-day meeting and visited our facilities in Wuxi in person and another 1,000
investors attended virtually.

Apart from participating in meetings and road shows, the Group’s investors and
Shareholders can also get easy access to the announcements, press releases,
company presentations and financial information through the Group’s website.
The Group has also established a section within the Group’s website and listed
investor relations contact on the website for investors to make inquiries, and has
been endeavoring to ensure timely reply, thus further facilitating a high degree of
transparency.

Through the above efforts, within the Reporting Period, the Group has been well-
recognized by the capital market and won several awards during the Reporting
Period. Please refer to the section headed “Company Awards” for further
information.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Company Awards

     During the Reporting Period, the Company received recognitions and awards for
     its outstanding performance in providing exceptional services to accelerate and
     transform biologics development, as well as its ongoing ESG efforts. Its honors
     include:

     •    2021 CMO Leadership Awards from Life Science Leader for the fourth
          consecutive year in all six categories (capabilities, compatibility, expertise,
          quality, reliability, and service) and across the three respondent groups — Big
          Pharma, Small Pharma, and Overall (combined Big and Small Pharma);

     •    2021 Asia-Pacific Bioprocessing Excellence Award in the Bioprocessing
          Excellence in Antibody & ADC Therapeutics Manufacturing in Greater China
          Region and the Bioprocessing Excellence in Viral Clearance and Safety in
          Greater China Region from IMAPAC, a leading consulting firm;

     •    2021 Top Graduate Employers Award in China (「中國大學生喜愛僱主」) for the
          second consecutive year from The Top Graduate Employers, co-launched by
          51job.com, a leading integrated human resources service provider in China,
          and yingjiesheng.com, a leading online job search portal for college users in
          China;

     •    China’s Most Attractive Employer by Universum, a Swedish-based global
          employer authority. The Group was ranked Top 2 in the Pharma & Health
          category for its outstanding employer brand influence;

     •    Most Honored Company, Best CEO and CFO, Best IR and Best ESG awards by
          Institutional Investor, an international financial publication, which affirms the
          Group’s high-performing leadership team, investor relations management, and
          dedication to ESG practices; and

     •    Excellence in Corporate Governance of the 2021 Hong Kong Corporate
          Governance and ESG Excellence Awards by the Chamber of Hong Kong Listed
          Companies (CHKLC) and the Centre for Corporate Governance and Financial
          Policy. As the only biotech company among the winners, the Group was
          recognized “success in protecting clients’ interests and well-being of patients”,
          as well as “the able leadership of its effective and professional board”.




26   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Future Outlook

Since the pandemic’s outbreak, pharmaceutical companies, especially biotech
companies, have endeavored to develop various vaccines and effective
therapeutics to fight COVID-19, and multiple vaccines and medicines have been
approved by regulatory agencies in the past two years. The biologics outsourcing
industry, an indispensable partner to biopharmaceuticals, has been striving to
accommodate the increased needs of COVID-19 vaccine and therapeutics projects.

In addition to COVID-19 related projects, recent years have witnessed a promising
growth in the biopharma industry as a result of technological advancement,
comprehensive policy reforms, and a surge in investments. The extensive
application of digital and AI technologies in the biopharma industry, particularly
since the outbreak of COVID-19, has empowered innovative breakthroughs in the
sector. The global biologics market is expected to grow at a rate of 10.7% from
2020 to 2025.

The burgeoning biopharma industry also brings about unprecedented demands
for biologics outsourcing services. Small and medium-sized innovative biotech
companies are turning to outsourcing services due to their lack of R&D capabilities
and limited capacity. Meanwhile, large biopharma companies are also outsourcing
to biologics CDMO offering end-to-end solutions to reduce research and
development costs, mitigate risks, and focus on their own core competencies while
improving efficiency. The global biologics outsourcing market is estimated to grow
at a remarkable rate in the coming several years.

As a global CRDMO leader, the Group is experiencing significant growth to meet
escalating demands from both large pharmaceuticals and small and medium-
sized companies. The ability to deeply engage in R&D and provide technological
expertise to our partners has distinguished the Group from traditional CDMO.
With exceptional capacity, research capability, advanced technologies and world-
class quality systems, the Group has established an advantage with its platform,
which provides one-stop end-to-end services to enable its clients and partners
and empower the global biopharma industry throughout the drug discovery,
development and manufacturing process, from concepts to pre-clinical research,
clinical trials, and commercial manufacturing. Recognizing the Group’s capabilities
and capacity to provide high-quality, efficient and more cost-effective CRDMO
services, large pharmaceutical companies are increasingly utilizing the Group’s
services. The Group welcomes the recent development that all top 20 global large
pharmaceutical companies have become its key clients. Meanwhile, small and
medium-sized companies continue to rely on the Group’s platforms to drive their
innovative biologics.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     As an indispensable partner to biopharma companies, the Group will continue
     to strive to provide fully integrated CRDMO services to our partners, particularly
     in the areas of manufacturing cost-effective COVID-19 vaccines and Omicron-
     effective mAbs to contribute to the fight against the pandemic. Moreover, other
     vaccines and therapies that were not prioritized during the pandemic are soon
     expected to be resumed. Therefore, there will be higher demand for already scarce
     capacity. As observed by the Group, the business momentum remains strong. The
     Group anticipates that to satisfy the demand of biologics CRDMO services, non-
     COVID programs will make up the revenue from decreasing COVID-19 projects and
     will continue to deliver consistent high growth throughout 2022 and in the years
     following.

     Looking further ahead, the Group will continue to implement its “Follow and
     Win the Molecule” strategies and “Global Dual Sourcing” paradigm to seize
     development opportunities in the biologics industry. Combining such efforts with
     our cutting-edge capabilities and capacity, in addition to our premier ESG practices,
     we will continue to enable our clients and partners and, ultimately, benefit patients
     worldwide.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Revenue

     The revenue of the Group increased by 83.3% from approximately RMB5,612.4
     million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB10,290.1 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2021. Such increase was mainly attributed to
     (i) the significant manufacturing revenue growth in 2021 as the banner year for
     the Group’s commercial manufacturing; (ii) the fruition from long-term “Follow
     and Win the Molecule” strategies, with leading technology platform, best-in-
     industry timeline and excellent execution track record contributing to significantly
     higher revenue and market share of new non-COVID integrated projects; (iii) the
     Group’s acceleration to undertake, promptly execute and generate revenue from
     existing and new COVID-19 projects to support and enable the Group’s global
     clients in combatting against COVID-19; (iv) successful execution of “Follow and
     Win the Molecule” strategies adding considerable late-stage pipelines and near-
     term revenue; and (v) the recovery from the reduced productivity due to the brief
     slow-down in the first quarter of 2020 as disrupted by the pandemic, coupled with
     the enhancement in the utilization of existing capacities and resources and the
     implementation of operational efficiency improvement programs.




28   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
        Management Discussion and Analysis



The revenue of the Group has maintained a strong growth during the Reporting
Period. The Group derived a vast majority of its revenue from providing services
to customers headquartered in the North America and the PRC. The table below
shows the revenue distribution by countries/regions:

                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                 2021                            2020
Revenue                                RMB million               %     RMB million               %

— North America                            5,228.9          50.8%          2,479.2          44.2%
— PRC                                      2,510.7          24.4%          2,464.1          43.9%
— Europe                                   2,276.3          22.1%            446.6           8.0%
— Rest of the world (Note)                   274.2           2.7%            222.5           3.9%

Total                                     10,290.1         100.0%          5,612.4         100.0%


Note:      Rest of the world primarily includes Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Israel and
           Australia.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, as RMB350.0 million of one-time sublicense
revenue earned in year 2020 was not repeating in year 2021, the pre-IND services
revenue of the Group increased by 21.1% to approximately RMB3,392.0 million,
accounting for 33.0% of the total revenue. Early-phase (phases I & II) services
revenue of the Group increased by 9.0% to approximately RMB1,602.7 million,
accounting for 15.6% of the total revenue. Furthermore, late-phase (phase III)
services and commercial manufacturing revenue of the Group increased by 293.0%
to approximately RMB4,930.5 million, accounting for 47.9% of the total revenue, by
implementing the “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies.

The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue by pre-IND
services, early-phase (phases I & II) services, late-phase (phase III) services &
commercial manufacturing and others for the periods indicated:

                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                 2021                            2020
                                       RMB million               %     RMB million               %

Pre-IND services                           3,392.0          33.0%          2,800.3          49.9%
Early-phase (phases I & II) services       1,602.7          15.6%          1,470.3          26.2%
Late-phase (phase III) services &
   commercial manufacturing                4,930.5          47.9%          1,254.5          22.3%
Others (Note)                                364.9           3.5%             87.3           1.6%

Total                                     10,290.1         100.0%          5,612.4         100.0%


Note:   Others mainly include sales of other biologics products by Bestchrom (Zhejiang)
        Biosciences Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Pinghu U-Pure Biosciences Co., Ltd.) and
        Bestchrom (Shanghai) Biosciences Co., Ltd., two non-wholly owned subsidiaries of
        the Group. These two companies primarily engage in production and sale of biologics
        purification medium and chromatographic column.

                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     The top 5 customers’ revenue increased by 122.2% from approximately RMB1,684.7
     million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB3,744.2 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2021, accounting for 36.4% of total revenue for
     the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 30.0% for the year ended
     December 31, 2020.

     The top 10 customers’ revenue increased by 109.2% from approximately
     RMB2,326.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately
     RMB4,867.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, accounting for 47.3% of
     total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 41.5% for the
     year ended December 31, 2020.

     Cost of Sales and Services

     The cost of sales and services of the Group increased by 77.3% from approximately
     RMB3,079.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately
     RMB5,461.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of the cost
     of sales and services was lower than the Group’s revenue growth, contributing to
     the gross profit margin expansion.

     The cost of sales and services of the Group consists of direct labor costs, cost
     of raw materials and overhead. Direct labor costs primarily consist of salaries,
     bonuses, social security costs and share-based compensation for the employees in
     the Group’s business units. Cost of raw materials primarily consists of the purchase
     cost of raw materials used in the Group’s services rendering and manufacturing.
     Overhead primarily consists of depreciation charges of the facilities and equipment
     in use, outsourced testing service fees, utilities and maintenance, etc.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     The gross profit of the Group increased by 90.6% from approximately RMB2,533.0
     million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB4,828.9
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Group’s gross profit margin
     increased from 45.1% for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 46.9% for the year
     ended December 31, 2021. The increase in the gross profit margin was primarily
     attributable to (i) the Group’s robust business growth, as a result of the rapid
     increase in the number of integrated projects and projects progressing to late
     stages of development; (ii) the significant manufacturing margin growth in 2021
     as the banner year for the Group’s commercial manufacturing; (iii) the Group’s
     deployment to fully utilize existing manufacturing facilities; (iv) the Group’s
     extraordinary efforts to undertake a large number of new development projects,
     with a prudent approach in adding new resources; (v) the continuing undertaking
     of the Group’s operational efficiency improvement programs; and (vi) more than
     offsetting the new facilities ramping-up impact.




30   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Other Income

The other income of the Group mainly consists of research and other grants
and interest income. Other income of the Group decreased by 10.7% from
approximately RMB220.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB196.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily
due to the decrease in interest income as a result of the lower interest rates of
return from bank deposits.

Other Gains and Losses

The other gains and losses of the Group primarily include foreign exchange
gains or losses, fair value gains or losses on equity investments measured at
fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), fair value changes from wealth
management products, etc. The net other gains of the Group increased by 134.9%
from approximately RMB283.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB665.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily
due to (i) an increase in fair value gain on various equity investments held by the
Group; (ii) foreign exchange gain reported in year 2021 as compared to foreign
exchange loss reported in year 2020, from the sound management over foreign
currency risk through hedging arrangements; and (iii) an increase in fair value gain
from wealth management products.

Impairment Losses, Under Expected Credit Loss Model, Net of Reversal

Impairment losses, under Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) model, net of reversal of the
Group represent loss allowances on the Group’s financial assets (including trade
and other receivables and contract assets) (“Impairment Losses”) and increased
from approximately RMB121.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB156.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 83.3%
increase of the revenue base, adverse impact of COVID-19 on the global economy,
coupled with the longer collecting cycles from some customers headquartered
in China, has led to an increase in Impairment Losses. The Group has been
continuously monitoring its down-payment requirements, credit policies, and has
engaged senior management in the collection of overdue receivables.

Selling and Marketing Expenses

The selling and marketing expenses of the Group increased by 32.0% from
approximately RMB94.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB124.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, mainly
due to (i) our continuous efforts in enhancing the Group’s business development
capability to solidify its leading role in the growing global market; and (ii) the
amortization of customer relationship generated from new acquisitions during the
Reporting Period. Compared to the phenomenal growth of revenue, the selling and
marketing expenses as a percentage of the Group’s revenue decreased to 1.2%
for the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to 1.7% for the year ended
December 31, 2020.



                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Administrative Expenses

     The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 71.3% from approximately
     RMB511.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to approximately
     RMB875.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to the
     increases in the investment on IT infrastructure to strengthen the group’s corporate
     infrastructure, digitization initiatives, and staff related costs, insurance expenses,
     consulting expenses, and etc., in line with the rapid expansion of the Group’s
     operations and merge & acquisition activities globally.

     Research and Development Expenses

     The research and development expenses of the Group increased by 65.2%
     from approximately RMB303.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
     approximately RMB501.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, as a result
     of our continuous investment in innovation and technologies to enhance and
     develop the Group’s cutting-edge platforms.

     Financing Costs

     The financing costs of the Group mainly include interest expenses on lease
     liabilities, interest expenses on bank borrowings and interest expenses on financing
     component of an advance payment received from a customer. The financing costs
     of the Group decreased by 8.2% from approximately RMB42.7 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB39.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2021, mainly due to decreased interest expenses on bank borrowings
     as a result of lower interest rates applied during the Reporting Period; coupled with
     an effect of full capitalization of the interest expenses from a syndicated loan for
     the Group’s global facility constructions.

     Income Tax Expense

     For the year ended December 31, 2021, the income tax expenses of the Group
     amounted to approximately RMB484.5 million, which were attributed to the regular
     income tax expenses with an effective tax rate of 15.9%, and partially offset by
     certain tax refund from local authorities as a favorable local policy in a couple of
     China subsidiaries, totaling approximately RMB150.5 million. While for the year
     ended December 31, 2020, the income tax expenses of the Group amounted to
     approximately RMB273.1 million, attributed to the similar tax refund from local
     authorities of approximately RMB120.7 million.




32   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Net Profit and Net Profit Margin

As a result of the foregoing, the net profit of the Group increased by 107.3%
from approximately RMB1,692.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB3,508.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The net
profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 34.1%, as
compared to 30.2% for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in net
profit margin was primarily due to (i) the growth of gross profit as mentioned
above; and (ii) the increase in fair value gain from equity investments at FVTPL,
which was partially offset by the increases in Administrative Expenses, Research
and Development Expenses and Income Tax Expense.

The net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 100.6% from
approximately RMB1,688.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 to
approximately RMB3,388.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
margin of net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased from 30.1%
for the year ended December 31, 2020 to 32.9% for the year ended December 31,
2021. The increases followed the same set of reasons as discussed above.

Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share

The basic earnings per share of the Group increased by 88.4% from RMB0.43
for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB0.81 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The diluted earnings per share of the Group increased by 92.5% from
RMB0.40 for the year ended December 31, 2020 to RMB0.77 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. The increase in the basic and diluted earnings per share
was primarily due to the increase in the net profit attributable to owners of the
Company resulting from the strong business growth of the Group as discussed
above.

Property, Plant and Equipment

The balance of the property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by 50.6%
from approximately RMB11,996.2 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately
RMB18,065.5 million as at December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) on-going facility
constructions in various sites of the Group; and (ii) new acquisitions during the
Reporting Period.

Right-of-Use Assets

The balance of the right-of-use assets of the Group increased by 93.4% from
approximately RMB874.2 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately
RMB1,690.3 million as at December 31, 2021, primarily due to the increment of new
lease agreements entered during the Reporting Period, mainly in Germany, the U.S.
and China.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Goodwill

     The balance of the goodwill of the Group increased by 725.2% from approximately
     RMB185.4 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB1,529.9 million as
     at December 31, 2021, mainly due to new acquisitions of subsidiaries and business
     during the Reporting Period.

     Intangible Assets

     The intangible assets of the Group mainly include technology and customer
     relationship acquired from the acquisition transactions, and patent and license
     held by the Group. The intangible assets of the Group increased by 53.3% from
     approximately RMB391.9 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately
     RMB600.7 million as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to the technology and
     customer relationship arising from new acquisitions during the Reporting Period.

     Investment of an Associate Measured at FVTPL

     The investment of an associate measured at FVTPL of the Group represents the
     equity interest held in Shanghai Duoning Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Duoning”).

     The balance of investment in Duoning increased by 301.2% from approximately
     RMB187.5 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB752.3 million as
     at December 31, 2021, mainly due to (i) a fair value gain on investment of Duoning
     amounting to approximately RMB366.1 million recognized during the Reporting
     Period; and (ii) the additional investment of approximately RMB200.0 million in
     January 2021, and thus the Group had increased its shareholding in Duoning from
     15.9% as at December 31, 2020 to 18.4% as at December 31, 2021.

     Financial Assets at FVTPL (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

     The financial assets at FVTPL of the Group mainly include investments in wealth
     management products purchased from several banks, listed equity securities and
     unlisted equity investments. The aggregated balances of the financial assets
     at FVTPL in the current assets and non-current assets of the Group increased
     by 167.6% from approximately RMB871.3 million as at December 31, 2020 to
     approximately RMB2,331.7 million as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to (i) an
     increase in investments of listed and unlisted equity interests, as the Group has
     continuously made new and further investments in a wide variety of companies
     in life science and healthcare industry to support the sustainable growth of the
     Group; and (ii) an increased balance in the wealth management products in various
     different banks.




34   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Inventories

The inventories of the Group increased by 55.6% from approximately RMB1,084.2
million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB1,687.4 million as at
December 31, 2021, mainly due to (i) increased inventory safety stocks to mitigate
the supply chain risk under COVID-19 pandemic; and (ii) more inventory stock held
in various sites to support the continuously expanding production capacities.

Contract Costs

The contract costs (previously called Service Work in Progress) of the Group
increased by 156.4% from approximately RMB392.1 million as at December 31, 2020
to approximately RMB1,005.5 million as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to the
increment of on-going projects, along with the rapid growth of the Group’s revenue
and business.

Trade and Other Receivables

The trade and other receivables of the Group increased by 49.8% from
approximately RMB3,241.9 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately
RMB4,857.3 million as at December 31, 2021, primarily due to (i) an increase in
trade receivables, along with the Group’s revenue growth; (ii) an increase in value
added tax recoverable, consolidated from a couple of acquisitions during the
Reporting Period; (iii) an increase in receivables for purchase of raw materials
on behalf of customers as an industry practice, in line with the increment of
integrated projects; and (iv) an increase in other receivables due from a bank in
relation to the settled derivative financial instruments.

Contract Assets

The contract assets of the Group increased by 449.8% from approximately RMB24.1
million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB132.5 million as at December
31, 2021, along with the revenue growth of the Group.

Trade and Other Payables

The trade and other payables of the Group increased by 35.5% from approximately
RMB2,728.5 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB3,697.8 million
as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to (i) an increase in the employees related
payables, including salary and bonus payables, in line with the workforce growth
of the Group; and (ii) payable amounting to approximately RMB280.0 million for
acquisition of WuXi XDC business, which was partially offset by the settlement
of payable for additional investment in Duoning amounting to approximately
RMB154.5 million as at December 31, 2020.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   35
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Contract Liabilities (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

     The contract liabilities in the current liabilities of the Group increased by 160.8%
     from approximately RMB664.9 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately
     RMB1,733.8 million as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to more contracts have
     been entered into, as a result of the Group’s robust increase in the number
     of integrated projects, coupled with the management’s efforts on stringent
     requirement of down-payments.

     The contract liabilities in the non-current liabilities of the Group represented the
     total payment amounting to US$100.0 million received from a vaccine partner. The
     balances at the end of each reporting period are measured after considering the
     financing components and the recognition of revenue during the related reporting
     period.

     Lease Liabilities (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

     The aggregated lease liabilities in the current liabilities and non-current liabilities
     of the Group increased by 110.8% from approximately RMB727.2 million as at
     December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB1,532.9 million as at December 31, 2021,
     primarily due to more plants and offices have been leased to support the Group’s
     business expansion in Germany, the U.S. and China.

     Liquidity and Capital Resources

     The aggregated balances of bank balances and cash and time deposits of the
     Group increased by 21.3% from approximately RMB8,368.1 million as at December
     31, 2020 to approximately RMB10,150.9 million as at December 31, 2021. The
     increase was mainly due to (i) the receipt of net proceeds from placing of
     approximately RMB10,899.0 million in February 2021; and (ii) cash generated
     from business operations, which was partially offset by the increases in payment
     for purchase of property, plant and equipment and payment for acquisition of
     subsidiaries, along with the Group’s capacity expansion.

     Treasury Policy

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its
     capital resources and prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund its working
     capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
     including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable
     market rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the
     Group’s treasury activities are centralized and all cash transactions are dealt with
     reputable banks.




36   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group’s treasury policies are also designated to mitigate the impact of
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates arising from the Group’s global
operations. The cash and cash equivalents held by the Group are mainly composed
of RMB and USD. Certain Group’s entities have foreign currency transactions,
including sales and purchases transactions, borrowings and repayment, etc.,
and foreign currencies denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which are
mainly denominated in USD and EUR. It is the Group’s policy to negotiate a series
of derivative instruments with different banks to hedge the foreign currency
risks in the ordinary course of business. Including, the Group usually enters into
foreign currency forward contracts and collar contracts to hedge substantially
all forecasted future USD denominated sales transactions up to 12 months, cross
currency swap contracts to hedge foreign currencies denominated borrowings and
repayments upon demand, forward extra contracts and European vanilla option
contracts to hedge net exposure denominated in foreign currencies as needed.

Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

As at December 31, 2021, there was no significant investment held by the
Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.

Indebtedness

Borrowings

The aggregated borrowings of the Group increased by 6.1% from approximately
RMB2,604.7 million as at December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB2,762.4 million
as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to that more bank facilities have been utilized
to support the continuous business expansion, especially the overseas construction
activities.

Of the total borrowings as at December 31, 2021, RMB denominated borrowings
amounted to approximately RMB75.9 million with the effective interest rate
around 4.9% per annum; USD denominated borrowings amounted to approximately
RMB2,359.0 million with the effective interest rates ranging from 1.6% to 2.0% per
annum; and EUR denominated borrowings amounted to approximately RMB327.5
million with the effective interest rate ranging from 0.8% to 1.5% per annum,
respectively.

Among all, approximately RMB2,121.9 million will be due within one year;
approximately RMB583.0 million will be due in more than one year but within two
years; approximately RMB27.6 million will be due in more than two years but within
five years; and approximately RMB29.9 million will be due after five years.

As at December 31, 2021, RMB denominated borrowings of approximately RMB75.9
million was secured against the Group’s buildings. The remaining borrowings were
unsecured.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities
     or guarantees.

     Charges of Assets

     The Group pledged the bank deposits as collateral for the banks to issue the letter
     of guarantee for the facility construction in Ireland. The pledged bank deposits
     of the Group decreased by 58.8% from approximately RMB528.8 million as at
     December 31, 2020 to approximately RMB218.0 million as at December 31, 2021,
     mainly due to the decrease of the guaranteed amount required.

     Gearing Ratio

     Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings divided by total equity
     and multiplied by 100%. Gearing ratio decreased from 12.5% as at December 31,
     2020 to 8.4% as at December 31, 2021, mainly due to an increase in equity after
     placing in February 2021.

     Non-IFRS Measures

     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented
     in accordance with IFRS, the Company has provided the adjusted net profit,
     adjusted net profit margin, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted
     basic and diluted earnings per share as additional financial measures, which are
     not required by, or presented in accordance with IFRS.

     The Group believes that the adjusted financial measures are useful for
     understanding and assessing underlying business performance and operating
     trends, and that the Group’s management and investors may benefit from
     referring to these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial
     performance by eliminating the impact of certain unusual, non-recurring, non-
     cash and/or non-operating items that the Group does not consider indicative of
     the performance of the Group’s core business. These non-IFRS financial measures,
     as the management of the Group believes, is widely accepted and adopted in the
     industry in which the Group is operating in. However, the presentation of these
     non-IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a
     substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with
     IFRS. Shareholders of the Company and potential investors should not view the
     adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.
     And these non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to the similarly-
     titled measures represented by other companies.

     Additional information is provided below to reconcile the adjusted net profit,
     EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA.




38   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
        Management Discussion and Analysis



Adjusted Net Profit

                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                 2021                 2020
                                                            RMB million          RMB million

Net Profit                                                        3,508.6             1,692.7

Add: share-based compensation expense                               531.9               276.4
Add: foreign exchange loss                                             —                 91.3
Less: fair value gain on equity investments at FVTPL               (604.6)             (344.6)

Adjusted Net Profit (Note i)                                      3,435.9              1,715.8
Margin of Adjusted Net Profit                                      33.4%                30.6%
Adjusted Net Profit Attributable to Owners of
 the Company                                                      3,316.4              1,722.0
Margin of Adjusted Net Profit Attributable to
 Owners of the Company                                              32.2%               30.7%

                                                                      RMB                 RMB

Adjusted Earnings Per Share
— Basic                                                               0.79                0.44
— Diluted                                                             0.75                0.41

Note:

i.   In order to better reflect the key performance of the Group’s current business and
     operations, the adjusted net profit is calculated on the basis of net profit excluding:

     a)   share-based compensation expense, a non-cash expenditure;

     b)   foreign exchange gains or losses, primarily generated from revaluation of the
          assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and the fair value change
          of derivative financial instruments, which the management believes is irrelevant to
          the Group’s core business; and

     c)   gains or losses of fair value change on equity investments at FVTPL, a non-
          operating item.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   39
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

                                                             Year ended December 31,
                                                                  2021             2020
                                                             RMB million      RMB million

     Net Profit                                                   3,508.6          1,692.7

     Add: income tax expense                                        484.5            273.1
          interest expense                                           39.2             42.7
          depreciation                                              582.3            400.4
          amortization                                               47.7             32.0

     EBITDA                                                       4,662.3          2,440.9
     EBITDA Margin                                                 45.3%            43.5%

     Add: share-based compensation expense                          531.9            276.4
     Add: foreign exchange loss                                        —              91.3
     Less: fair value gain on equity investments at FVTPL          (604.6)          (344.6)

     Adjusted EBITDA                                              4,589.6          2,464.0
     Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                        44.6%            43.9%

     Employee and Remuneration Policies

     As at December 31, 2021, the Group employed a workforce totaling 9,864
     employees. The staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any
     contributions to (i) retirement benefit scheme contributions; and (ii) share-
     based payment expenses, were approximately RMB3,572.7 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2021, as compared to approximately RMB1,787.7 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2020. The remuneration package of employees
     generally includes salary and bonus elements. In general, the Group determines
     the remuneration package based on the qualifications, position and performance
     of its employees. The Group also makes contributions to social insurance fund,
     including basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance,
     childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance funds, and housing reserve fund
     as applicable to the countries where the Group operates.

     The Group has adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Restricted Share
     Award Scheme, the Global Partner Program Share Scheme and subsidiary share
     option schemes of each of WuXi Vaccines and WuXi XDC to provide incentive or
     reward to eligible participants for their contribution or potential contribution to the
     Group.




40   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
    Management Discussion and Analysis



In addition, the Group has an effective training system for its employees, including
orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the learning progress
and improve the knowledge and skill levels of its workforce. Its orientation process
covers subjects, such as corporate culture and policies, work ethics, introduction to
the biologics development process, quality management, and occupational safety,
and its periodic on-the-job training covers streamlined technical know-hows of its
integrated services, environmental, health and safety management systems and
mandatory training required by the applicable laws and regulations.

The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is reviewed by the
Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. The relevant experience,
duties and responsibilities, time commitment, working performance and the
prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the
emoluments of the Directors and senior management.

KEY EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2021:

•   From January 4, 2022 to January 5, 2022, the Company repurchased an
    aggregate of 10,435,500 Shares on the Stock Exchange at the highest
    and lowest prices of HK$82.90 and HK$78.45 per Share, respectively. The
    aggregate purchase price paid for the share repurchase was approximately
    HK$842.67 million.

•   The Group has been named a winner of the 2022 “CMO Leadership Awards”
    for the fifth year in a row. The Group is proud to receive this distinction in
    all six award categories (i.e., capabilities, compatibility, expertise, reliability,
    quality and service). On top of this CMO award, the Group received additional
    recognition as the CHAMPION in its Capabilities category, applauding for the
    Company’s state-of-the-art facilities and robust manufacturing capabilities
    which outperformed the industry standard.

•   On February 8, 2022, the Company noted that the Bureau of Industry and
    Security in the Department of Commerce of the United States of America (the
    “U.S. Commerce Department”) added two of its subsidiaries, namely, WuXi
    Biologics Co., Ltd. and WuXi Biologics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. to the Unverified
    List (the “UVL”). The Company is of the view that this incident has no material
    adverse effect on its business or ongoing services to its global partners, and
    that the impact to its imports is not significant. For details of the aforesaid
    matter, please refer to the announcement published by the Company on
    February 8, 2022.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   41
     Directors and Senior Management



     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝), aged 49, was appointed as an executive Director
     and chief executive officer in February 2014 and January 2016, respectively. He
     joined the Group in June 2011 and also serves as a director of most subsidiaries of
     the Company. From June 2011 to January 2016, Dr. Chen served as a senior vice
     president of WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (上海藥明康德新藥開發有限公司), and
     was responsible for the management of biologics development and manufacturing.
     From August 2008 to June 2011, Dr. Chen served as the chief operating officer
     of Shanghai Celgen Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海賽金生物醫藥有限公司), and
     was responsible for the development, manufacturing and quality control of
     biologics. From November 2005 to August 2008, Dr. Chen served as a director and
     senior engineering consultant of Eli Lilly and Company, a global pharmaceutical
     company listed on NYSE (stock code: LLY), and was responsible for running
     a clinical manufacturing facility and providing technical guidance to biologics
     development and manufacturing. From June 2000 to November 2005, Dr. Chen
     served as a process engineer and manager of Merck & Co. Inc., a pharmaceutical
     company listed on NYSE (stock code: MRK) (“Merck”), and was responsible for
     providing technical support and trouble-shooting manufacturing issues of biologics
     and recombinant vaccines. Dr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical
     engineering from Tsinghua University in June 1994 and a Ph.D. degree in chemical
     engineering from University of Delaware in June 2000. In November 2018, Dr. Chen
     was appointed by International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE) to
     serve on the International Board of Directors.

     Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌), aged 58, was appointed as an executive Director,
     chief technology officer and executive vice president in May 2016, November 2016
     and October 2019, respectively. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the
     development and manufacturing of biologics. He joined the Group in December
     2012 as the vice president, responsible for the management of biologics
     development and manufacturing functions. Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Zhou
     served as a senior director of Genzyme Corporation (now part of Sanofi) from
     March 2008 to December 2012, and was responsible for commercial cell culture
     process development. From October 2002 to February 2008, Dr. Zhou served as
     a senior director of PDL BioPharma Inc., a biopharmaceutical company listed on
     NASDAQ, and was responsible for process sciences and engineering functions.
     From May 1994 to October 2002, Dr. Zhou served as up to an associate director of
     Merck, and was responsible for fermentation and cell culture process development.
     Dr. Zhou obtained a Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of
     Hannover in 1989 and conducted postdoctoral research at the German Association
     of Chemical Engineering and Biotechnology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology
     Zurich, and the University of Minnesota.




42   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
            Directors and Senior Management



Non-executive Directors

Dr. Ge Li (李革), aged 55, was appointed as the chairman and non-executive
Director in February 2014. Dr. Li is primarily responsible for providing overall
guidance on the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group. He
founded the Group in May 2010 and also serves as a director of most subsidiaries
of the Company. Dr. Li has been serving as the chairman and the chief executive
officer since December 2000 of WuXi AppTec, a company dual-listed on Shanghai
Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所) (stock code: 603259) and the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359), and has been responsible for the overall
management of its business, strategy and corporate development. From August
2007 to December 2015, Dr. Li served as the chairman and the chief executive
officer of WuXi PharmaTech. From May 1993 to December 2000, Dr. Li was one of
the founding scientists and latest served as a research manager of Pharmacopeia
Inc., a biopharmaceutical company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: PCOP), and
was responsible for managing external research collaboration. Dr. Li obtained a
Ph.D. degree in organic chemistry from Columbia University in the United States
in February 1994. He was appointed as a director of the Scripps Research Institute
(TSRI), a private non-profit research organization, in February 2017.

Dr. Li is the spouse of Dr. Ning Zhao.

Dr. Ning Zhao (趙寧), aged 55, was appointed as a non-executive director in
June 2021. Dr. Zhao is a co-founder and an executive director of WuXi AppTec,
a company dual-listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易所) (stock code:
603259) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359). Since
2011, she has served as WuXi AppTec’s Senior Vice President of Operations.
From February 2011 to July 2021, Dr. Zhao was also the Global Head of Human
Resources of WuXi AppTec. In 2020, Dr. Zhao co-founded the Ge Li & Ning Zhao
Family Foundation with Dr. Ge Li and serves as a director and president of the
organization. From 2004 to 2011, Dr. Zhao was the Vice President of Analytical
Services and Lead Advisor of Analytical Services Operations at WuXi AppTec. In
this role, she established WuXi AppTec’s global analytical services platform, which
provides comprehensive and integrated capabilities across all stages of drug
discovery and development. She previously held various research and management
positions at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Pharmacopeia, and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (now
Pfizer). Dr. Zhao is an Honorary Trustee of Peking University, and a member of the
Board of Trustees at the Peddie School. She was named one of Forbes China’s “50
Top Women in Tech” in 2019, and to Forbes China’s “Top Businesswomen List” in
2021. Dr. Zhao obtained her bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Peking University
in 1989 and her doctoral degree in organic chemistry from Columbia University,
where she was awarded the George Pegram Award, in 1995.

Dr. Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   43
     Directors and Senior Management



     Mr. Yibing Wu (吳亦兵), aged 54, was appointed as a non-executive Director in
     May 2016. He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu
     has been serving as a director of WuXi AppTec since March 2016. Since November
     2015, Mr. Wu has been serving as a director of Summer Bloom Investments Pte.
     Ltd. Since October 2013, Mr. Wu has been working with Temasek International
     Pte. Ltd. and is currently Global Executive Council Member, the joint head of
     Technology & Consumer, the head of Enterprise Development Group (China) and
     the president of China. From April 2011 to April 2014, Mr. Wu served as a director
     of Neptune Orient Lines Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange
     Limited (stock code: RE2). From December 2009 to September 2013, Mr. Wu served
     as the president of CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. From January
     2012 to September 2013, Mr. Wu served as the chairman and chief executive
     officer of CITIC Goldstone Investment Co. Ltd. From May 2009 to July 2013, Mr.
     Wu served as a non-executive director of Lenovo Group Limited, a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0992). From September
     2008 to November 2009, Mr. Wu served as the executive vice president of Legend
     Holdings Co., Ltd. From August 2004 to August 2008, Mr. Wu was seconded from
     McKinsey & Company as the chief strategy officer, chief integration officer, chief
     transformation officer and chief information officer of Lenovo Group Ltd. From
     September 1996 to August 2008, he worked with McKinsey & Company, where he
     was a senior partner, the head of Asia Pacific M&A practice and general manager
     of Beijing office. Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s degree in molecular biology from
     University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in
     July 1989 and a Ph.D. degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Harvard
     University in the United States in June 1996.




44   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Yanling Cao (曹彥凌), aged 38, was appointed as a non-executive Director in
May 2016. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategy
and governance to the Group. He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Cao has been serving as the managing director of Boyu Capital Advisory
Co. Limited since March 2011 and currently serves as a partner, mainly responsible
for investments in the healthcare industry. From December 2007 to January 2011,
Mr. Cao served as an investment professional of General Atlantic LLC, and was
responsible for private equity and venture capital investment. From July 2006 to
November 2007, Mr. Cao served as an investment banker of Goldman Sachs Asia
LLC, and was responsible for providing investment banking advisory services to
clients in Asia. In addition, Mr. Cao served as a director of CStone Pharmaceuticals
(基石藥業), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
2616) (“CStone Pharmaceuticals”), from April 2016 to March 2017 and has been
appointed as a non-executive director since May 2019. From June 2019 to March
2021, Mr. Cao served as a director and then a non-executive director of Hygeia
Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (海吉亞醫療控股有限公司), a company listed on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6078). Mr. Cao has been serving
as a non-executive director of Ocumension Therapeutics (歐康維視生物), a company
listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1477), since June
2019. Mr. Cao has also been serving as a non-executive director of Viela Bio Inc., a
company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: VIE), since February 2018. From February
2019 to December 2021, Mr. Cao served as a director and then a non-executive
director of Antengene Corporation Limited (德琪醫藥有限公司), a company listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6996). From May 2020
to December 2021, Mr. Cao served as an independent non-executive director of
JW (Cayman) Therapeutics Co. Ltd (藥明巨諾（開曼）有限公司), a company listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2126). Mr. Cao obtained a
bachelor’s degree in economics and mathematics from Middlebury College in the
United States in June 2006.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   45
     Directors and Senior Management



     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. William Robert Keller, aged 74, was appointed as an independent
     non-executive Director on May 17, 2017. He joined the Group in May 2017.
     From December 2010 to November 2020, he served as the chairman of Coland
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (康聯藥業有限公司), a company previously listed on Taiwan
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 4144), and was responsible for providing business
     advice to the company. From September 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Keller
     served as an independent director of WuXi PharmaTech and was responsible
     for providing independent advice to the board of the company. From December
     2009 to May 2015, Mr. Keller served as a director of Alexion Pharmaceuticals,
     Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: ALXN), and was responsible for
     providing independent advice to the board of the company. From February 2003
     to June 2014, Mr. Keller served as the founder and principal of Keller Pharma
     Consultancy (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (凱樂醫藥諮詢（上海）有限公司) and was responsible
     for market entry and strategy consulting. From March 2003 to June 2014, Mr.
     Keller served as the deputy general manager of Shanghai Zhangjiang Biotech and
     Pharmaceutical Base Development Co., Ltd. (上海張江生物醫藥基地開發有限公司) and
     was responsible for consulting of pharmaceutical and biotechnological startups’
     industry development in the park. From May 2007 to April 2010, Mr. Keller served
     as the chairman of HBM Biomed China Partners Ltd. and was responsible for
     investment in biotechnology companies. From December 2007 to December 2014,
     Mr. Keller served as a director and later a supervisor of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals
     Holding Limited (太景醫藥研發控股股份有限公司), a company listed on Taiwan Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 4157), and was responsible for overseeing financial matters.
     From June 1997 to December 2013, Mr. Keller served as the deputy chairman of
     the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (上海市外商投資
     企業協會), and was responsible for supporting foreign invested companies as a
     business advisor. From March 2003 to December 2013, Mr. Keller served as a senior
     consultant of the Shanghai Foreign Investment Development Board (上海市外國投
     資促進中心) and was responsible for providing advice regarding foreign investment
     development. Since September 14, 2018, Mr. Keller has been serving as an
     independent non-executive director of Hua Medicine (華領醫藥), a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2552) (“Hua Medicine”).
     Mr. Keller has been serving as a director of Cathay Biotech Inc. (上海凱賽生物技術
     股份有限公司), a company listed on Shanghai STAR Market (stock code: 688065) in
     August 2020. Mr. Keller obtained a bachelor of science’s degrees from the School
     of Economics and Business Administration in Zurich, Switzerland in July 1972.




46   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (郭德明), aged 69, was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director on May 17, 2017. He joined the Group in May 2017. Prior to
joining the Group, he has been serving as an independent director and chairman
of the audit committee of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (阿里巴巴集團控股有限公
司), a company dual-listed on NYSE (stock code: BABA) and the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 9988) since September 2014. Since September 2018,
Mr. Kwauk has been serving as an independent non-executive director of Hua
Medicine, responsible for supervising and providing independent judgment to the
board of the company. Mr. Kwauk also served as an independent non-executive
director and the chairman of the audit committee of China Fordoo Holding Limited
(中國虎都控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 2399) from June 2014 to August 2016. From August 2014 to December
2015, Mr. Kwauk served as an independent director of WuXi PharmaTech, and was
responsible for providing independent judgement to the board of the company.
Since October 2012, he has been serving as an independent non-executive director
and the chairman of the audit committee of Sinosoft Technology Group Limited
(中國擎天軟件科技集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1297). Since January 2003, Mr. Kwauk has been serving
as a senior consultant and a vice president of Motorola Solutions (China) Co.,
Ltd. (摩托羅拉系統（中國）有限公司), and has been responsible for providing advice
on corporate strategic, finance and tax. Mr. Kwauk was a partner of KPMG, an
accounting firm primarily engaged in providing audit, advisory and tax services
from 1977 to 2002, and was responsible for audit. Mr. Kwauk obtained a bachelor’s
degree in science in April 1975 and a licentiate’s degree in accounting in April
1977 from the University of British Columbia in Canada. He has been an associate
member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 1983.

Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III, aged 62, was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director on June 9, 2020. He has more than 30 years of experience
in corporate finance. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. in Asia Pacific Ex-Japan before his retirement in
2019. He was also a member of Goldman Sachs’ Management Committee and
co-chaired its Asia Pacific Management Committee. Previously, Mr. Hitchner served
as President of Goldman Sachs in Asia Pacific Ex-Japan from 2013 to 2017. Prior
to relocating to Hong Kong, he was global head of Goldman Sachs’ Healthcare
Banking Group and global co-head of its Technology, Media and Telecom Group.
He was named managing director in 2000 and partner in 2002. He became head
of the global medical device banking practice in 1998 and head of the global
pharmaceutical banking practice in 2001. He began his career with Goldman Sachs’
Corporate Finance Department in 1991. Mr. Hitchner has been serving as a director
of the alternative investment management firm Elements Advisors SPV since May
2020. Mr. Hitchner has also been serving as a senior advisor to a leading global life
sciences investor Valiance Asset Management since November 2020. He has joined
Global Advisory Board of the global early-stage venture capitalist Antler since
January 2021. He has also been serving as a senior advisor of WuXi AppTec since
February 2020. Mr. Hitchner has been serving as an independent non-executive
director of Provident Acquisition Corp., a company listed on NASDAQ (stock code:
PAQC), since January 7, 2021. Mr. Hitchner has also been serving as the chairman
of the board of HH&L Acquisition Co., a company listed on NYSE (stock code:
HHLA), since February 11, 2021. Mr. Hitchner has been serving as a non-executive
director of CStone Pharmaceuticals since December 10, 2021. Mr. Hitchner obtained
a bachelor’s degree in arts from the University of Colorado in 1982 and a master’s
degree in business administration (MBA) as a merit fellow from Columbia University
Business School in 1992.



                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   47
     Directors and Senior Management



     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     For the biographies of Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝) and Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌),
     please refer to “Directors — Executive Directors”.

     Mr. Ming Tu (屠鳴), aged 53, is Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of WuXi Biologics.
     Serving in this role since November 1, 2021, Mr. Tu is responsible for overseeing the
     Group’s financial strategy, performance, reporting and business planning, as well
     as functional support, such as treasury, tax, controllership and audit operations.

     Mr. Tu has more than 27 years of experience in management and corporate
     finance. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tu had served as the CFO of General Electric
     (“GE”) China and other senior management positions within GE group for around
     24 years at different business units in China, the United States, Japan and other
     global locations. Since August 2019, he had served as the chief financial officer of
     the Home Credit China, one of the largest consumer finance companies in China.
     Mr. Tu obtained a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Fudan University in
     1990 and obtained a master of business administration degree in finance and a
     master of science degree in information systems management from the University
     of Akron in 1994. He is a graduate of GE’s Executive Financial Leadership Program
     (EFLP) and a certified Six Sigma black belt.

     Dr. Jijie Gu (顧繼傑), aged 56, serves as Executive Vice President and Chief
     Scientific Officer of WuXi Biologics. Dr. Gu brings more than 20 years of drug
     research and development expertise and extensive management experience to the
     firm. He has significant expertise in target discovery, therapeutic design, protein
     engineering, preclinical drug discovery and early clinical development.

     Prior to joining WuXi Biologics, Dr. Gu served as a function head at AbbVie
     Cambridge Research Center, where he led target validation and lead discovery in
     AbbVie Immunology for both small and large molecule drugs. Before that, he was
     a function head of Oncology Biologics in Global Biologics at AbbVie Bioresearch
     Center.




48   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
            Directors and Senior Management



While at Abbott/AbbVie, Dr. Gu made critical contributions to building antibody
platform technologies. He led the construction of novel biologics platform
technologies, including Fc engineering, ADC technology, TCR technology, bispecific
and multispecific antibody technologies and T cell engagers. He also led projects
in multiple therapeutic areas relating to oncology, immunology, immuno-oncology,
metabolic disease, neuroscience and ophthalmology, and contributed broadly to
AbbVie Biologics portfolio and delivered several New Biological Entities (NBEs) into
clinical development.

Throughout his extensive career, Dr. Gu has co-invented more than 20 filed and
issued U.S. patents and has coauthored 40 publications. He currently serves on the
editorial boards of the peer-reviewed journals mAbs and Antibody Therapeutics.

Dr. Gu obtained his Ph.D. in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from Peking Union
Medical School. He received postdoctoral training in Tumor Immunology at the
Dana Farber Cancer Institute, a principal teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical
School, and in Cancer Cell Biology at the Harvard School of Public Health.

Mr. Jian Dong (董健), aged 58, joined WuXi Biologics in 2014 and has since
been named Senior Vice President of Global Biomanufacturing. In this role, he
oversees global clinical and commercial biologics manufacturing and new facility
development.

Mr. Dong has over 30 years’ experience in bio-pharmaceutical production and
process development. He has extensive experience managing the design,
construction, qualification and operation of new current GMP (cGMP) biologics
manufacturing facilities with 30,000 L bioreactor capacities.

Prior to WuXi Biologics, Mr. Dong served as Deputy Chief Engineer at Shenzhen
Kangtai Biological Products, Senior Process Engineer at Eli Lilly & Co., Vice President
of Manufacturing and Vice President of Quality at Shanghai Celgen and Deputy
General Manager of Unilab Bioscience and Shanghai United Cell Biotechnology, the
subsidiaries of UNILAB.

Mr. Dong obtained his Master’s degree in Biology from Wuhan University in China
and his MBA from Webster University in the United States. He was subsequently
granted a Senior Pharmaceutical Engineer certification by the Personnel
Department of Guangdong Province in 1996.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   49
     Directors and Senior Management



     Dr. Jerry Xu (徐學健), aged 59, is Senior Vice President and Chief Quality Officer
     of WuXi Biologics. Dr. Xu joined the Group in 2011 and oversees the Company’s
     Quality Operations, including Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Global Quality
     Compliance, Regulatory Affairs and the training center.

     Dr. Xu has 28 years’ experience in bio-pharmaceutical quality assurance,
     p r o d u c t i o n m a n a g e m e n t a n d d r u g p r o d u c t d e v e l o p m e n t. P r i o r t o W u X i
     Biologics, Dr. Xu served as U.S. FDA officer, director of product development at
     Pharmaceutics International Inc., Senior Manager of Production Techical Services
     at Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, General Manager at Shanghai Fleecon Biomedical Corp,
     Inc. and senior scientist at Genzyme Corporation.

     Dr. Xu obtained his Ph.D. from Northeastern University in the United States, his
     bachelor’s degree from East China University of Science and Technology.

     Mr. Keqiang (Peter) Shen (沈克強), aged 58, joined the Group in 2012. He led
     multiple teams in Bioprocess Development and Manufacturing business unit as
     Senior Director, Executive Director and Vice President from 2012 to 2020. He
     was appointed as Senior Vice President, Head of China Biomanufacturing in
     2020. In this role, he manages and oversees all the production sites’ operation,
     development of manufacturing platform and late phase clinical and commercial
     biological manufacturing in China.

     Mr. Shen has over 30 years’ experience in biological process development, scale-up
     and manufacturing. Prior to joining WuXi Biologics, Mr. Shen took multiple scientific
     and managerial roles in Nanjing Institute of Biological Pharmaceuticals, DuPont
     Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Centocor Johnson & Johnson Co, and Laureate
     Biopharmaceutical Services, Inc.

     Mr. Shen obtained his Bachelor’s degree in Biopharmaceuticals from China
     Pharmaceutical University in China and Master’s degree in Biology from New
     Mexico State University in the United States.

     Dr. William Aitchison, aged 67, joined the Group in 2020 as Senior Vice President
     of Global Manufacturing. In this capacity he oversees all manufacturing operations
     outside of China.

     Dr. Aitchison has over 30 years of experience in the development and
     manufacturing of vaccines and biopharmaceutical products. Prior to joining WuXi
     Biologics, Dr. Aitchison was Senior Vice President, Technical Operations for TESARO
     (GSK), Senior Vice President Global Manufacturing Operations at Sanofi Genzyme
     and Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing Operations at Sanofi Pasteur.

     Dr. Aitchison obtained his Master’s degree from the University of Toronto School of
     Pharmacy and his PH.D. in Cell Biology from the University of Ottawa, Canada.




50   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Angus Scott Marshall Turner, aged 54, is Senior Vice President of Global
business development and Alliance Management at WuXi Biologics. Mr. Turner,
who joined the Company in 2016, is responsible for business development, strategic
alliances and partnerships.

Prior to joining WuXi Biologics, Mr. Turner served from 2010 to 2016 as Director
of Sales Europe and Asia for Lonza AG, a Swiss supplier of products and services
to the global pharmaceutical, healthcare and life science industries. In addition
to building the sales team there, he oversaw the successful implementation
of sales strategies across all technologies in the contract manufacturing
business unit. Before working at Lonza AG, Mr. Turner was Director of Business
Development Europe and Asia for AppTec Laboratory Services, Inc. with a focus
on biopharmaceutical and medical device testing, as well as biologics-based
manufacturing and related services. Upon the acquisition of AppTec Laboratory
Services, Inc. by WuXi PharmaTech in 2008, Mr. Turner served as Director of
International Biopharmaceutical Business Development for WuXi PharmaTech. Mr.
Turner also worked for Bayer AG for several years in sales and marketing, including
supporting the launch of Kogenate ® FS Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant).

Mr. Turner obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology from Stirling University, a
master’s degree in biotechnology from Strathclyde University and an MBA from
Warwick Business School, with a scholarship to Copenhagen Business School.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   51
     Directors’ Report



     The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited
     consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2021.

     Principal Activities

     The Group is principally engaged in the provision of end-to-end solutions and
     services for biologics discovery, development and manufacturing to customers
     involving in biologics industry.

     A list of the Company’s subsidiaries, together with their places of incorporation,
     principal activities and particulars of their issued shares/paid up capital, is set out
     in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Business Review

     A review of the business of the Group during the year, a discussion and analysis
     on the Group’s future business development and the financial and operational key
     performance indicators employed by the Directors in measuring the performance
     of the Group’s business are set out in the sections headed “Chairman and CEO
     Statement” on pages 4 to 5 of this annual report, “Financial Highlights” on page 6
     of this annual report, and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 41
     of this annual report. The financial risk management objectives and policies of the
     Group are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
     report. Significant events that have an effect on the Group subsequent to the
     financial year ended December 31, 2021 are set out in note 48 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report. All the above sections shall form an
     integral part of this directors’ report.

     Directors

     The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’
     Report were:

     Executive Directors

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

     Non-executive Directors

     Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
     Dr. Ning Zhao (appointed on June 16, 2021)
     Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)
     Mr. Yibing Wu
     Mr. Yanling Cao




52   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. William Robert Keller
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III

Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management

The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the
Company are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on
pages 42 to 51 of this annual report.

Service Contracts of the Directors

Each of the Directors has entered into a three-year service contract with the
Company, subject to termination before expiry by either party giving not less than
three months’ notice in writing to the other.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
service contract with the Company or any member of the Group which is not
determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
(other than statutory compensation).

Remuneration of the Directors and Five Individual with Highest
Emoluments

Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals in the
Group are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.

No Director has waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year
ended December 31, 2021.

Changes in information in respect of Directors

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in Directors’ information
after the publication of the 2021 interim report are set out below:

•   Mr. Yanling Cao ceased to be a non-executive director of Antengene
    Corporation Limited (德琪醫藥有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of
    the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6996), in December 2021.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   53
     Directors’ Report



     •    Mr. Yanling Cao ceased to be an independent non-executive director of JW
          (Cayman) Therapeutics Co. Ltd (藥明巨諾（開曼）有限公司), a company listed on
          the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2126), in December 2021.

     •    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III was appointed as a non-executive director of
          CStone Pharmaceuticals (基石藥業), a company listed on the Main Board of the
          Stock Exchange (stock code: 2616), in December 2021.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no changes in information which are required
     to be disclosed and had not been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a)
     to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

     Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors
     an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent non-executive Directors
     are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

     Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses

     Saved as disclosed in this annual report, as of December 31, 2021, none of the
     Directors or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any
     business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

     Directors’ Interests in Transaction, Arrangement or Contract of
     Significance

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no transaction, arrangement or
     contract of significance subsisted in which a Director or an entity connected with
     a Director was materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, during or at the
     end of the Reporting Period.

     Connected Transactions

     Details on related party transactions for the year ended December 31, 2021 are
     set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. None of the related
     party transactions constitute “connected transactions” or “continuing connected
     transactions” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there was no connected
     transaction of the Group which has to be disclosed in accordance with the Listing
     Rules.




54   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Directors’ Report



Risk Management

The Company believes that sound risk management is essential to the Group’s
efficient and effective operation. The Company’s risk management system assists
the Board in evaluating material risk exposure arising internally and externally from
the Group’s business, including operational risks, financial risks, regulatory risks,
etc. and proactively setting up appropriate risk management and internal control
mechanism which is embedded in daily operation management.

Regulatory Risk

The biologics industry, being a division of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
industry, has experienced drastic changes in recent years. On one hand, the
National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) has introduced certain measures
to improve the standards of the approval of pharmaceutical research and
development and the efficiency of the approval of drug applications, i.e., the
“NMPA Notice No. 126 (2017)” which is the Opinion on Implementing Priority Review
and Approval to Encourage Drug Innovation and the “Notice No. 23 (2018)” which
is the Announcement on Optimizing the Review and Approval of Drug Registration.
On the other hand, while government policies toward the pharmaceutical industry
are expected to remain stable and the government is expected to remain
committed to increasing innovation as well as overall healthcare spending which
is in line with the “Healthy China 2030” goals set by the State Council of the PRC,
it is also observed that the companies of this industry are to comply with more
stringent regulations which is closer to international standards, the punishment
becomes much stricter and supervision and inspection from government will
become more frequent. In 2020, NMPA published the Pharmacopoeia of the
People’s Republic of China (PPRC) which came into effect on December 30, 2020.
All manufactured and marketed drugs should meet the related requirements of the
latest version of PPRC. U.S. FDA and EMA have published a series of regulations
and guidance related to COVID-19 in 2020. In May 2021, U.S. FDA released a report,
“Resiliency Roadmap for U.S. FDA Inspectional Oversight” (“Roadmap”), beginning
in July, U.S. FDA conducted domestic surveillance inspections, investigations,
and sample collections based on consideration of risk and identified U.S. FDA
priorities. To the Group, there are some uncertainties remain since COVID-19
pandemic started in regards to possible delay in pre-license inspection of facilities
outside the U.S. and drug approval application decisions due to travel restrictions.
Furthermore, the relevant regulatory authorities are increasingly conducting
planned or unplanned facility inspections for drug development and production
organizations to ensure that the relevant facilities meet regulatory requirements.
In response to all above, the Group sticks to the strategies of “Innovation” and
“Globalization” to handle the keep-changing regulations. The Group has formed
a dedicated Regulatory Affairs team which comprises professionals with years of
experiences and diversified backgrounds in both domestic and overseas markets.
The team members are responsible for actively following new laws, regulations
and guidelines published by regulatory agencies and promoting improvements in
compliance with such laws, regulations and guidelines.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   55
     Directors’ Report



     Risks related to Global Politics, International Trade and Regulations

     The Group operates globally and as such its operations could be impacted by
     global and regional changes in macro-economic, geopolitical and social conditions,
     and regulatory environments. These external factors are beyond the Group’s
     control and may make it more difficult for the Group to manage its financial
     performance. There are ongoing uncertainties in political conditions and changes
     in regulatory and legal requirements in various countries, specifically in global
     trade systems. Policy decisions and stringent regulations may affect the ease of
     doing business with customers and suppliers, increasing the cost of operations and
     exposing the Group to potential liability. The Group has diversified its geographic
     sources of revenue and profit to reduce its dependency on any single country or
     region. It continuously monitors its external environment, and tracks action plans
     and conducts sensitivity and scenario analysis to position the Group for a better
     outcome. The Group also vigilantly tracks and monitors the developments of
     the political conditions and adapts its strategy to address the shifting dynamics
     in regions and countries. It follows closely legal and regulatory changes, and
     maintains compliance programs.

     Interest Rate Risk

     The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank
     borrowings and fixed-rate pledged bank deposits and lease liabilities. The Group
     is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
     balances and variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group manages its interest
     rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any interest rate
     movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review
     the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within
     reasonable range. In addition, the Group entered into interest rate swaps with
     banks to minimize its exposure to interest rate fluctuation on its variable-rate bank
     borrowings.

     Credit Risk

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which
     will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by
     the counterparties is the carrying amount of the respective recognized financial
     assets as stated in the consolidated statements of financial position. In order
     to minimize the credit risk, the management has designated a team responsible
     for reviewing and monitoring the credit exposure of customers by evaluating
     customers’ credit qualification, strengthening management of customer advance
     payments, monitoring credit records, sending confirmations and initiating collection
     procedures (with involvement of senior management when necessary), to promptly
     recover overdue debts. With more new customers being introduced, and the more
     uncertainties in the future global politics and economics, the management has
     also made efforts to prudently assess credit limits, approve credit term granted
     and other monitoring procedures to monitor the overall risk exposure. In addition,




56   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



the Board considers that the impairment losses under ECL (Expected Credit
Loss) model have been of a more conservative view in credit risk control. The
management has been continuously managing the credit risk through periodic
review and monitoring on the doubtful debts.

The Board is of the view that the credit risk on time deposits, pledged bank
deposits, bank balances and wealth management products is limited because
the majority of the counterparties are state-owned banks with good reputation
or top-tier international banks and financial institutions with good credit rating.
In addition, to regulate the management of surplus fund, the Group has set
up relevant policies and procedures, which clearly state that no speculative
transaction is allowed. Also the criteria for evaluating the available products in
the market are set in the following sequence of priority: safety, liquidity and then
returns. Other requirements like the approved list of financial institutions, the
maximum placement per transaction and the aggregate amount in the individual
financial institution are also clearly defined. With all the above, the Directors
consider the credit risk in relation to time deposits, pledged bank deposits, bank
balances and wealth management products has been significantly reduced.

Currency Risk

Following the “Global Dual Sourcing” manufacturing strategy, it has accelerated
its business expansion around the world. The Group’s entities are exposed to
foreign exchange risks of foreign currencies other than their functional currencies,
primarily with respect to USD and EUR.

During the Reporting Period, the majority of the Group’s revenue was generated
from sales denominated in USD, while the purchase of raw materials, property,
plant and equipment and expenditures were settled in RMB, USD and EUR upon
various business arrangements. Furthermore, the Group had USD and EUR
denominated borrowings to provide financing for the Group’s overseas construction
and operation. At the end of each reporting period, the Group has maintained
foreign currencies denominated monetary assets and liabilities (mainly in USD and
EUR) which expose the Group to foreign currency risks. As a result, the Group’s net
profit margin was impacted when the foreign exchange rates fluctuated, among
USD, RMB and EUR.

The Group seeks to limit its exposure to foreign currency risk by closely monitoring
and minimizing its net foreign currency position. The Group has engaged in a series
of forward contracts to manage its currency risk. Hedge accounting is also adopted
by the Group for derivatives to mitigate the impact on profit or loss due to the
fluctuation in foreign exchange rates.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   57
     Directors’ Report



     Data Privacy and Data Security Risk

     Data privacy and data security are increasingly being included in highly regulatory
     areas. We are required to comply with local, national and international data
     protection and privacy laws, instructions, regulations and guidelines, and
     contractual obligations that are applicable to the collection, use, retention,
     protection, disclosure, transfer, and processing of personal data, in different
     jurisdictions where we operate and carry out business activities. Such data
     protection and privacy laws and regulations are constantly changing, which may
     lead to the continuous strengthening of public supervision and enforcement, the
     escalation of penalties, and the increase of compliance costs.

     Although we have adopted data security policies and measures to protect our
     proprietary data and data privacy, we may still encounter and will continue to
     experience threats to our data and systems, including computer viruses, malicious
     code, phishing, ransomware, hacker attacks, and other cyber security attacks.
     With the diversity of sources and technologies of network attacks, we may not be
     able to predict all types of security threats, or to implement effective preventive
     measures against all security threats. For this reason, the management has paid
     continuous attention to related risks, and will put more resources and investment
     into the relevant areas for continuous management and enhancement.

     COVID-19 Pandemic Impact

     Pandemic is both a standalone business risk and an amplifier of existing
     vulnerabilities. COVID-19 was categorized as a pandemic by the World Health
     Organization in March 2020. While there is some progress toward transition to
     normalcy for some countries, others are still grappling with new waves and new
     variants of the virus as well as continued lockdowns. Despite the lasting effects of
     COVID-19, the group continued to ensure supply continuity and timely delivery to
     our clients. This shows that the Group’s Business Continuity Management system
     — as part of our overall management system — is functioning as intended. The
     scale of the outbreak and the unprecedented containment measures in many
     countries is still evolving and has some uncertainty. The Group continues to
     work closely with customers, employees and suppliers to address the impact of
     the COVID-19 outbreak in order to navigate this crisis period. The Group closely
     monitors evolving situation, changing demand and inventory levels to identify gaps
     in supply and production capacity. It actively anticipates and prepares contingency
     plans to minimize any negative impacts, including leveraging its own global
     manufacturing networks and collaboration with suppliers.




58   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                                         Directors’ Report



Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or its
Associated Corporations

As at December 31, 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and
chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of
the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO; or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code were as follows:

Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                           Percentage
                                                                             Number of                              of
                      Capacity/Nature of             Number                  Underlying      Aggregate Shareholding
Names of Directors    Interest                    of Shares(1)                  Shares        Interest(1)     Interest

Dr. Ge Li             Interests of             650,251,133 (L)(2) (3)                 — 650,251,133 (L)        15.27%
                         controlled
                         corporations
Dr. Ning Zhao         Interest of spouse       650,251,133 (L)(3) (4)                   — 650,251,133 (L)      15.27%
Dr. Zhisheng Chen     Beneficial owner          12,050,988 (L)(5)               4,491,596 119,074,584 (L)       2.80%
                         and founder of a                                       restricted
                         discretionary trust                                  shares (L)(6)
                                                                             102,532,000
                                                                                    share
                                                                             options (L)(7)
Dr. Weichang Zhou     Beneficial owner              47,754 (L)                    996,132 16,132,886 (L)        0.38%
                                                                                restricted
                                                                              shares (L)(6)
                                                                        15,089,000 share
                                                                             options (L)(7)
Mr. William Robert    Beneficial owner               15,307 (L)          2,467 restricted      17,774 (L)       0.00%
   Keller                                                                     shares (L)(6)
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter   Beneficial owner               13,675 (L)          4,934 restricted      18,609 (L)       0.00%
   Kwauk                                                                      shares (L) (6)

Mr. Kenneth Walton    Beneficial owner              40,000 (L)           4,934 restricted      44,934 (L)       0.00%
   Hitchner III                                                               shares (L)(6)

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)   Dr. Ge Li controlled 19.66% of the issued share capital of Biologics Holdings and 55.03%
      of the voting power at its general meetings. Hence, Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested
      in 640,191,133 Shares held by Biologics Holdings.



                                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        59
     Directors’ Report



     (3)   Dr. Ge Li entered into an acting-in-concert agreement dated June 30, 2016 with Dr.
           Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu to acknowledge and confirm their
           acting in-concert relationship in relation to the Company.

     (4)   Dr. Ning Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li and is deemed to be interested in the Shares
           interested by Dr. Ge Li.

     (5)   Among the 12,050,988 Shares, 10,504,254 Shares were held by Dr. Zhisheng Chen
           through a trust of which Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the settlor (founder) and his spouse and
           child are the beneficiaries.

     (6)   Interests in restricted shares granted pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme.

     (7)   Interests in share options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2021, so far as it was known to
     the Directors or chief executive of the Company, none of the Directors or chief
     executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
     Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations as recorded
     in the register required to be kept, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
     Code.

     Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
     Underlying Shares of the Company

     As at December 31, 2021, so far as it was known to the Directors or chief executive
     of the Company, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief
     executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the Shares or
     underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
     under section 336 of the SFO.

     Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                              Percentage of
     Names of                                                             Number of            Shareholding
     Shareholders            Capacity/Nature of Interest                    Shares(1)               Interest

     Dr. Ge Li               Interests of controlled corporations     650,251,133 (L)(2)             15.27%
     Dr. Ning Zhao           Interests of spouse                      650,251,133 (L)(3)(4)          15.27%
     Mr. Zhaohui Zhang       Interests of parties acting in concert   650,251,133 (L)(4)             15.27%
     Mr. Xiaozhong Liu       Interests of parties acting in concert   650,251,133 (L)(4)             15.27%
     Life Science Holdings   Interests of controlled corporations     640,191,133 (L)(5)             15.03%
     Life Science Limited    Interests of controlled corporations     640,191,133 (L)(5)             15.03%
     WuXi PharmaTech         Interests of controlled corporations     640,191,133 (L)(5)             15.03%
     Biologics Holdings      Beneficial owner                         640,191,133 (L)(5)             15.03%
     The Capital Group       Interests of controlled corporations      291,515,252(L)(6)              6.84%
        Companies, Inc.
     BlackRock, Inc.         Interests of controlled corporations     253,862,842 (L)(7)              5.96%
                                                                        1,346,500 (S)(7)              0.03%

60   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                         Directors’ Report



Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares; and the letter “S”
      denotes the person’s short position in the Shares.

(2)   Dr. Ge Li controlled 19.66% of the issued share capital of Biologics Holdings and 55.03%
      of the voting power at its general meetings. Hence, Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested
      in 640,191,133 Shares held by Biologics Holdings.

(3)   Dr. Ning Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li and is deemed to be interested in the Shares
      interested by Dr. Ge Li.

(4)   Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu entered into an
      acting-in-concert agreement on June 30, 2016 to acknowledge and confirm their
      acting-in-concert relationship in relation to the Company. Hence, Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning
      Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu are deemed to be interested in the
      Shares held by each other.

(5)   Life Science Holdings wholly owned Life Science Limited, which wholly owned WuXi
      PharmaTech, which in turn controlled 44.97% of the voting power at general meetings
      of Biologics Holdings. Biologics Holdings directly owned 640,191,133 Shares. Life Science
      Holdings, Life Science Limited and WuXi PharmaTech are deemed to be interested in
      the Shares held by Biologics Holdings.

(6)   The Capital Group Companies, Inc. wholly owned Capital Research and Management
      Company, which wholly owned Capital Group International, Inc., which wholly owned
      Capital International Limited, Capital International Sàrl and Capital International, Inc., in
      aggregate interested in 5,546,300 Shares. Capital Research and Management Company
      is deemed to be interested in 5,546,300 Shares and the 285,968,952 Shares which
      it has direct interest in. Hence, The Capital Group Companies, Inc. is deemed to be
      interested in 291,515,252 Shares, which include 485,248 derivative interests.

(7)   BlackRock Inc. is deemed to be interested in the long position of a total of 253,862,842
      Shares and in the short position of 1,346,500 Shares, including 115,000 derivative
      interests in long position and 1,346,500 derivative interests in short position, indirectly
      through a series of controlled corporations.


Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

The Company adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme pursuant to the
resolutions of its Shareholders passed on January 5, 2016, which was subsequently
amended on August 10, 2016 pursuant to the resolutions of the Board.

The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to attract, retain and motivate
employees, Directors and such other participants of the Group, to provide a means
of compensating them through the grant of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
Scheme for their contribution to the growth and profits of the Group, and to allow
them to participate in the growth and profitability of the Group. Participants of
the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme include: (a) any employee (whether full-time or
part-time) of the Company or its subsidiaries, including any executive Director, (b)
any non-executive Director or independent non-executive Director of the Company


                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   61
     Directors’ Report



     appointed or proposed to be appointed prior to the Listing Date, or any director
     of any of the subsidiaries, and (c) any other person who in the sole opinion of the
     Board, will contribute or have contributed to the Group. No further option would be
     granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on or after the Listing Date. The
     life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is 10 years from the date of adoption. As
     at the date of this annual report, there are no more securities available for grant
     under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     The table below shows details of the movements in the share options granted
     under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                                     Outstanding        Granted     Exercised     Forfeited Outstanding
                                                           as at      during the   during the    during the       as at
     Category of                            Exercise  January 1,      Reporting    Reporting     Reporting December 31,
     Participants         Date of Grant        Price        2021          Period       Period        Period        2021

     Directors
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen   January 7, 2016   USD0.1667    88,200,000            —     3,200,000           —     85,000,000
                         March 15, 2017    USD0.3400    17,532,000            —            —            —     17,532,000

                                                       105,732,000            —     3,200,000           —    102,532,000


     Dr. Weichang Zhou January 7, 2016     USD0.1667     13,596,000           —      1,000,000          —     12,596,000
                       March 15, 2017      USD0.3400      2,493,000           —             —           —      2,493,000

                                                        16,089,000            —     1,000,000           —     15,089,000


     Sub-total                                         121,821,000            —     4,200,000           —    117,621,000

     Employees in
     aggregate
     230 employees       January 7, 2016   USD0.1667     65,241,100           —    30,935,774           —     34,305,326
     24 employees        March 28, 2016    USD0.1667     2,254,075            —       855,350           —      1,398,725
     102 employees       August 10, 2016 USD0.2200       9,433,200            —      1,810,600     187,200     7,435,400
     92 employees        November 11, 2016 USD0.2633     8,508,500            —     3,544,897       28,800     4,934,803
     321 employees       March 15, 2017    USD0.3400    26,275,500            —     3,906,907      760,800    21,607,793
     74 employees        May 12, 2017      USD0.6000      6,331,530           —       632,900           —      5,698,630

     Sub-total                                         118,043,905            —    41,686,428      976,800   75,380,677

     Total                                             239,864,905            —    45,886,428      976,800   193,001,677




62   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                 Directors’ Report



In respect of the share options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted
average closing price at the date of exercise was HK$108.48 and the weighted
average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the
options were exercised was HK$107.89.

In accordance with Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares
issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
(including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period
shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. The exercise price was determined by
the Board, as it thought fit taking into account a participant’s contribution to the
development and growth of the Group.

The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be exercisable
during a period from the vesting date of the option until the expiry of 10 years
from the date of the grant of the option. Details of the terms and movement of
the options granted during the Reporting Period and the impact of options granted
under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on the financial statements are set out in
the Prospectus and under note 43 to the consolidated financial statements in this
annual report.

Restricted Share Award Scheme

The Company has adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme on January 15,
2018 to (i) recognize the contributions by the selected participants; (ii) encourage,
motivate and retain the selected participants, whose contributions are beneficial to
the continual operation, development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii)
provide additional incentive for the selected participants to achieve performance
goals, with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group
and aligning the interests of the selected participants to the shareholders of the
Company through ownership of Shares. The Restricted Share Award Scheme
became effective on January 15, 2018. Subject to earlier termination by the Board,
the Restricted Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of
10 years from the adoption date. The maximum number of shares which can
be awarded under the Restricted Share Award Scheme are limited to 3% (i.e.
104,859,097 Shares, after taking into account the share subdivision which took
effect on November 16, 2020) of the issued share capital of the Company as at the
adoption date.

Pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme, the Board shall select the eligible
participant and determine the number of shares to be awarded.

The Company shall comply with the relevant Listing Rules when granting the
Restricted Shares. If awards are made to the directors or substantial shareholders
of the Group, such awards shall constitute connected transaction under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules and the Company shall comply with the relevant
requirements under the Listing Rules.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   63
     Directors’ Report



     The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the
     Restricted Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                              Outstanding      Granted       Vested     Forfeited Outstanding
                                                    as at    during the   during the   during the       as at
     Category of                               January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,     Vesting
     Participants         Date of Grant              2021        Period       Period       Period        2021      Period

     Directors
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen    June 5, 2019          2,959,500           —        591,900          —      2,367,600    5 years
                          November 12, 2020      1,178,796          —             —           —       1,178,796   5 years
                          June 16, 2021                 —      945,200            —           —        945,200    5 years

                                                4,138,296      945,200      591,900           —     4,491,596          —


     Dr. Weichang Zhou June 5, 2019               473,520           —        94,704           —       378,816     5 years
                       November 12, 2020          353,637           —            —            —       353,637     5 years
                       June 16, 2021                   —       263,679           —            —       263,679     5 years

                                                  827,157      263,679       94,704           —       996,132          —


     Mr. Edward Hu        June 9, 2020             13,680            —        13,680          —              —     1 year
       (Retired on
       June 16, 2021)

                                                   13,680            —       13,680           —              —         —


     Mr. William Robert   June 9, 2020              6,840            —         6,840          —              —     1 year
       Keller
                          June 16, 2021                 —         2,467           —           —          2,467     1 year

                                                    6,840        2,467        6,840           —         2,467          —


     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter June 9, 2020              13,680            —        13,680          —              —     1 year
       Kwauk
                         June 16, 2021                  —         4,934           —           —          4,934     1 year

                                                   13,680        4,934       13,680           —         4,934          —


     Mr. Kenneth Walton June 16, 2021                   —         4,934           —           —          4,934     1 year
       Hitchner III

                                                        —        4,934            —           —         4,934          —


     Sub-total                                  4,999,653     1,221,214     720,804           —     5,500,063

64   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                                     Directors’ Report



                                     Outstanding      Granted          Vested     Forfeited Outstanding
                                           as at    during the      during the   during the       as at
Category of                           January 1,    Reporting       Reporting    Reporting December 31,      Vesting
Participants     Date of Grant              2021        Period          Period       Period        2021       Period

Employees in
aggregate
259 employees    January 15, 2018      5,066,760             —       1,266,690     671,292      3,128,778    5 years
540 employees    March 20, 2018        3,554,628             —         883,515     214,086      2,457,027    5 years
170 employees    June 13, 2018          1,254,174            —         308,613      58,920         886,641   5 years
202 employees    August 21, 2018       2,727,846             —         664,425     134,364      1,929,057    5 years
124 employees    November 20, 2018      1,941,925            —         469,361     136,042      1,336,522    5 years
6 employees      March 19, 2019           137,910            —          27,580           —         110,330   5 years
846 employees    June 5, 2019           9,113,784            —       1,787,584     544,351      6,781,849    5 years
335 employees    August 20, 2019       4,212,252             —         808,304     255,804       3,148,144   5 years
67 employees     November 20, 2019     1,293,948             —         246,799      77,343        969,806    5 years
383 employees    March 27, 2020        4,892,280             —              —      415,302      4,476,978    5 years
77 employees     June 9, 2020          1,830,762             —              —       55,077      1,775,685    5 years
126 employees    August 18, 2020        1,799,517            —              —       218,601      1,580,916   5 years
1391 employees   November 12, 2020     4,827,270             —              —      387,558      4,439,712    5 years
1617 employees   March 24, 2021                —      4,736,220         22,408     231,436      4,482,376    5 years
3 employees      June 16, 2021                 —        271,927             —            —         271,927   5 years
1752 employees   June 17, 2021                 —     13,128,486             —      593,610     12,534,876    5 years
745 employees    August 24, 2021               —      4,869,545             —      286,124      4,583,421    5 years
486 employees    November 23, 2021             —      3,944,640             —        97,871     3,846,769    5 years

Sub-total                             42,653,056    26,950,818      6,485,279    4,377,781    58,740,814

Total                                 47,652,709    28,172,032      7,206,083    4,377,781    64,240,877

Details of the purpose, terms and movement of the Restricted Shares granted
under the Restricted Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out
in the Company’s announcements dated March 24, 2021, June 17, 2021, August
24, 2021 and November 23, 2021 and under note 43 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report. For more details of the Restricted Share Award
Scheme, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated January 15, 2018
and January 18, 2018.




                                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021      65
     Directors’ Report



     SHARE AWARD SCHEME FOR GLOBAL PARTNER PROGRAM

     The Company has adopted the Global Partner Program Share Scheme on June
     16, 2021 to further reward and incentivize the Group’s top employees and attract
     key talents to ensure the continuous business development and growth of the
     Company. The Global Partner Program Share Scheme became effective on June 16,
     2021. Subject to earlier termination by the Board, the Global Partner Program Share
     Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the adoption
     date. The maximum number of shares which can be awarded under the Global
     Partner Program Share Scheme are limited to 3% (i.e. 126,982,689 Shares) of the
     issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption date.

     Pursuant to the Global Partner Program Share Scheme, the Board shall select the
     eligible participant and determine the number of shares to be awarded.

     The Company shall comply with the relevant Listing Rules when granting the
     Restricted Shares. If awards are made to the directors or substantial shareholders
     of the Group, such awards shall constitute connected transaction under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules and the Company shall comply with the relevant
     requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the Global
     Partner Program Share Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                         Outstanding     Granted       Vested     Forfeited Outstanding
                                               as at   during the   during the   during the       as at
     Category of                          January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,    Vesting
     Participants    Date of Grant              2021       Period       Period       Period        2021     Period

     Employees in
     aggregate
     198 employees   November 23, 2021            —     2,723,830           —           —      2,723,830   2 years

     Total                                        —     2,723,830           —           —      2,723,830

     Details of the purpose, terms and movement of the Restricted Shares under the
     Global Partner Program Share Scheme granted during the Reporting Period are
     set out in the Company’s announcement dated November 23, 2021 and under
     note 43 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. For more
     details of the Global Partner Program Share Scheme, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated June 16, 2021.




66   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



WUXI VACCINES SHARE OPTION SCHEME

WuXi Vaccines, a subsidiary of the Company, adopted the WuXi Vaccines Share
Option Scheme pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders passed on
November 23, 2021, which shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
commencing from the adoption date.

The purposes of the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme are to enable WuXi
Vaccines to grant share options of WuXi Vaccines to the eligible participants as
incentives or rewards for their contribution to WuXi Vaccines and its subsidiaries
(the “WuXi Vaccines Group”) so as to enable the WuXi Vaccines Group to recruit
and retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that are valuable
to the WuXi Vaccines Group.

Eligible participants for the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme include any
full-time or part-time employees, executives, officers or directors of the WuXi
Vaccines Group, who have contribution to the business development and growth
of the WuXi Vaccines Group. The maximum number of shares of WuXi Vaccines
in respect of which share options may be granted under the WuXi Vaccines Share
Option Scheme was 100,000,000 shares of WuXi Vaccines (the “WuXi Vaccines
Shares”), representing 10% of the issued share capital of WuXi Vaccines as at the
date of this annual report. Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number
of WuXi Vaccines Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the share
options granted to each eligible participant (including both exercised, cancelled
and outstanding share options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
WuXi Vaccines Shares in issue. Save as determined by the board of WuXi Vaccines
(the “WuXi Vaccines Board”) and provided in the offer to a grantee, the WuXi
Vaccines Share Option Scheme does not specify that the share options must be
subject to any performance target and does not prescribe any specific minimum
period for which a share option must be held before it can be exercised.

The exercise price of share options payable by any grantee shall, subject to the
adjustment in the event of any capitalization issue, rights issue, sub-division or
consolidation of shares or reduction of capital of WuXi Vaccines, be in such amount
as determined by the WuXi Vaccines Board at its absolute discretion to be fair and
reasonable on a case by case basis, after taking into account, among other things,
the business performance of WuXi Vaccines, individual performance of the relevant
grantee as well as the net asset value of WuXi Vaccines as shown in its latest
available management accounts, provided that in the event that WuXi Vaccines
resolves to seek a separate listing of its shares on the Stock Exchange, the
exercise price of any share option granted after such resolution up to the listing
date of WuXi Vaccines shall not be lower than the new issue price (if any); and in
particular, any share options granted during the period commencing six months
before the lodgment of the listing application and up to the listing date of WuXi
Vaccines shall not be lower than the new issue price. A consideration of HK$1.00
is payable on or before the acceptance of the grant of share options. The period
within which the WuXi Vaccines Shares must be taken up under a share option is
10 years.

No share options under the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme had been
granted, exercised, cancelled and lapsed during the Reporting Period.

                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   67
     Directors’ Report



     WUXI XDC SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     WuXi XDC, a subsidiary of the Company, adopted the WuXi XDC Share Option
     Scheme pursuant to the resolutions of the Shareholders passed on November 23,
     2021, which shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from
     the adoption date.

     The purposes of the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme are to enable WuXi XDC
     to grant share options of WuXi XDC to the eligible participants as incentives or
     rewards for their contribution to WuXi XDC and its subsidiaries (the “WuXi XDC
     Group”) so as to enable the WuXi XDC Group to recruit and retain high-calibre
     employees and attract human resources that are valuable to the WuXi XDC Group.

     Eligible participants for the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme include any full-time or
     part-time employees, executives, officers or directors of the WuXi XDC Group, who
     have contribution to the business development and growth of the WuXi XDC Group.
     The maximum number of shares of WuXi XDC in respect of which share options
     may be granted under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme was 100,000,000
     shares of WuXi XDC (the “WuXi XDC Shares”), representing 10% of the issued
     share capital of WuXi XDC as at the date of this annual report. Unless approved
     by the Shareholders, the total number of WuXi XDC Shares issued and to be issued
     upon exercise of the share options granted to each eligible participant (including
     both exercised, cancelled and outstanding share options) in any 12-month period
     shall not exceed 1% of the WuXi XDC Shares in issue. Save as determined by
     the board of WuXi XDC (the “WuXi XDC Board”) and provided in the offer to
     a grantee, the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme does not specify that the share
     options must be subject to any performance target and does not prescribe any
     specific minimum period for which a share option must be held before it can be
     exercised.

     The exercise price of share options payable by any grantee shall, subject to the
     adjustment in the event of any capitalization issue, rights issue, sub-division or
     consolidation of shares or reduction of capital of WuXi XDC, be in such amount
     as determined by the WuXi XDC Board at its absolute discretion to be fair and
     reasonable on a case by case basis, after taking into account, among other things,
     the business performance of WuXi XDC, individual performance of the relevant
     grantee as well as the net asset value of WuXi XDC as shown in its latest available
     management accounts, provided that in the event that WuXi XDC resolves to
     seek a separate listing of its shares on the Stock Exchange, the exercise price of
     any share option granted after such resolution up to the listing date of WuXi XDC
     shall not be lower than the new issue price (if any); and in particular, any share
     options granted during the period commencing six months before the lodgment of
     the listing application and up to the listing date of WuXi XDC shall not be lower
     than the new issue price. A consideration of HK$1.00 is payable on or before the
     acceptance of the grant of share options. The period within which the WuXi XDC
     Shares must be taken up under a share option is 10 years.

     No share options under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme had been granted,
     exercised, cancelled and lapsed during the Reporting Period.




68   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



Major Customers and Suppliers

Major Customers

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group’s sales to its five largest
customers accounted for 36.4%, as compared to 30.0% of the Group’s total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the Group’s sales to the
largest customer accounted for 14.8%, as compared to 7.2% of the Group’s total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Major Suppliers

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted
for 46.5%, as compared to 65.6% of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended
December 31, 2020. The Group’s single largest supplier accounted for 18.3%, as
compared to 24.3% of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended December
31, 2020.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, none of the Directors or any of their
close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any
interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.

Relationship with Employees, Suppliers and Customers

The Group recognises that employees, suppliers and customers are key to the
Group’s success. The Group actively maintains a good relationship with employees,
suppliers and customers. There was no material and significant dispute between
the Group and its employees, suppliers and/or customers during the Reporting
Period.

Management Contracts

During the Reporting Period, the Company has not entered into any contract with
any individuals, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the whole or any
substantial part of any business of the Group.

Directors’ Permitted Indemnity Provision

Each Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified
out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may
sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise
in relation thereto in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Company
has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for
the Directors and officers of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2021,
which is still in force.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   69
     Directors’ Report



     Results and Dividends

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 101 of this
     annual report. The Board does not recommended any payment of final dividend for
     the year ended December 31, 2021.

     Share Capital

     Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period
     are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
     report.

     Reserves

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the
     year are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 46 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders
     as at December 31, 2021 are set out in note 46 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this annual report.

     Donations

     During the Reporting Period, charitable and other donations made by the Group
     amounted to RMB12,112,000 (2020: RMB2,293,000).

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Details of movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the
     Reporting Period are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in
     this annual report.

     Use of Net Proceeds from Placing

     On October 31, 2019, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the
     Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which
     the Placing Agent agreed to place 46,500,000 shares (or, failing which, to
     purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six
     independent investors (the “Second Placing”). The Second Placing price was
     HK$85.00 per share.




70   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                                                   Directors’ Report



The net proceeds from the Second Placing were approximately RMB3,512.2 million,
which have been used for the expansion of the Group, including the capital
requirements to support its development of vaccines and microbial based products
as well as continuous global capacity expansion, as disclosed in the announcement
of the Company dated November 1, 2019. By the end of June 2021, the net
proceeds have been fully utilized.

On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the Placing
Agent, pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 45,000,000 shares (or,
failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not
less than six independent investors (the “Third Placing”). The Third Placing price
was HK$137.00 per share.

The net proceeds from the Third Placing were approximately RMB5,545.8 million,
which will be used for continuous global capacity expansion of the Group,
including the construction of commercial manufacturing facilities in the United
States for projects involving COVID-19 treatments and other related CDMO
projects, acquisition of manufacturing facilities outside of the PRC and
development of microbial facilities in the PRC, as well as for general corporate
purposes of the Group, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated
June 30, 2020. The table below sets out the planned applications of the net
proceeds and actual usage up to December 31, 2021:

                                                                                                                              Expected
                                                                                               Net proceeds Unutilized net timeline for
                                                                                      Actual        brought     proceeds utilizing the
                                                                   Percentage usage up to forward for                as at   remaining
                                                       Planned     of total net December 31, the Reporting December 31, unutilized net
Use of proceeds                                    applications      proceeds          2021           Period         2021   proceeds(1)
                                                   (RMB million)                 (RMB million) (RMB million) (RMB million)


To construct commercial manufacturing
    facilities in the United States for projects
    involving COVID-19 treatments and other
    related CDMO projects, acquisition of
    manufacturing facilities outside of the PRC
    and development of microbial facilities in
    the PRC, as well as for general corporate                                                                                By the end
    purposes                                            5,545.8          100%        4,506.9        5,545.8       1,038.9       of 2022

Note:

(1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best
         estimation of the future market conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to
         change based on the current and future development of market conditions.




                                                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021           71
     Directors’ Report



     On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the
     Placing Agent, pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 118,000,000
     shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten
     basis to not less than six independent investors (the “Fourth Placing”). The Fourth
     Placing price was HK$112.00 per share. The net price per Fourth Placing share was
     approximately HK$111.20. The closing price was HK$120.40 per share as quoted on
     the Stock Exchange on the date of the placing agreement.

     The net proceeds from the Fourth Placing were approximately HK$13,121.24 million,
     which will be used in the following manner: (i) approximately 40% will be used for
     merger and acquisition of additional capacities for drug substances/drug products
     (DS/DP) manufacturing to match a rapidly growing pipeline; (ii) approximately 40%
     will be used for building-up of additional large scale manufacturing capacities for
     various technology platforms, including microbial and mammalian platforms; (iii)
     approximately 10% will be used for investment in mRNA (messenger RNA) related
     technologies to further enable its global clients; and (iv) approximately 10% shall
     be used for general corporate purposes of the Group. The table below sets out the
     planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31,
     2021:

                                                                                                                                  Expected
                                                                                                   Net proceeds Unutilized net timeline for
                                                                                          Actual        brought     proceeds utilizing the
                                                                       Percentage usage up to forward for                as at   remaining
                                                           Planned     of total net December 31, the Reporting December 31, unutilized net
     Use of proceeds                                   applications      proceeds          2021           Period         2021   proceeds(1)
                                                       (RMB million)                 (RMB million) (RMB million) (RMB million)


     Merger and acquisition of additional capacities
         for drug substances/drug products (DS/DP)                                                                               By the end of
         manufacturing                                      4,359.6          40%          3,162.1           —          1,197.5           2023
     Building-up of additional large scale
         manufacturing capacities for various
         technology platforms, including microbial                                                                               By the end of
         and mammalian platforms                            4,359.6          40%              —             —         4,359.6            2023
     Investment in mRNA related                                                                                                  By the end of
         technologies                                        1,089.9          10%             —             —         1,089.9            2023
     General corporate purposes of the Group                 1,089.9          10%        1,089.9            —              —              N/A

     Total                                                  10,899.0         100%        4,252.0            —         6,647.0

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeline for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best
             estimation of the future market conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to
             change based on the current and future development of market conditions.



72   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company

During the Reporting Period, the Company had repurchased, a total of 34,622,500
Shares on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate purchase price of approximately
HK$3,077.53 million. As of the date of this annual report, the repurchased Shares
had been cancelled by the Company.

The financial position of the Company is solid and healthy. The Company believes
the share repurchase and subsequent cancellation of the repurchased Shares can
enhance the value of the Shares thereby improving the return to Shareholders of
the Company. In addition, the share repurchase reflects the confidence of the
Company in its business development and the strong growth prospects. The
Company believes that the share repurchase is in the interests of the Company
and its Shareholders as a whole.

Details of the share repurchased during the year ended December 31, 2021 are set
out as follows:

                          Number of Shares
                            repurchased on                                  Aggregate
                                  the Stock    Price per Share               purchase
Date of repurchases               Exchange           paid                        price
                                               Highest Lowest
                                                 (HK$)    (HK$)            (HK$ million)

December 16, 2021 to
  December 31, 2021               34,622,500      94.35        85.90           3,077.53

Save as the aforesaid repurchases of shares, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed
securities during the Reporting Period.

Arrangement to Purchase Shares or Debentures

Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year ended
December 31, 2021 did the Company or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries
or fellow subsidiaries a part to any arrangements that would enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the
Company or any other body corporate.

Equity-Linked Agreements

Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme as disclosed on pages 61 to 63 of this
annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or
existed during the Reporting Period.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   73
     Directors’ Report



     AGM and Closure of Register of Members

     The AGM will be held on Friday, June 10, 2022. A notice convening the AGM is
     expected to be published and despatched to the Shareholders in due course in
     accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     For determining the qualification as members of the Company to attend and vote
     at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday,
     June 7, 2022 to Friday, June 10, 2022, both dates inclusive, during which period
     no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and
     vote at the AGM, non-registered holders of Shares shall ensure that all transfer
     documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
     the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
     at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration
     not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, June 6, 2022.

     Corporate Governance

     A report on the principle corporate governance practices adopted by the Company
     is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 76 to 94 of this annual
     report.

     Compliance with the Relevant Laws and Regulations

     For the Reporting Period, the Company is in compliance with the relevant laws and
     regulations that have a significant impact on the Company.

     Sufficiency of Public Float

     Based on information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the
     Directors, the Company maintained the prescribed public float as required under
     the Listing Rules from the Listing Date to the latest practicable date prior to the
     issue of this annual report.

     Tax Relief and Exemption

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the
     Shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s listed securities.




74   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                Directors’ Report



Pre-emptive Rights

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or
the relevant laws of the Cayman Islands where the Company is incorporated which
would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
Shareholders.

Auditor

The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2021. A resolution will be proposed for
approval by Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Ge Li
Chairman
Hong Kong, March 22, 2022




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   75
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year
     ended December 31, 2021.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards.

     The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in
     providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders,
     enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
     enhance its transparency and accountability.

     In December 2021, the Stock Exchange has announced amendments to the CG
     Code as contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The new requirements
     under the CG Code will apply to corporate governance reports of listed issuers for
     financial year commencing on or after January 1, 2022. Throughout the year ended
     December 31, 2021, the Company has adopted the principles and code provisions
     of the CG Code contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules as set out in the CG
     Code applicable for the financial year under review (the “then CG Code”) as the
     basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

     The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable
     code provisions as set out in the then CG Code throughout the Reporting Period.
     The Board will review the corporate governance structure and practices from
     time to time and shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers
     appropriate.

     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

     The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines on terms no less exacting than
     the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
     conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors.

     Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the Directors have
     confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Written Guidelines
     throughout the Reporting Period.

     The Company has also established the Guidelines for Securities Transactions by
     Employees (the “Employees’ Written Guidelines”) on terms no less exacting than
     the Model Code for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
     possession of inside information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of
     the Employees’ Written Guidelines by the employees was noted by the Company.




76   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                       Corporate Governance Report



BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board oversees the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and performance
and should take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board should regularly review the contribution required of a Director to
perform his/her responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is
spending sufficient time in performing them.

The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

Executive Directors

Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

Non-executive Directors

Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
Dr. Ning Zhao
Mr. Yibing Wu
Mr. Yanling Cao

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. William Robert Keller
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III

The biographical information of the Directors are set out in the section headed
“Directors and Senior Management” on pages 42 to 47 of this annual report.

Except for Dr. Ge Li is the spouse of Dr. Ning Zhao, the Directors do not have
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with one
another.

Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records

Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active
participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a
majority of Directors.

Code provision of the then CG Code requires that the Chairman of the Board should
at least annually hold meetings with independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other directors. Arrangements have been made for compliance
with the code provision and one meeting was held during the Reporting Period.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   77
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Board held six meetings and the Directors’
     attendance records are as follows:

     Name of Directors                                                     Attendance

     Dr. Ge Li                                                                       6/6
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                               6/6
     Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                               6/6
     Dr. Ning Zhao (appointed on June 16, 2021)                                      2/2
     Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)                                        4/4
     Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                   6/6
     Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                 5/6
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                       6/6
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                       6/6
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                 6/6

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Dr. Ge Li and Dr.
     Zhisheng Chen respectively. The Chairman provides leadership and is responsible
     for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board as well as provides overall
     guidance on the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group.
     The Chief Executive Officer focuses on the overall management of the business,
     strategy and corporate development of the Group.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of
     the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent
     non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one of whom
     possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
     financial management expertise.

     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the
     independent non-executive Directors in respect of his independence in accordance
     with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
     The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are
     independent.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a director’s service agreement for a specific
     term of three years, which is renewable by mutual consent and subject to the
     Articles of Association of the Company.

     Every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject
     to retirement and re-election by rotation at least once every three years at the
     annual general meetings of the Company under the Articles of Association of the
     Company.


78   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                     Corporate Governance Report



The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to
fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall be subject to election by
shareholders at the next following general meeting of the Company.

Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and
Management

The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company;
and is collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides
direction to management by laying down strategies and overseeing their
implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, and
ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high
standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the
Board for bringing effective independent judgment on corporate actions and
operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company
and may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the
Company.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters,
strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management, material
transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters
of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board,
directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company
are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to
effectively perform their responsibilities and to ensure that they remain informed
and relevant for their contribution to the Board.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   79
     Corporate Governance Report



     Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored
     induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate
     understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness
     of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant
     statutory requirements. Besides, meetings with senior management of the
     Company will also be arranged.

     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development
     to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings
     for Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be
     provided to Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend
     relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company organized training sessions conducted
     by the legal advisers and compliance consultants for all Directors. The training
     sessions covered a wide range of relevant topics including Directors’ duties and
     responsibilities and Listing Rules update. In addition, relevant reading materials
     including legal and regulatory updates have been provided to the directors for their
     reference and studying.

     The training records of the Directors for the Reporting Period are summarized as
     follows:

     Directors                                                     Type of TrainingNote

     Executive Directors
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                            A&B
     Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                            A&B

     Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Ge Li                                                                    A&B
     Dr. Ning Zhao (appointed on June 16, 2021)                                   A&B
     Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)                                      B
     Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                A&B
     Mr. Yanling Cao                                                              A&B

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                    A&B
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                    A&B
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                              A&B

     Note:

     Types of Training

     A:   Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars,
          conferences and/or workshops

     B:   Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and/or relevant
          publications



80   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                      Corporate Governance Report



BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established five committees, namely, the Audit Committee,
Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Strategy Committee, and
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee for overseeing particular aspects
of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established
with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and
duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee
and Nomination Committee are posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX
and are available to shareholders upon request.

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, Mr. William Robert Keller and Mr. Kenneth
Walton Hitchner III, with Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk as its chairman.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than
those set out in the then CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are
to assist the Board in reviewing the Company’s financial information, overseeing
the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control
systems, reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the internal audit
function, scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, reviewing the
arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns about
possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
Company, and managing business ethics and anti-corruption issues and ensuring
that they comply with applicable laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and
international standards.

The Audit Committee is also responsible for performing the functions set out in
code provision of the then CG Code. These include developing and reviewing
the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
recommendations to the Board; reviewing and monitoring the training and
continuous professional development of directors and senior management of
the Company; reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices
on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; developing, reviewing
and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable
to employees and directors of the Company; and reviewing the Company’s
compliance with the then CG Code from time to time adopted by the Company
and the disclosure in the corporate governance report to be contained in the
Company’s annual report.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   81
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings to review
     and consider annual financial results and report, Corporate Governance Report
     and Environmental, Social and Governance Report in respect of the year ended
     December 31, 2020, the interim financial results and report in respect of the six
     months ended June 30, 2021, and significant issues on the financial reporting,
     operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness of the risk management
     and internal control systems and internal audit function, appointment of external
     auditors and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works,
     connected transactions, review and consider the reported case and investigation
     progress in accordance with the Whistleblowing & Investigation Policy, and
     evaluate and assess the adequacy of the terms of reference of the Audit
     Committee.

     The Audit Committee also met the external auditors once during the Reporting
     Period without the presence of the executive Directors and the management.

     The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

     Name of Members of the Audit Committee                                Attendance

     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                       4/4
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                       4/4
     Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)                                        2/2
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III (appointed as a member of
      the Audit Committee on June 16, 2021)                                          2/2

     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors
     and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. William Robert Keller, Dr. Ning Zhao
     and Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III, with Mr. William Robert Keller as its chairman.

     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting
     terms than those set out in the then CG Code. The primary functions of the
     Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive directors and senior management,
     the remuneration policy and structure for all directors and senior management,
     establishing a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration
     policy and ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding
     his own remuneration.

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held four meetings to
     review and make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration policy and
     structure of the Company, the remuneration packages of the executive Directors
     and senior management, evaluate and assess the adequacy of the terms of
     reference of the Remuneration Committee and other related matters as well
     as consider and make recommendation to the Board on key terms of the new
     director’s service agreement entered with the newly appointed non-executive
     Director and the grant of restricted shares under the restricted share award
     scheme.

82   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                    Corporate Governance Report



Pursuant to code provision of the then CG Code, details of the remuneration of the
senior management (other than Directors) by bands for the year ended December
31, 2021 is as follows:

                                                                            Number of
                                                                            employees

HK$20,000,001 to HK$30,000,000                                                           1
HK$10,000,001 to HK$20,000,000                                                           1
HK$5,000,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                            3
HK$2,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                             2

The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as
follows:

Name of Members of the Remuneration Committee                             Attendance

Mr. William Robert Keller                                                             4/4
Dr. Ning Zhao (appointed on June 16, 2021)                                            2/2
Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)                                              2/2
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                       4/4

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee consists of one non-executive Director and two
independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Ge Li, Mr. William Robert Keller
and Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, with Dr. Ge Li as its chairman.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms
than those set out in the then CG Code. The principal duties of the Nomination
Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the
skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board, identifying individuals suitably
qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendation
to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorship, making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment and
succession planning of Directors, and assessing the independence of independent
non-executive Directors.

In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into
account various aspects as well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out
in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss
and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where
necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   83
     Corporate Governance Report



     In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination
     Committee would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the
     Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate
     strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making
     recommendation to the Board.

     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met once to review the
     structure, size and composition of the Board, to consider the qualifications of the
     retiring directors standing for election at the 2021 annual general meeting, to
     consider and recommend the Board on the election as new non-executive Director
     at the 2021 annual general meeting to enhance steps towards increasing gender
     diversity of the Board’s composition of members, and evaluate and assess the
     adequacy of the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

     The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as
     follows:

     Name of Members of the Nomination Committee                           Attendance

     Dr. Ge Li                                                                       1/1
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                       1/1
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                       1/1

     Board Diversity Policy

     The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to
     achieve diversity on the Board and is available on the website of the Company.
     The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
     sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining
     the Company’s competitive advantage.

     In accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, a truly diverse Board will include
     and make good use of differences in the skills, regional and industry experience,
     background, race, gender and other qualities of directors. These differences will be
     taken into account in determining the optimum composition of the Board. All Board
     appointments will be based on merit while taking into account diversity (including
     gender diversity).

     The Company aims to build and maintain a Board with a diversity of Directors,
     in terms of skills, professional experience, educational background, knowledge,
     expertise, culture, independence, age and gender.




84   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                        Corporate Governance Report



The Board will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board
Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their
appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those
objectives.

At present, the Nomination Committee considered that the Board is sufficiently
diverse and the Board has not set any measurable objectives.

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the corporate governance report
contained in the Company’s annual report, on the Board’s composition under
diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity
Policy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to
ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that
may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration
and approval.

The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board:

 GęðµÂĈ øÍ ×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ

 ǎ
                       %Âð©êÂ
       /ò½ÂĄÂò½Âòē                ǋǊʍǌǉ
 Ǎ
           òøòʍ                                   ǎʍǆǇ
         ÂįÂ·ęē×ĩÂ
 ǌ       ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ
                                                                    YÔȒȒ         YÔ©Ĉð©·Âęē×·©ê
                                                                    ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
 ǋ

 Ǌ                                ǊǊʍǋǉ
          Gøòʍ
                                                  ǈʍǋ
 ǉ      ÂįÂ·ęē×ĩÂ      E©êÂ
        ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ                                                ?×·Âòē×©ēÂʡČ
                                                                    ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
 ǈ
                                                                  E©ČēÂĈʡČ          /òĩÂČēðÂòē
                                                                  ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
 Ǉ                                ǉǊʍǊǉ

        įÂ·ęē×ĩÂ                               êÂČČ ēÔ©ò        ©·ÔÂêøĈʡČ
 ǆ                                               ǈ İÂ©ĈČ          ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
        ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ                                                                   %×ò©ò·Â ·
                                  ǈǊʍǉǉ                                            ··øęòē×òÏ
 ǅ
      ÂČ×Ïò©ē×øò      'Âò½ÂĈ   ÏÂ'ĈøęĄ   ?ÂòÏēÔ øÍ aÂĈĩ×·Â   ½ę·©ē×øò©ê     /ò½ęČēĈİ įĄÂĈ×Âò·Â
                                                                ©·çÏĈøęò½




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        85
     Corporate Governance Report



     Director Nomination Policy

     The Board has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the approach
     to guide the Nomination Committee in relation to the selection, appointment
     and re-appointment of the Directors and ensure that the Board has a balance
     of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
     requirements of the Company’s business.

     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for the selection of a proposed
     candidate, including but not limited to the following:

     •    Diversity required for the operation of the Company;

     •    Commitment for responsibilities of the Board in respect of available time and
          relevant interest;

     •    Skills, qualification and experiences;

     •    Independence from the Company and its subsidiaries;

     •    Reputation for integrity;

     •    Potential contributions that the individual(s) can bring to the Board; and

     •    Plan(s) in place for the orderly succession of the Board.

     The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the criteria for evaluation and
     recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of retiring Director(s) and
     the position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors, and the process and
     procedures for the nomination of Directors.

     During the Reporting Period, there was change in the composition of the Board.

     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as
     appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

     Strategy Committee

     The Strategy Committee consists of one executive Director and two non-executive
     Directors, namely Dr. Zhisheng Chen, Dr. Ge Li and Mr. Yibing Wu, with Dr.
     Zhisheng Chen as its chairman.

     The principal duties of the Strategy Committee include conducting research and
     making recommendations to the Board on the Group’s mid-term and long-term
     strategies and their feasibility, conducting research and making recommendations
     to the Board on the Group’s investment plans, major business decisions and
     investment earnings forecast and evaluating and monitoring the implementation of
     the strategy, plans and measures adopted by the Strategy Committee.



86   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                     Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee met once to review and
consider the implementation of the “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategy, global
footprint and mergers and acquisitions strategy.

The attendance records of the members of the Strategy Committee are as follows:

Name of Members of the Strategy Committee                                 Attendance

Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                      1/1
Dr. Ge Li                                                                              1/1
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                          1/1

Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG Committee”) was
established on March 23, 2021. The ESG Committee consists of one executive
Director, one non-executive Director and two independent non-executive Directors,
namely Dr. Zhisheng Chen, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III and Mr.
William Robert Keller, with Dr. Zhisheng Chen as its chairman.

The principal duties of the ESG Committee include but not limited to:

•   guiding and formulating the Group’s environmental, social and governance
    (“ESG”) vision, objectives, strategies and structure to ensure that they are in
    line with the needs of the Group and comply with applicable laws, regulations,
    regulatory requirements and international standards;

•   monitoring the development and implementation of the Group’s ESG vision,
    strategies, policies and governance structure;

•   guiding and reviewing the identification and ranking of important ESG issues
    and assessing ESG targets of the Group on an annual basis;

•   reviewing the key ESG trends and related risks and opportunities, and
    assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s ESG strategies,
    policies, action plans, and governance structure accordingly on a regular basis;

•   monitoring the channels and means of communication with the Group’s
    stakeholders and ensuring that the relevant policies are in place to effectively
    promote the relationship between the Group and its stakeholders and protect
    the Group’s reputation; and

•   reviewing and approving the Company’s ESG report and other ESG related
    disclosures, making recommendations and reporting on ESG progresses to the
    Board, so as to promote the continuous improvement of the ESG performance
    of the Group.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   87
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee met once to make
     recommendations to the Board in order to maintain the integrity of the ESG report
     and other ESG related disclosures and to discuss the challenges in ESG practice
     and next action plan.

     The attendance records of the members of the ESG Committee are as follows:

     Name of Members of the ESG Committee                                  Attendance

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                             1/1
     Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                 1/1
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                               1/1
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                     1/1

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal
     control systems and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
     and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.

     The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature
     and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Group’s strategic
     objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk
     management and internal control systems.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing
     the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal
     control systems.

     The Company has developed its risk management policy to:

     •    Support effective decision-making that is guided by the Group’s mission and
          vision;

     •    Ensure a consistent and effective approach to risk management;

     •    Formalize its commitment to the principles of risk management and
          incorporate them into all areas of the Group;

     •    Foster and encourage a risk-aware culture where risk management is seen as
          a positive attribute of decision-making rather than a corrective measure;

     •    Align the Group’s planning, compliance and risk management systems, and
          their integration into all areas of the Group’s operations; and




88   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                    Corporate Governance Report



•   Ensure robust operational and corporate governance practices to effectively
    manage risk while allowing innovation and sustainable growth.

The Company is committed to excellence and continual improvement, and will
continue to encourage innovation while maintaining a low-risk profile. Employees
are encouraged to adopt a positive approach to risk management, which further
strengthens the risk-aware culture (as opposed to risk-adverse culture) of the
Group.

Risk management is incorporated into the strategic and operational processes at
all levels within the Group in order to minimize the impact of risk.

Opportunities and risks are identified and are proactively assessed and monitored
by employees on an on-going basis.

The Group’s approach to risk management, is aligned with COSO Enterprise Risk
Management Framework-Aligning Risk with Strategy and Performance.

In order to formalize risk management across the Group and in order to set a
common level of transparency and risk management performance, a number
of requirements have been defined for the business units. Divisions, business
units and group functions of the Group are obliged to address the following
requirements with regard to risk management:

•   Develop and review, at least annually, a statement on the risk tolerance of the
    Group;

•   Conduct a formalized risk assessment at least annually either in the form of
    risk assessment questionnaire or risk assessment workshop, which is to include
    the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of all key
    risks that could potentially affect the Company’s objectives;

•   Report annually on the key risks as identified in the Group’s risk reporting
    formats;

•   Continuously monitor key risks and controls and implement appropriate risk
    responses where necessary;

•   Formalize responsibilities for managing risk and for sustaining the Group’s risk
    management framework;

•   Monitor and review the application of the risk management framework.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   89
     Corporate Governance Report



     The internal control system of the Group is built up on a clear organization
     structure and management duties, a set of standardized policies and procedures,
     a sound accounting system, continuing training to employees, and independent
     review and oversight of operation and financial results by internal audit
     department of the Company (the “Internal Audit Department”). The Company
     has formulated code of conduct for all employees which ensures their ethical
     value and competency. The Company attaches great importance to the prevention
     of fraud and has formulated its internal reporting system, which encourages
     anonymous reporting of situations where internal employees or external customers
     and suppliers have breached the rules. The Company has set up the policy
     regulating the handling and dissemination of inside information, which has clearly
     defined the scope of inside information, the roles and responsibilities, the reporting
     and disclosure requirements, the registration of insiders and confidentiality
     management. It has also clearly regulated the punishment if the policy is violated.
     The Company has adopted Written Guidelines and Employees’ Written Guidelines
     for security transactions. The Company has also promulgated the Conflict of
     Interest Management Policy which sets guidelines in consultation, judgment,
     declaration and addressing conflict of interest.

     The Internal Audit Department plays a vital role in supporting the Board and
     the management with the risk management and internal control systems. The
     functions of the Internal Audit Department are independent of the Company’s
     business operations, and play an important role in the monitoring of the Group’s
     internal management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for internal
     controls assessment of the Group at least annually, and provides an objective
     assurance to the Audit Committee and the Board that the risk management and
     internal control systems are maintained and operated by the management in
     compliance with agreed processes and standards on a risk-based approach.

     The Internal Audit Department regularly reports the internal audit results to the
     Audit Committee on a quarterly basis per year, which are then reported to the
     Board through the Audit Committee.

     The Internal Audit Department is also responsible for performing independent
     review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal
     control systems. The Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the internal audit
     function and the review result is satisfactory.

     The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on
     the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems for the
     Reporting Period. The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the
     management report and the internal audit findings, reviewed the risk management
     and internal control systems of the Group, including the financial, operational and
     compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems
     are effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting
     and staff qualifications, experience and relevant resources.




90   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                     Corporate Governance Report



Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Group to raise, in
confidence, concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal
control or other matters of the Group.

The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide
to the Directors, officers, senior management and relevant employees in handling
confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and responding to
enquiries.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial
statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditors of the Company about their reporting
responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 98 to 100 of this annual report.

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the
Company in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended
December 31, 2021 is set out below:

                                                                            Fees Paid/
Service Category                                                              Payable
                                                                              RMB’000

Audit Services                                                                     4,680
Non-audit Services
– Interim Review                                                                    1,330

TOTAL                                                                               6,010




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   91
     Corporate Governance Report



     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

     Mr. Huang Yue and Ms. Sham Ying Man are the joint company secretaries of the
     Company.

     Ms. Sham Ying Man is a manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
     a global professional services provider specializing in integrated Business,
     Corporate and Investor Services. The primary contact person at the Company is Mr.
     Huang Yue, joint company secretary of the Company and the Executive Director of
     the Secretary Office to the Board.

     The joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required
     under the Listing Rules for the year ended December 31, 2021 to update their skills
     and knowledge.

     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be
     proposed for each substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the
     election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will
     be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on
     the websites of the Company and HKEX after each general meeting.

     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

     Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association of the Company, extraordinary
     general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any two or
     more members, or by any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its
     nominee), deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong specifying
     the objects of the meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s), provided that such
     requisitionist(s) held as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting
     at general meetings of the Company.

     Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

     There are no provisions in the Company’s Articles of Association or the Cayman
     Islands Companies Law for shareholders to move new resolutions at general
     meetings. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company
     to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the
     preceding paragraph. As regards proposing a person for election as a director of
     the Company, please refer to the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person
     for Election as a Director” of the Company which is posted on the Company’s
     website.




92   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                     Corporate Governance Report



Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, shareholders may
send written enquiries to the Company. The Company will not normally deal with
verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Contact Details

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the
following:

Address:        46#, 299 Fute Zhong Road, Waigaoqiao
                China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone Shanghai 200131, China
                  (For the attention of the board secretary office)
Fax:            86 (21) 50461000

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly
signed written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to
the above address and provide their full name, contact details and identification
in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as
required by law.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is
essential for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the
Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to
maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual
general meetings and other general meetings. At the annual general meeting,
directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet shareholders
and answer their enquiries.

The attendance records of Directors at the annual general meeting held during the
Reporting Period are as follows:

Name of Directors                                                         Attendance

Dr. Ge Li                                                                              1/1
Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                      1/1
Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                                      1/1
Dr. Ning Zhao (appointed on June 16, 2021)                                            N/A
Mr. Edward Hu (retired on June 16, 2021)                                               0/1
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                          0/1
Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                        0/1
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                              0/1
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                              0/1
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                        0/1



                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   93
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Company maintains a website at www.wuxibiologics.com as a communication
     platform with shareholders of the Company and investors, where the financial
     information and other relevant information of the Company are available for public
     access.

     Constitutional Documents

     During the Reporting Period, the Company has not made any changes to its
     Memorandum and Articles of Association. An up-to-date version of the Company’s
     Memorandum and Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the
     Company and HKEX.

     Policies relating to Shareholders

     The Company has in place a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure that
     shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed. The policy is
     regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness.

     The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends which aims to set out
     the principles and guidelines that the Company intends to apply in relation to the
     declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision of the then CG
     Code that has become effective from January 1, 2019.

     The Board has adopted a dividend policy in which the Company may declare
     dividends in any currency in general meeting but no dividends shall exceed the
     amount recommended by the Board, subject to the Companies Law of the Cayman
     Islands and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. Based
     on the financial results for the Reporting Period and the current cash flow and
     working capital projections, the Board believes that it will not be advisable to
     make a distribution for the Reporting Period and the following two years, given
     considerable requirements of capital expenditure for business expansion. The
     Board will continue to review its financial position from time to time, and decide
     whether it would be in the interest of the Company and its shareholders to make
     any distribution.




94   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                      Independent Auditor’s Report



TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF WUXI BIOLOGICS (CAYMAN) INC.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of WuXi Biologics (Cayman)
Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
set out on pages 101 to 272, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at December 31, 2021, and the consolidated statement of
profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view
of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2021, and
of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
(“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and
have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
(“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
basis for our opinion.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were
of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   95
     Independent Auditor’s Report



                                                       How our audit addressed
      Key audit matter                                 the key audit matter

      Revenue recognition for research services on fee-for-service (“FFS”) basis
      and sales of goods on commercial manufacturing contracts (“CMO”) basis

      As disclosed in Note 5 to the                    Our procedures in relation to the revenue
      consolidated financial statements,               recognition for research services on FFS
      for the year ended December 31,                  basis and sales of goods on CMO basis
      2021, revenue of the Group in total              included:
      was RMB10,290 million, of which
      RMB8,035 million and RMB1,649                    •   Understanding key controls related
      million were derived from research                   to occurrence and cut-off assertions
      services on FFS basis and sales of                   of revenue recognition for research
      goods on CMO basis representing                      services on FFS basis and sales of
      78.1% and 16.0% total revenue,                       goods on CMO basis and evaluating
      respectively.                                        the design and implementation and
                                                           operating effectiveness of these
      The management of the Group                          controls;
      identified performance obligations
      in the contracts with customers and              •   Inquiring the management of the
      recognized revenue when control                      Group and examining the contract
      of the goods or services underlying                  terms of for FFS basis and CMO
      the particular performance                           basis, on sampling basis, to
      obligation is transferred to the                     evaluate the appropriateness of the
      customers. To a certain degree the                   identification of each performance
      identification and measurement of                    obligation and the timing of revenue
      different components as distinct                     recognition determined by the
      performance obligations were subject                 management in accordance with
      to management’s judgement and                        IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      interpretation on the terms of the                   Customers;
      contracts, which gave rise to the
      risk that revenue could be misstated             •   Selecting samples from recorded
      due to the incorrect identification of               sales transactions from research
      particular performance obligation,                   services on FFS basis and sales of
      resulting in an inappropriate timing                 goods on CMO basis and examining
      on recognition of revenue. Therefore,                evidences supporting the transfer of
      we identified occurrence and cut-off                 control of services or goods;
      assertions of revenue recognition for
      research services on FFS basis and               •   Testing, on sampling basis, revenue
      sales of goods on CMO basis as a key                 recognized for research services on
      audit matter.                                        FFS basis and sales of goods on CMO
                                                           basis taking place before and after
                                                           year-end and trace to evidences
                                                           supporting the transfer of control
                                                           of services or goods to determine
                                                           that the revenue is recognized in the
                                                           correct accounting period.




96   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                              Independent Auditor’s Report



                                                          How our audit addressed
Key audit matter                                          the key audit matter

Purchase price allocation (“PPA”) arising from acquisition of subsidiaries/
business

As set out in Notes 16 and 41 to the                      Our procedures in relation to the PPA
consolidated financial statements,                        included:
during the year ended December
31, 2021, the Group acquired CMAB                         •   Reviewing the key terms of
Group from an independent third                               agreements signed with the vendors
party, and acquired Payload and                               (the “Agreements”), including
Linker Business from a related party                          the identification of purchase
(as defined and described in Notes 16                         considerations, acquisition date and
and 41 to the consolidated financial                          the relevant conditions as stipulated
s t a t e m e n t s), a t c o n s i d e r a t i o n o f       in the Agreements;
RMB1,591 million and RMB280 million,
respectively. The Group has engaged                       •   Concluding interviews with
independent valuation experts to                              independent valuation experts
perform PPA exercise for the two                              engaged by the management,
acquisitions, where the purchase                              evaluating their independence and
consideration was allocated to the                            c o m p e t e n c e, a n d u n d e r s t a n d i n g
fair value of the identifiable assets                         their valuation basis and
acquired and liabilities assumed,                             methodology adopted in assessing
resulting in the recognition of                               the fair value of the identifiable
goodwill of RMB1,345 million and                              assets and liabilities at the date of
intangible assets of RMB286 million.                          the acquisitions;

We identified the PPA of these two                        •   Involving our internal valuation
acquisitions as a key audit matter                            expert to evaluate the
as the determination of fair values                           appropriateness of valuation
of identifiable assets acquired and                           basis and methodology used
liabilities assumed, including the                            by the independent valuation
identification of intangible assets at                        experts, challenging the key
acquisition date, required significant                        assumptions adopted including
judgements in estimating the                                  revenue growth rate, discount
underlying assumptions applied in the                         rate, and the significant estimates
valuation models.                                             and judgements made by the
                                                              management of the Group in
                                                              determining the fair value of the
                                                              identifiable assets and liabilities at
                                                              respective acquisition dates; and

                                                          •   Assessing the appropriateness
                                                              of the disclosures regarding
                                                              the acquisitions of subsidiaries/
                                                              business in Notes 16 and 41 to the
                                                              consolidated financial statements.


                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        97
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     Other Information

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other
     information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not
     include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other
     information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our
     responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether
     the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
     materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
     there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
     report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
     the Consolidated Financial Statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the
     consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
     with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of
     the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
     financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to
     fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company
     are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
     disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
     concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the
     Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s
     financial reporting process.

     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
     Statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
     financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
     to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
     to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
     other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
     other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
     of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
     can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
     aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
     of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

98   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                       Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement
and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
    financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform
    audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
    is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
    not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
    one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to
    design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
    for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
    internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
    reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the
    directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern
    basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether
    a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
    significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
    conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention
    in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
    statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
    conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
    auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
    cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated
    financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
    financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
    manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
    information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an
    opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
    direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
    responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other
matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   99
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements (Continued)

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have
      complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
      communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
      be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
      eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we
      determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
      or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
      rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
      our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
      expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report
      is Leung, David.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong

      March 22, 2022




100   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or
  Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                NOTES             2021              2020
                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

Revenue                                            5        10,290,050           5,612,384
Cost of sales and services                                   (5,461,153)        (3,079,418)

Gross profit                                                 4,828,897           2,532,966
Other income                                       6           196,605             220,137
Impairment losses, under expected credit
  loss model, net of reversal                      9           (156,667)           (121,062)
Other gains and losses                             7            665,637            283,404
Selling and marketing expenses                                 (124,647)             (94,415)
Administrative expenses                                        (875,932)           (511,436)
Research and development expenses                              (501,583)          (303,734)
Share of profit of an associate                                       —                2,632
Financing costs                                    8             (39,191)           (42,732)

Profit before tax                                   9         3,993,119          1,965,760
Income tax expense                                 10         (484,538)           (273,066)

Profit for the year                                           3,508,581          1,692,694


Other comprehensive (expense) income
Item that will not be reclassified to
  profit or loss:
Fair value loss on investments in equity
   instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                               (29,819)            (2,686)

Items that may be reclassified subsequently
  to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation
   of foreign operations                                       (572,280)            (24,297)
Fair value (loss) gain on hedging instruments
   designated in fair value hedges and cash
   flow hedges, net of income tax                               (116,506)          226,600

Other comprehensive (expense)
 income for the year                                           (718,605)            199,617


Total comprehensive income for the year                      2,789,976            1,892,311




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   101
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or
      Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                        NOTE       2021       2020
                                                                RMB’000     RMB’000

      Profit for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                    3,388,478    1,688,886
      Non-controlling interests                                   120,103       3,808

                                                               3,508,581    1,692,694


      Total comprehensive income for the year
       attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                    2,697,354    1,885,582
      Non-controlling interests                                   92,622        6,729

                                                               2,789,976    1,892,311


                                                                    RMB         RMB

      Earnings per share — Basic                         12         0.81        0.43


                              — Diluted                  12         0.77        0.40




102   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                   At December 31, 2021




                                              NOTES             2021              2020
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current Assets
Property, plant and equipment                    14       18,065,495           11,996,171
Right-of-use assets                              15         1,690,301            874,153
Goodwill                                         16         1,529,914            185,408
Intangible assets                                19          600,654             391,857
Investment of an associate measured at fair
  value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)         17          752,275              187,520
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                     20            94,413             127,167
Financial assets at FVTPL                        21         1,356,134             758,813
Finance lease receivables                        22           124,485              87,672
Derivative financial assets                      31            10,942              20,870
Deferred tax assets                              18          220,787               80,136
Other long-term deposits and prepayments         23            57,482              49,478

                                                          24,502,882          14,759,245

Current Assets
Inventories                                      24        1,687,375            1,084,192
Finance lease receivables                        22            13,564               8,615
Trade and other receivables                      26        4,857,319           3,241,878
Contract assets                                  27           132,545              24,069
Contract costs                                   25        1,005,470              392,123
Tax recoverable                                                 9,436               3,147
Derivative financial assets                      31          479,557             440,997
Financial assets at FVTPL                        21          975,578              112,469
Pledged bank deposits                            28           217,991            528,787
Time deposits                                    28         1,147,626          1,272,356
Bank balances and cash                           28        9,003,280           7,095,735

                                                           19,529,741         14,204,368

Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables                         29         3,697,819          2,728,543
Borrowings                                       32         2,121,895            767,126
Contract liabilities                             30         1,733,799            664,863
Income tax payable                                            557,725            250,893
Lease liabilities                                33            103,561             60,711
Derivative financial liabilities                 31             40,890             26,112

                                                           8,255,689           4,498,248

Net Current Assets                                         11,274,052          9,706,120

Total Assets less Current Liabilities                     35,776,934         24,465,365



                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   103
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At December 31, 2021




                                                        NOTES        2021           2020
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

      Non-current Liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities                           18          124,211       180,885
      Borrowings                                         32         640,513      1,837,623
      Contract liabilities                               30        652,598         659,949
      Lease liabilities                                  33       1,429,318        666,513
      Deferred income                                    34         224,128        213,740
      Derivative financial liabilities                   31               —          7,259

                                                                 3,070,768       3,565,969

      Net Assets                                                 32,706,166     20,899,396


      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital                                      35            235             225
      Reserves                                                  32,278,358      20,564,220

      Equity attributable to owners of the
        Company                                                 32,278,593      20,564,445
      Non-controlling interests                                    427,573         334,951

      Total Equity                                               32,706,166     20,899,396


      The consolidated financial statements on pages 101 to 272 were approved and
      authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 22, 2022 and are signed
      on its behalf by:




                     Zhisheng Chen                              Weichang Zhou
                       DIRECTOR                                   DIRECTOR




104   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
                                                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                        Equity-settled Cash flow                                        Foreign
                                                                                         share-based and fair value                      Group         currency                                  Non-
                                         Share    Treasury         Share    Statutory compensation         hedging        FVTOCI reorganization      translation    Retained               controlling
                                        capital       stock     premium       reserve         reserve       reserve      reserve        reserve         reserve     earnings     Sub-total interests           Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                   (note iv)                   (note i)       (note ii)                                (note iii)

At January 1, 2020                         214           —     10,260,207     201,182       435,907           15,120           —           (4,636)        (2,526)   1,878,895    12,784,363     111,737    12,896,100
Profit for the year                         —            —             —           —             —                —            —               —              —     1,688,886     1,688,886       3,808     1,692,694
Other comprehensive income
   (expense) for the year
— Fair value adjustments on fair
   value hedges and cash flow
   hedges                                    —           —             —           —              —         365,045            —               —              —            —       365,045           —       365,045
— Recycling from cash flow
   hedging reserve to profit or loss         —           —             —           —              —        (138,445)           —               —              —            —       (138,445)         —       (138,445)
— Fair value change of equity
   instruments at FVTOCI                     —           —             —           —              —               —        (2,686)             —              —            —         (2,686)         —         (2,686)
— Exchange differences arising
   from translation of foreign
   operations                                —           —             —           —              —               —            —               —         (27,218)          —        (27,218)      2,921       (24,297)


Total comprehensive income
  (expense) for the year                     —           —             —           —              —         226,600        (2,686)             —         (27,218)   1,688,886     1,885,582      6,729       1,892,311


Transfer to statutory reserve                —           —             —      132,475             —               —            —               —              —      (132,475)           —           —             —
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based compensation                  —           —             —           —         284,177              —            —               —              —            —        284,177          —        284,177
Exercise of pre-IPO share options
   and vest of restricted shares             2           —        143,676          —         (79,553)             —            —               —              —            —         64,125          —         64,125
Issue of new shares (Note 35)                9           —      5,584,741          —              —               —            —               —              —            —      5,584,750          —      5,584,750
Capital injection by non-controlling
   shareholders                              —           —             —           —              —               —            —               —              —            —             —     216,892        216,892
Disposal of partial equity interest
   in subsidiaries without losing
   control                                   —           —             —           —              —               —            —               —              —          407           407        (407)            —
Transaction costs attributable to
   issue of new shares                       —           —       (38,959)          —              —               —            —               —              —            —        (38,959)         —        (38,959)


At December 31, 2020                       225           —     15,949,665    333,657         640,531        241,720        (2,686)         (4,636)      (29,744)    3,435,713    20,564,445    334,951     20,899,396


Profit for the year                          —           —             —           —              —               —            —               —              —     3,388,478     3,388,478     120,103     3,508,581
Other comprehensive income
   (expense) for the year
— Fair value adjustments on fair
   value hedges and cash flow
   hedges                                    —           —             —           —              —         341,385            —               —              —            —        341,385          —        341,385
— Recycling from cash flow and
   fair value hedging reserve to
   profit or loss                            —           —             —           —              —        (457,891)           —               —              —            —       (457,891)         —       (457,891)
— Fair value change of equity
   instruments at FVTOCI                     —           —             —           —              —               —       (29,819)             —              —            —        (29,819)         —        (29,819)
— Exchange differences arising
  from translation of foreign
  operations                                 —           —             —           —              —               —            —               —       (544,799)           —       (544,799)    (27,481)     (572,280)


Total comprehensive (expense)
  income for the year                        —           —             —           —              —         (116,506)     (29,819)             —       (544,799)    3,388,478     2,697,354     92,622      2,789,976




                                                                                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                                                  105
      Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                            Equity-settled Cash flow                                      Foreign
                                                                                             share-based and fair value                    Group         currency                                Non-
                                            Share    Treasury         Share     Statutory compensation         hedging      FVTOCI reorganization      translation   Retained              controlling
                                           capital       stock     premium        reserve         reserve       reserve    reserve        reserve         reserve    earnings    Sub-total interests         Total
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                      (note iv)                    (note i)       (note ii)                              (note iii)

      Transfer to statutory reserve             —            —             —     303,650              —              —           —               —              —    (303,650)            —          —             —
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based compensation               —            —             —           —        577,952              —           —               —              —           —      577,952           —      577,952
      Exercise of pre-IPO share options
         and vest of restricted shares          3            —        195,810          —        (138,885)            —           —               —              —           —        56,928          —        56,928
      Issue of new shares (Note 35)             7            —     10,977,731          —              —              —           —               —              —           —    10,977,738          —    10,977,738
      Transaction costs attributable to
         issue of new shares                    —            —       (78,709)          —              —              —           —               —              —           —       (78,709)         —       (78,709)
      Repurchase of shares                      —    (2,517,115)          —            —              —              —           —               —              —           —     (2,517,115)        —     (2,517,115)


      At December 31, 2021                    235    (2,517,115) 27,044,497      637,307       1,079,598        125,214     (32,505)         (4,636)     (574,543)   6,520,541   32,278,593     427,573   32,706,166


      Notes:

      i.           In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries of WuXi Biologics
                   (Cayman) Inc. (the “Company”) established in the People’s Republic of China (the
                   “PRC”), they are required to transfer 10% of the profit after tax to the statutory reserve
                   until the reserve reaches 50% of their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must
                   be made before distributing dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve can be
                   used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or convert
                   into additional capital of the subsidiaries.

      ii.          The amount represents the equity-settled share-based compensation in respect of
                   share options for shares of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. (“WuXi PharmaTech”),
                   the then ultimate holding company of the Company before the completion of the
                   group reorganization of the Company (see note iii below), for the equity instruments
                   granted by WuXi PharmaTech to certain directors of the Company and employees
                   of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for their
                   service rendered to the Group, the equity-settled share-based compensation under
                   the Company’s pre-IPO share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”), the
                   Company’s restricted share award scheme (the “Restricted Share Award Scheme”) and
                   the Company’s global partner program share scheme (the “Global Partner Program
                   Share Scheme”) as disclosed in Note 43.

      iii.         Group reorganization reserve represents the combined capital contribution of the
                   entities comprising the Group, net of the settlement of the payables to their then
                   shareholders; and the administration service cost borne or on behalf of the fellow
                   subsidiaries by the Company prior to the completion of a group reorganization to
                   rationalize the current group structure as at December 31, 2015.




106   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021




iv.   During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased its own ordinary
      shares through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:

                                    No. of                                       Aggregate
                                 ordinary        Price per share              consideration
      Month of repurchase          shares        Highest       Lowest                  paid
                                                    HK$          HK$               RMB’000

      December, 2021           34,622,500           94.35            85.90          2,517,115

      The above ordinary shares were cancelled on January 14, 2022.

      None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
      listed securities during the year.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   107
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                                2021          2020
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000

      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                      3,993,119     1,965,760
      Adjustments for:
      Financing costs                                           39,191        42,732
      Interest income from banks and other financial
        assets at amortized cost                              (58,026)      (80,864)
      Share of profit of an associate                               —        (2,632)
      Depreciation for property, plant and equipment          404,573       236,866
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      29,541        34,094
      Amortization of intangible assets                        47,669        32,049
      Amortization of retention bonus                               —           951
      Impairment loss, net of reversal
      — trade and other receivables                           153,955        121,629
      — contract assets                                          2,712          (567)
      Write down of inventories                               220,561          19,341
      Write down of contract costs                             90,488         13,266
      Net foreign exchange loss                                 12,319        63,312
      Share-based compensation expense                        531,923       276,370
      Income from research and other grants                   (26,292)       (10,953)
      Gain on fair value changes of wealth management
        products                                              (60,853)       (26,812)
      Gain on fair value changes of equity investments at
        FVTPL                                                (238,534)      (344,625)
      Gain on fair value changes of investment of an
        associate measured at FVTPL                          (366,053)             —
      Gain on fair value changes of derivative financial
        instruments                                           (32,593)            —
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment           870          2,660

      Operating cash flows before movements in working
       capital                                              4,744,570      2,342,577

      Increase in inventories                                 (783,185)     (704,522)
      (Increase) decrease in contract costs                   (548,364)         8,152
      Increase in trade and other receivables               (1,329,724)    (1,418,264)
      (Increase) decrease in contract assets                   (111,188)       16,477
      Increase in other long-term deposits                      (3,409)        (3,924)
      Increase in contract liabilities                       1,061,585        988,417
      Increase in trade and other payables                     741,847        747,171
      Increase (decrease) in deferred income                      9,112          (570)

      Cash generated from operations                        3,781,244      1,975,514
      Income tax paid                                        (349,986)       (94,238)

      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                    3,431,258      1,881,276




108   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021




                                                          NOTE           2021             2020
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                   80,856            66,485
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                          (6,507,803)       (6,024,780)
Payment for consideration payables for acquisition of a
  subsidiary in prior year                                              (19,010)          (5,684)
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries            41       (2,161,594)               —
Payment for potential acquisition                                            —          (149,555)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                        (15,311)              —
Payments for rental deposits                                            (21,317)          (6,232)
Acquisition of investment of an associate measured at
  FVTPL                                                               (354,526)                  —
Research and other grants received                                        32,302             75,368
Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                     320,922                  —
Placement of pledged bank deposits                                       (17,960)           (97,147)
Withdrawal of other financial assets                                           —         1,551,000
Placement of other financial assets                                            —       (1,093,000)
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                             56,965,048          16,571,311
Placement of financial assets at FVTPL                             (58,135,876)      (16,786,266)
Receipt of interest from banks                                            67,992             78,635
Withdrawal of time deposits                                           1,261,582         1,077,789
Placement of time deposits                                           (1,164,244)       (2,474,185)
Net settlement of derivative financial instruments                        17,269             49,978
Loan to an associate                                                           —           (50,000)
Repayment for loan to an associate                                        50,000                 —

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                               (9,601,670)       (7,216,283)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                          675,284          1,171,239
Repayments of bank borrowings                                         (728,267)         (300,781)
Interest paid                                                          (83,200)          (82,544)
Repayments of lease liabilities                                        (93,843)          (49,078)
Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                              10,977,738         5,584,750
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                      (78,709)          (38,959)
Proceeds from exercise of pre-IPO share options                          57,571            64,125
Capital injection by non-controlling shareholders                            —           216,892
Payment on repurchase of shares                                      (2,517,115)               —

NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                   8,209,459         6,565,644

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                (131,502)        (340,398)

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                            1,907,545           890,239
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                       7,095,735         6,205,496

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR,
  represented by bank balances and cash                              9,003,280         7,095,735


                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021    109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

           The Company was established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted
           company with limited liability on February 27, 2014, and its shares have been
           listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since
           June 13, 2017. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of
           business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate information section to
           the annual report. The Company is an investment holding company. The Group
           is principally engaged in provision of discovery, development of biologics
           services and manufacturing of biologics products.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
           which is also the functional currency of the Company.

      2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

           Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year

           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs
           issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the
           first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning
           on or after January 1, 2021 for the preparation of the consolidated financial
           statements:

           Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39,            Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
            IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16

           In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendment to IFRS 16 Covid-19-
           Related Rent Concessions beyond June 30, 2021 .

           In addition, the Group also applied the agenda decision of the IFRS
           Interpretations Committee (the “Committee”) of the IASB issued in June
           2021 which clarified the costs an entity should include as “estimated costs
           necessary to make the sale” when determining the net realizable value of
           inventories.

           Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the
           current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
           in these consolidated financial statements.




110   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

   Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
   year (Continued)

   2.1 Impacts on early application of Amendment to IFRS 16 Covid-19-
       Related Rent Concessions beyond June 30, 2021

      The Group has early applied the amendment in the current year. The
      amendment extends the availability of the practical expedient in paragraph
      46A of IFRS 16 Leases (“IFRS 16”) by one year so that the practical expedient
      applies to rent concessions for which any reduction in lease payments
      affects only payments originally due on or before June 30, 2022, provided
      the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met.

      The application of this amendment has had no material impact on the
      Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior
      years.

   2.2 Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,
       IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2

      The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current
      year. The amendments relate to changes in the basis for determining the
      contractual cash flows of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease
      liabilities as a result of interest rate benchmark reform, specific hedge
      accounting requirements and the related disclosure requirements applying
      IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures (“IFRS 7”).

      As at January 1, 2021, the Group has several financial liabilities and derivative
      financial liabilities, the interests of which are indexed to benchmark rates
      that will or may be subject to interest rate benchmark reform. The following
      table shows the total amounts of these outstanding contracts. The amounts
      of financial assets and liabilities are shown at their carrying amounts and
      derivatives are shown at their notional amounts.

                                                                                London
                                                                             Interbank
                                                                          Offered Rate
                                                                              (“LIBOR”)
                                                                                   ’000

      Financial liabilities
      Bank loans
      — United States Dollars (“US$”)                                           350,000

      Derivatives
      Interest rate swaps
      — US$                                                                     256,720
                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

           Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year (Continued)

           2.2 Impacts on application of Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7,
               IFRS 4 and IFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
               (Continued)

                 The amendments have had no impact on the consolidated financial
                 statements as none of the relevant contracts has been transitioned to
                 the relevant replacement rates during the year. The Group will apply the
                 practical expedient in relation to the changes in contractual cash flows
                 resulting from the interest rate benchmark reform for bank loans and
                 interest rate swaps. Additional disclosures as required by IFRS 7 are set
                 out in Note 37.

           2.3 Impacts on application of the agenda decision of the Committee —
               Cost necessary to sell inventories (IAS 2 Inventories)

                 In June 2021, the Committee, through its agenda decision, clarified the
                 costs an entity should include as “estimated costs necessary to make
                 the sale” when determining the net realizable value of inventories.
                 In particular, whether such costs should be limited to those that are
                 incremental to the sale. The Committee concluded that the estimated
                 costs necessary to make the sale should not be limited to those that are
                 incremental but should also include costs that an entity must incur to sell
                 its inventories including those that are not incremental to a particular
                 sale.

                 The Group’s accounting policy prior to the Committee’s agenda decision
                 was to determine the net realizable value of inventories taking into
                 consideration incremental costs only. Upon application of the Committee’s
                 agenda decision, the Group changed its accounting policy to determine
                 the net realizable value of inventories taking into consideration both
                 incremental costs and other cost necessary to sell inventories. The new
                 accounting policy has been applied retrospectively.

                 The application of the Committee’s agenda decision has had no material
                 impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance.




112   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021




2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

   New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

   The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs
   that have been issued but are not yet effective:

   IFRS 17                            Insurance Contracts and the related
                                        Amendments 2
   Amendments to IFRS 3               Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1
   Amendments to IFRS 10              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
    and IAS 28                          Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 3
   Amendments to IAS 1                Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                        Non-current 2
   Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS       Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2
    Practice Statement 2
   Amendments to IAS 8          Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
   Amendments to IAS 12         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                  arising from a Single Transaction 2
   Amendments to IAS 16         Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds
                                  before Intended Use 1
   Amendments to IAS 37         Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a
                                  Contract 1
   Amendments to IFRS Standards Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards
                                  2018–2020 1

   1   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
   2   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
   3   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

   Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the
   directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new
   and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
   financial statements in the foreseeable future.

   Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
   arising from a Single Transaction

  The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred
  tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income
  Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition,
  give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

   As disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing
   transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease
   liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the relevant assets and
   liabilities as a whole. Temporary differences relating to relevant assets and
   liabilities are assessed on a net basis.

                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

           New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
           (Continued)

           Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
           arising from a Single Transaction (Continued)

           Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognize a deferred
           tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
           against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized) and a
           deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences
           associated with the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.

           The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on
           or after January 1, 2023, with early application permitted. As at December
           31, 2021, the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
           which are subject to the amendments amounted to RMB1,690,301,000 and
           RMB1,532,879,000 respectively. The Group is still in the process of assessing
           the full impact of the application of the amendments. The cumulative effect
           of initially applying the amendments will be recognised as an adjustment to
           the opening balance of retained earnings (or other component of equity, as
           appropriate) at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.

      3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
           STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

                 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
                 with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the
                 consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
                 such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by
                 primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
                 applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
                 Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)
                 and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                 The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the
                 consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the
                 Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
                 foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis
                 of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.




114   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.1	
       Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
       (Continued)

      The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
      historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are
      measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained
      in the accounting policies set out below.

      Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration
      given in exchange for goods and services.

      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
      transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
      at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
      observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating
      the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
      characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take
      those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at
      the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
      purposes in the consolidated financial statements is determined on such
      a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within
      the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are
      accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have
      some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable
      value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

      In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are
      categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs
      to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
      inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described
      as follows:

      •   Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
          for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
          measurement date;

      •   Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within
          Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
          indirectly; and

      •   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies

                Basis of consolidation

                 The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial
                 statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and
                 its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

                 •    has power over the investee;

                 •    is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
                      the investee; and

                 •    has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                 The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and
                 circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three
                 elements of control listed above.

                 Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over
                 the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
                 Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
                 during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                 and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control
                 until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

                 Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed
                 to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total
                 comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
                 Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
                 non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

                 When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of
                 subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s
                 accounting policies.

                 All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash
                 flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
                 eliminated in full on consolidation.

                 Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from
                 the Group’s equity therein, which represent present ownership interests
                 entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
                 relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


116   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Basis of consolidation (Continued)

      Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries

       Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the
       Group losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity
       transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components
       of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the
       changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-
       attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
       controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
       interests’ proportionate interests.

       Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests
       are adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is
       recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

       When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of
       that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognized.
       A gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss and is calculated as the
       difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration
       received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying
       amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary
       attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously
       recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary
       are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
       assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss
       or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
       applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former
       subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value
       on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
       Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition
       of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Business combinations or asset acquisitions

                Optional concentration test

                 Effective from January 1, 2020, the Group can elect to apply an optional
                 concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits
                 a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and
                 assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially
                 all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a
                 single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The gross
                 assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred
                 tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax
                 liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets
                 is determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.

                Asset acquisitions

                 When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not
                 constitute a business, the Group identifies and recognizes the individual
                 identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
                 purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective
                 fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated
                 to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
                 fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise
                 to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

                Business combinations

                 Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method.
                 The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured
                 at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
                 values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the
                 Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests
                 issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
                 related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

                Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired
                and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a
                liability in the International Accounting Standards Committee’s Framework
                for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by
                the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in September
                2010).


118   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

      Business combinations (Continued)

       At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
       assumed are recognized at their fair value, except that:

       •   deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to
           employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in
           accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
           respectively;

       •   liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment
           arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements
           of the Group ent ered into to replace share-based payment
           arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS
           2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the accounting
           policy below);

       •   assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale
           in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and
           Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
           standard; and

       •   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value
           of the remaining lease payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the
           acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
           for leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the
           acquisition date. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at
           the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect
           favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
           market terms.

       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration
       transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree,
       and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
       acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired
       and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment,
       the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
       exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
       controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s
       previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is recognized
       immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

                Business combinations (Continued)

                 Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle
                 their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s net
                 assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
                 controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts
                 of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of
                 measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

                 If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the
                 end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group
                 reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
                 incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively
                 during the measurement period (which cannot exceed one year from
                 the acquisition date), and additional assets or liabilities are recognized,
                 to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
                 existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the
                 amounts recognized at that date.

                Goodwill

                 Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as
                 established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting
                 policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                 For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of
                 the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of cash-generating units)
                 that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
                 represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                 management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.




120   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Goodwill (Continued)

       A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which
       goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more
       frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired.
       For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-
       generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has
       been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting
       period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
       impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any
       goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the
       carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating
       units).

       On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-
       generating unit within the group of cash-generating units, the attributable
       amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of
       profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation
       within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a
       group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
       measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-
       generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit
       (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

       The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is
       described below.

      Investments in subsidiaries

       Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less than any identified
       impairment loss on the statement of financial position of the Company.

      Investment in an associate measured at FVTPL

       An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence.
       Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and
       operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
       over those policies.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers

                 The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation
                 is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the
                 particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

                 A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of
                 goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services
                 that are substantially the same.

                 Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by
                 reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant
                 performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

                 •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
                      provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

                 •    the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
                      customer controls as the Group performs; or

                 •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative
                      use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
                      for performance completed to date.

                 Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer
                 obtains control of the distinct good or service.

                 A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange
                 for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that
                 is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with
                 IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right
                 to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment
                 of that consideration is due.

                 A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or
                 services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
                 an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




122   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

       A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are
       accounted for and presented on a net basis.

      Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of
      transaction price)

       For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e.
       fee-for-service (“FFS”) and commercial manufacturing organization
       (“CMO”) contracts usually have multiple deliverable units, which are
       generally in the form of technical laboratory reports, samples and/or
       goods), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance
       obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
       allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

       The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying
       each performance obligation is determined at contract inception. It
       represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or
       service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not
       directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques
       such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance
       obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group
       expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or
       services to the customer.

      Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards
      complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

       The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion
       requires judgement and is based on the nature of the products or services
       to be provided. Depending on which better depicts the transfer of value
       to the customer, the Group measures its progress using either units
       produced/services transferred to the customer to date (output method) or
       cost-to-cost (input method).




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards
                complete satisfaction of a performance obligation (Continued)

                 Output method:

                 The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation
                 is measured based on output method, which is to recognize revenue on
                 the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
                 transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods
                 or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s
                 performance in transferring control of goods or services.

                 As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in
                 an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Group’s
                 performance completed to date (for example, service contracts in which
                 the Group bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the
                 Group recognizes revenue in the amount to which the Group has the right
                 to invoice.

                 Input method:

                 The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation
                 is measured based on input method, which is to recognize revenue on
                 the basis of the Group’s costs incurred to date to the satisfaction of
                 a performance obligation relative to the total expected costs to the
                 satisfaction of that performance obligation, that best depict the Group’s
                 performance in transferring control of goods or services.

                Variable consideration

                 For contracts that contain variable consideration (usually in the form of a
                 milestone bonus when the service provided to the customer has reached
                 into a certain stage or delivered a certain result), the Group estimates the
                 amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the
                 expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which
                 method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group
                 will be entitled.




124   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Variable consideration (Continued)

       The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the
       transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an
       inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when
       the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
       resolved.

       At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated
       transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an
       estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
       the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the
       changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

      Existence of significant financing component

       In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised
       amount of consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the
       timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly) provides the
       customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer
       of goods or services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract
       contains a significant financing component. A significant financing
       component may exist regardless of whether the promise of financing is
       explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to
       by the parties to the contract.

       For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the
       associated goods or services is less than one year, the Group applies
       the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any
       significant financing component.

       For advance payments received from customers before the transfer of the
       associated goods or services in which the Group adjusts for the promised
       amount of consideration for a significant financing component, the Group
       applies a discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
       transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception.
       The relevant interest expenses during the period between the advance
       payments were received and the transfer of the associated goods and
       services are accounted for on the same basis as other borrowing costs.



                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                Principal versus agent

                 When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a
                 customer, the Group determines whether the nature of its promise is a
                 performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
                 (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to
                 be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

                 The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before
                 that good or service is transferred to a customer.

                 The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the
                 provision of the specified good or service by another party. In this case,
                 the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
                 another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer.
                 When the Group acts as an agent, it recognizes revenue in the amount of
                 any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
                 arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other
                 party.

                Contract costs

                 Costs to fulfil a contract

                 The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contact in its service contracts. The
                 Group first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an
                 asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognizes an
                 asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                 (a) the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract
                     that the Group can specifically identify;

                 (b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be
                     used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations
                     in the future; and

                 (c) the costs are expected to be recovered.

                 The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss on a
                 systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of
                 the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is also subject
                 to impairment review.
126   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases

      Definition of a lease

       A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to
       control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
       consideration.

       For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial
       application or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses
       whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
       IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate.
       Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of
       the contract are subsequently changed.

       The Group as a lessee

       Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

       For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more
       additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the
       consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
       the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
       stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

       Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis
       of their relative stand-alone prices and are accounted for by applying
       other applicable standards.

       Short-term leases

       The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases
       that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement
       date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-
       term leases are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another
       systematic basis over the lease term.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Leases (Continued)

                The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                 Right-of-use assets

                 The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

                 •    the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

                 •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less
                      any lease incentives received;

                 •    any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

                 •    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and
                      removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is
                      located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                      the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred
                      to produce inventories.

                 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                 depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
                 of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from
                 Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical
                 expedient.

                 Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain
                 ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term
                 are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                 Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis
                 over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

                 When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the
                 end of the lease term, upon exercising purchase options, the cost of the
                 relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated depreciation and
                 impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the
                 consolidated statement of financial position.




128   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases (Continued)

      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

       Refundable rental deposits

       Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially
       measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are
       considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-
       of-use assets.

       Lease liabilities

       At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and
       measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments
       that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
       payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
       commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
       determinable.

       The lease payments include:

       •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any
           lease incentives receivable;

       •   variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially
           measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;

       •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value
           guarantees;

       •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably
           certain to exercise the option; and

       •   payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term
           reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

       Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are
       initially measured using the market rental rates as at the commencement
       date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
       are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use
       assets, and are recognized as expense in the period in which the event or
       condition that triggers the payment occurs.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Leases (Continued)

                The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                 Lease liabilities (Continued)

                 After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest
                 accretion and lease payments.

                 The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding
                 adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

                 •    the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of
                      exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability
                      is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                      revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

                 •    the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates
                      following a market rent review, in which cases the related lease
                      liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
                      using the initial discount rate.

                 The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the
                 consolidated statement of financial position.

                 Lease modifications

                 Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied
                 the practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a
                 separate lease if:

                 •    the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right
                      to use one or more underlying assets; and

                 •    the consideration for the leases increases by an amount
                      commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope
                      and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect
                      the circumstances of the particular contract.

                 For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease,
                 the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the
                 modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                 discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


130   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases (Continued)

      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

       Lease modifications (Continued)

       The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making
       corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset.

       When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
       more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the
       consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the
       basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
       aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

       Covid-19-related rent concessions

       In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence
       of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected to apply the practical
       expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all
       of the following conditions are met:

       •   the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the
           lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration
           for the lease immediately preceding the change;

       •   any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due
           on or before June 30, 2022; and

       •   there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the
           lease.

       A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in
       lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would
       account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease
       modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for
       as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to
       reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment
       recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Leases (Continued)

                The Group as a lessor

                 Classification and measurement of leases

                 Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or
                 operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
                 all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset
                 to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases
                 are classified as operating leases.

                 Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as
                 receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to net investments
                 in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
                 leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the
                 net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting
                 periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s
                 net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

                 Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a
                 straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs
                 incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
                 carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an
                 expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
                 properties measured under fair value model.

                Foreign currencies

                 In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity,
                 transactions in currencies other than functional currency of that entity
                 (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing
                 on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
                 monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
                 rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value
                 that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates
                 prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary
                 items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency
                 are not retranslated.




132   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Foreign currencies (Continued)

       Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on
       the retranslation of monetary items, are recognized in profit or loss in the
       period in which they arise.

       For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements,
       the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated
       into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
       exchange rate prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income
       and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for
       the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in other
       comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
       foreign currency translation reserve.

      Borrowing costs

       Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
       production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take
       a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
       are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
       substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

       Any specific borrowing that remains outstanding after the related asset is
       ready for its intended use or sale is included in the general borrowing pool
       for calculation of capitalization rate on general borrowings. Investment
       income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings
       pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
       borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

       All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in
       which they are incurred.

      Research and other grants

      Research and other grants are accounted for in accordance with IAS
      20 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government
      Assistance . Research and other grants are not recognized until there
      is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
      attaching to them and that the grants will be received.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Research and other grants (Continued)

                 Research and other grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic
                 basis over the periods in which the Group recognizes as expenses
                 the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
                 Specifically, research and other grants whose primary condition is that
                 the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current
                 assets are recognized as deferred revenue in the consolidated statement
                 of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and
                 rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

                 Research and other grants related to income that are receivable as
                 compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose
                 of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
                 costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become
                 receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.

                Employee benefits

                Retirement benefit costs

                 Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized
                 as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to
                 the contributions.

                Pension obligations

                 The Group participates in state-managed retirement benefit schemes,
                 which are defined contribution schemes, pursuant to which the Group
                 pays a fixed percentage of its qualifying staff’s wages as contributions to
                 the schemes. Payments to such retirement benefit schemes are charged
                 as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to
                 the contributions.

                Short-term employee benefits

                 Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount
                 of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the
                 services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense
                 unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
                 cost of an asset.




134   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Employee benefits (Continued)

      Short-term employee benefits (Continued)

       A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages
       and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount
       already paid.

      Share-based payments

      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

       Share options granted to employees

       Equity-settled share-based payments to employees (including directors of
       the Company) are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
       the grant date.

       The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at
       the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market vesting
       conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
       based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually
       vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based
       compensation reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group
       revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to
       vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions.
       The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized
       in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised
       estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled share-
       based compensation reserve.

       When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized
       in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will be transferred
       to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting
       date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
       recognized in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will
       continue to be held in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Share-based payments (Continued)

                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

                 Equity instruments granted by the then ultimate holding company to
                 employees of the Group

                 The grant by the then ultimate holding company of equity instruments
                 under its employee stock incentive plan to the employees of the Group
                 (including directors of the Company) is treated as equity-settled share-
                 based payments in the consolidated financial statements. An expense
                 for the grant date fair value of the equity instruments under the
                 employee stock incentive plan is recognized over the vesting period of
                 the instruments, with a corresponding increase in equity. The increase in
                 equity is treated as a deemed capital contribution into the Group and is
                 included in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve.

                Restricted share award payment transactions

                 For shares of the Group granted under Restricted Share Award Scheme
                 and Global Partner Program Share Scheme (“Restricted Shares”),
                 the fair value of the employee services received is determined by
                 reference to the fair value of the Restricted Shares granted at the
                 grant date and is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
                 period, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-
                 based compensation reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the
                 Group revises its estimates of the number of Restricted Shares that
                 are expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market
                 vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is
                 recognized in the profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects
                 the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity-settled
                 share-based compensation reserve.

                 When the Restricted Shares vested, the amount previously recognized in
                 equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will be transferred to
                 share premium.




136   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

       Taxation

       Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and
       deferred tax.

       The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable
       profit differs from profit before tax because of income or expense that
       are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
       or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax
       rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
       reporting period.

       Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying
       amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements
       and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
       profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable
       temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for
       all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
       that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible
       temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and
       liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the
       initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
       liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
       accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if
       the temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

       Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences
       associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates except where
       the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
       and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
       foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
       differences associated with such investments are only recognized to
       the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits
       against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they
       are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

       The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each
       reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
       that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
       asset to be recovered.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Taxation (Continued)

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are
                 expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset
                 is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                 substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

                 The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax
                 consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group
                 expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
                 carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in
                 which the Group recognizes the right-of-use assets and the related lease
                 liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                 attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                 For leasing transaction in which the tax deductions are attributable to
                 the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements
                 to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to
                 right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess
                 of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the
                 principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary
                 differences.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
                 enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
                 liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
                 entity by the same taxation authority.

                 Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when
                 they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income
                 or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are
                 also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
                 respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial
                 accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
                 accounting for the business combination.




138   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Taxation (Continued)

       In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group
       considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax authority will accept
       the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual
       group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and
       deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the
       income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority
       will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
       reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

      Property, plant and equipment

       Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use
       in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative
       purposes. Property, plant and equipment other than assets under
       construction in progress are stated in the consolidated statement of
       financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
       accumulated impairment losses, if any.

       Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less
       subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

       Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for
       production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
       recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
       to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be
       capable of operating in the manner intended by management and, for
       qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance with the
       Group’s accounting policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis
       as other assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended
       use.

       Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other
       than property, plant and equipment in the course of construction less
       their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-
       line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
       method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period, with the effect of
       any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                 An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal
                 or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the
                 continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
                 or retirement of property, plant and equipment is determined as the
                 difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
                 asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

                Intangible assets

                Intangible assets acquired separately

                 Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are
                 carried at costs less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
                 impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
                 lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
                 lives. The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed
                 at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
                 estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

                Internally-generated intangible asset — research and development
                expenditure

                 Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the
                 period in which it is incurred.

                 An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development
                 activities is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been
                 demonstrated:

                 •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it
                      will be available for use or sale;

                 •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                 •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

                 •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                      benefits;

                 •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to
                      complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

140   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Intangible assets (Continued)

      Internally-generated intangible asset — research and development
      expenditure (Continued)

       •   the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the
           intangible asset during its development.

       The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset
       is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date when the intangible
       asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
       generated intangible asset can be recognized, development expenditure is
       recognized in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

       Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets
       are reported at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated
       impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
       acquired separately.

      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

       Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized
       separately from goodwill and are initially recognized at their fair value at
       the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

       Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business
       combination with finite useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated
       amortization and any accumulated impairment losses on the same basis
       as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

       An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future
       economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses
       arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
       difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
       the asset, are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
                contract costs and intangible assets other than goodwill

                 At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying
                 amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
                 intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine
                 whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an
                 impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of
                 the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
                 impairment loss (if any).

                 The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-
                 use assets, and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is
                 not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
                 estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which
                 the asset belongs.

                 In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are
                 allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and
                 consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they
                 are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which
                 a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The
                 recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group
                 of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
                 compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit
                 or group of cash-generating units.

                 Before the Group recognizes an impairment loss for assets capitalized
                 as contract costs under IFRS 15, the Group assesses and recognizes
                 any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant contracts
                 in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any,
                 for assets capitalized as contract costs is recognized to the extent the
                 carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that the
                 Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less
                 the costs which relate directly to providing those goods or services that
                 have not been recognized as expenses. The assets capitalized as contract
                 costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit
                 to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that
                 cash-generating unit.




142   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
      assets, contract costs and intangible assets other than goodwill
      (Continued)

       Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and
       value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
       are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
       reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
       the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the
       estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

       If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is
       estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
       asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
       For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be
       allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit,
       the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating
       units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
       of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units,
       with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In
       allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to
       reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to
       the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of
       each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying
       amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less
       costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and
       zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
       allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit
       or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized
       immediately in profit or loss.

       Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of
       the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is
       increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
       the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
       would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
       the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units)
       in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
       in profit or loss.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Inventories

                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
                 Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted average method. Net
                 realizable value represents the contracted selling price less all estimated
                 costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
                 necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable
                 to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make
                 the sale.

                Provisions

                 Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal
                 or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group
                 will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can
                 be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognized as a
                 provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
                 present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
                 the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is
                 measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
                 its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the
                 effect of the time value of money is material).

                Financial instruments

                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group
                 entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
                 All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
                 derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are
                 purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
                 the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
                 place.

                 Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value
                 except for trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which
                 are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that
                 are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets
                 and financial liabilities (other than financial assets at FVTPL) are added
                 to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
                 liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
                 attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized
                 immediately in profit or loss.


144   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

       The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized
       cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest
       income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
       interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
       receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that
       form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
       other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial
       asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
       net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Financial assets

       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently
       measured at amortized cost:

       •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is
           to collect contractual cash flows; and

       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
           are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
           outstanding.

       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently
       measured at FVTOCI:

       •   the financial assets is held within a business model whose objective is
           achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and

       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
           are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
           outstanding.

       All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except
       that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably
       elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
       in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither
       held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in
       a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 (Continued)

                 A financial asset is held for trading if:

                 •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near
                       term; or

                 •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial
                       instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent
                       actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                 •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging
                       instrument.

                 In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is
                 required to be measured at the amortized cost or FVTOCI as measured
                 at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
                 mismatch.

                 (i)   Amortized cost and interest income

                       Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for
                       financial assets measured subsequently at amortized cost. Interest
                       income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the
                       gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
                       that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets
                       that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
                       recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized
                       cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                       credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
                       that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income
                       is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                       carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the
                       reporting period following the determination that the asset is no
                       longer credit-impaired.




146   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
       (Continued)

       (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

              Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently
              measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in
              fair value recognized in OCI and accumulated in FVTOCI reserve; and
              are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or
              loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
              instruments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.

              Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are
              recognized in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
              dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
              recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included
              in the “other gains and losses” line item in profit or loss.

       (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

              Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at
              amortized cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at
              FVTPL.

              Financial assets as FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of
              each reporting, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in profit
              or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any
              interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
              gains and losses” line item.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                 assessment under IFRS 9

                 The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit
                 loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade receivables, loan
                 receivables, receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of
                 customers, other receivables, other financial assets, other long-term
                 deposits, bill receivables, time deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank
                 balances) and other items (finance lease receivables and contract assets)
                 which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount
                 of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk
                 since initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
                 events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast,
                 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
                 expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
                 after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on the Group’s
                 historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to
                 the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the
                 current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
                 conditions.

                 The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivable, contract
                 assets and finance lease receivables.

                 For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to
                 12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk
                 since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL.
                 The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on
                 significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since
                 initial recognition.




148   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since
             initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring
             on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk
             of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of
             initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
             both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
             supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
             information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when
             assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

             •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial
                 instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit rating;

             •   significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit
                 risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit
                 default swap prices for the debtor;

             •   existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or
                 economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant
                 decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

             •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating
                 results of the debtor;

             •   an actual or expected significant adverse change in the
                 regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor
                 that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                 meet its debt obligations.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                 assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

                 (i)	Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                        Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group
                        presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                        recognition when contractual payments are more than 60 days past
                        due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                        that demonstrates otherwise.

                        The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used
                        to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit
                        risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
                        capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the
                        amount becomes past due.

                 (ii)   Definition of default

                        For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event
                        of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained
                        from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                        creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                        collaterals held by the Group).

                        Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default
                        has occurred when a financial asset is more than 180 days past
                        due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                        to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                        appropriate.




150   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of
           default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
           flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
           asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
           events:

           a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

           b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

           c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual
                reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
                granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                not otherwise consider;

           d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy
                or other financial reorganization; or

           e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset
                because of financial difficulties.

       (iv) Write-off policy

           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information
           indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and
           there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written
           off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
           recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
           appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
           subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                 assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

                 (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

                      The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default,
                      loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default)
                      and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
                      of default and loss given default is based on historical data and
                      forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased
                      and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the
                      respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses
                      a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using
                      a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss
                      experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available
                      without undue cost or effort.

                      Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash
                      flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and
                      the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                      effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease
                      receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent
                      with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
                      accordance with IFRS 16.

                      Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables/contract assets/finance
                      lease receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                      consideration past due information and relevant credit information
                      such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

                      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the
                      following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

                      •     Past-due status;

                      •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                      •     External credit ratings where available.


152   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

           The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the
           constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk
           characteristics.

           Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount
           of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in
           which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of
           the financial asset.

           The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for
           all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
           exception of trade receivables, finance lease receivables, receivables
           for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers and contract
           assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a
           loss allowance account.

       Derecognition/modification of financial assets

       The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual
       rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the
       financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
       of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
       substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to
       control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest
       in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If
       the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a
       transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial
       asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds
       received.

       On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the
       difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
       consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                 Derecognition/modification of financial assets (Continued)

                 On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group
                 has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative
                 gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not
                 reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.

                 A modification of a financial asset occurs if the contractual cash flows are
                 renegotiated or otherwise modified.

                 When the contractual terms of a financial asset are modified, the
                 Group assesses whether the revised terms result in a substantial
                 modification from original terms taking into account all relevant facts and
                 circumstances including qualitative factors. If qualitative assessment is
                 not conclusive, the Group considers the terms are substantially different
                 if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms,
                 including any fees paid net of any fees received, and discounted using
                 the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from
                 the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original
                 financial asset.

                 For non-substantial modifications of financial assets that do not result
                 in derecognition, the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets
                 will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash
                 flows discounted at the financial assets’ original effective interest rate.
                 Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount
                 of the modified financial assets and are amortized over the remaining
                 term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial asset is
                 recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.

                Financial liabilities and equity

                 Classification as debt or equity

                 Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as
                 either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance
                 of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability
                 and an equity instrument.


154   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

       Equity instruments

       An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest
       in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity
       instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
       received, net of direct issue costs.

       Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and
       deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss
       on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
       instruments.

       Financial liabilities at amortized cost

       Financial liabilities including borrowings and trade and other payables are
       subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest
       method.

       Derecognition of financial liabilities

       The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when,
       the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired.
       The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
       derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in
       profit or loss.

      Derivative financial instruments

       Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date when
       derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured
       to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain
       or loss is recognized in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated
       and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of
       the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge
       relationship.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Hedge accounting

                 The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair
                 value hedges and cash flow hedges.

                 At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the
                 relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along
                 with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
                 various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge
                 and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging
                 instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                 flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

                 For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a
                 component thereof) is highly probable, the Group assumes that the
                 interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or
                 non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest
                 rate benchmark reform.

                 Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

                 For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the
                 hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                 flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
                 the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
                 requirements:

                 •    there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the
                      hedging instrument;

                 •    the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that
                      result from that economic relationship; and

                 •    the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that
                      resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
                      actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
                      entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.




156   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Hedge accounting (Continued)

       Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (Continued)

       If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
       requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective
       for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group
       adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the
       hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

       For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument
       required by interest rate benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal
       designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the changes by the end
       of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made.
       Such an amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship
       constitutes neither the discontinuation of the hedging relationship nor the
       designation of a new hedging relationship.

       Fair value hedges

       The fair value change on qualifying hedging instruments is recognized in
       profit or loss.

       The carrying amount of a hedged item not already measured at fair value
       is adjusted for the fair value change attributable to the hedged risk with a
       corresponding entry in profit or loss.

       Where hedging gains or losses are recognized in profit or loss, they are
       recognized in the same line as the hedged item.

       The Group separates the intrinsic value and time value of certain forward
       extra contracts and designates as the hedging instrument only the change
       in intrinsic value and not the change in its time value. The change in
       fair value of the time value shall be recognized in other comprehensive
       income to the extent that it relates to the hedged item and shall be
       accumulated in a separate component of equity.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Hedge accounting (Continued)

                 Cash flow hedges

                 The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives
                 instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is
                 recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the
                 heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative change
                 in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or
                 loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit
                 or loss, and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

                 When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the
                 changes that are required by the interest rate benchmark reform, the
                 amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to be
                 based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash
                 flows are determined.

                 Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income and
                 accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when
                 the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line as the recognized
                 hedged item. However, when the hedged forecast transaction results in
                 the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the
                 gains and losses previously recognized in other comprehensive income
                 and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and included in the
                 initial measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial
                 liability. This transfer does not affect other comprehensive income.
                 Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the loss accumulated
                 in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in the future that
                 amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.




158   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

     3.2	Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)

         Hedge accounting (Continued)

         Discontinuation of hedge accounting

         The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the
         hedging relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying
         criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when
         the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised.
         Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in
         its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting continues
         for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

         For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognized in other comprehensive
         income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is
         recognized when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognized in
         profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
         the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognized immediately in profit
         or loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described
     in Note 3, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying
     assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
     considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumption are reviewed on an on-going basis.
     Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the
     estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
     of the revision and future periods if revision affects both current and future
     periods.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

           The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving
           estimations, that the directors of the Company have made in the process of
           applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant
           effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

           Performance obligation determination

           For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. FFS
           and CMO contracts usually have multiple deliverable units, which are generally
           in the form of technical laboratory reports, samples and/or goods), the Group
           allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative
           stand-alone selling price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and
           variable consideration.

           A performance obligation represents a good and service that is distinct or a
           series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. In certain
           sales contracts, the Group is required to fulfil multiple promised goods and/
           or services. In determining performance obligations, the management of the
           Group used judgements and interpretation of the contracts in identification of
           contractual components and related performance obligations, based on which
           the management of the Group concluded those goods and/or services as single
           or combined performance obligations.

           Judgement in identifying whether a contract includes a lease — a
           contract manufacturing agreement for certain vaccine products with an
           independent third party customer

           The Group entered into a contract manufacturing agreement pursuant to
           which the Group shall build an integrated vaccine manufacturing facility in
           Ireland, and manufacture for, and supply to, an independent global vaccine
           leader (the “Vaccine Partner”) certain vaccine products for a 20-year period.
           The Group has only one manufacturing facility and the related plant and
           machinery that can meet the needs of the Vaccine Partner and is unable
           to source the vaccine products from other third party supplier. The Group
           makes substantially all decisions about the operations in order to fulfill the
           performance obligations in the contracts.




160   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
    ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

   Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)

  Judgement in identifying whether a contract includes a lease — a
  contract manufacturing agreement for certain vaccine products with an
  independent third party customer (Continued)

   The directors of the Company assessed whether the Vaccine Partner has the
   right to direct the use of the manufacturing facility and whether contract with
   the Vaccine Partner contains a lease. After assessing the right to direct the
   use of the identified assets, the directors of the Company have considered
   that the Vaccine Partner does not have the right to direct how and for what
   purpose the manufacturing facility is designed and constructed throughout the
   construction and production period. As a result, the directors of the Company
   concluded that the Vaccine Partner does not have the right to direct the use
   of the manufacturing facility, and therefore the contract does not contain a
   lease.

  Determination on lease term of contracts with renewal options

   The Group applies judgement to determine the lease term for lease contracts
   in which it is a lessee that include renewal option. The assessment of whether
   the Group is reasonably certain to exercise renewal options impacts the lease
   term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use
   assets recognized. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either
   a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is within the
   control of lessee and that affects the assessment.

   When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts
   and circumstances including economic incentives/penalties for exercising or
   not exercising the options. Factors considered include:

   •   contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared
       with market rates (e.g. whether the amount of payments in the optional
       periods is below the market rates);

   •   costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of
       identifying another underlying asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

   During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Group entered into several
   lease contracts in which the Group is a lessee that include renewal option. The
   Group determines that it is reasonably certain to exercise the renewal option
   based on facts and circumstances for the lease, resulted in an additional
   amount of RMB202,678,000 (2020: RMB150,879,000) of right-of-use assets
   and lease liabilities recognized.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty

           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key
           sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that
           may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
           amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

           Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets

           The Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables
           and contract assets which are not assessed individually using a provision
           matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of
           various debtors taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates
           and forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
           without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed
           default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information
           are considered.

           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The management
           of the Group has considered the impact of Covid-19 pandemic on the average
           loss rate used in the ECL model as at December 31, 2021. The information
           about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets and are
           disclosed in Note 37(b).

           As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of trade receivables and
           contract assets are RMB3,123,755,000 and RMB132,545,000 respectively
           (2020: RMB2,332,698,000 and RMB24,069,000).

           Fair value measurements of unlisted equity investments

           As at December 31, 2021, certain of the Group’s investments in unlisted
           equity instruments accounted under financial assets at FVTPL, equity
           instruments at FVTOCI and investment of an associate measured at FVTPL
           amounting to RMB599,262,000 (2020: RMB373,229,000), RMB94,413,000
           (2020: RMB127,167,000) and RMB752,275,000 (2020: RMB187,520,000)
           respectively are measured at fair value being determined based on direct
           or indirect observable inputs or significant unobservable inputs using
           valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing
           the relevant valuation techniques and relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
           assumption relating to these factors could affect the fair values of these
           instruments. Details of the fair value measurement are disclosed in Note 37(c).




162   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
    ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

  Estimated impairment of goodwill

   Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the
   recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
   units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value
   in use or fair value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires
   the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to arise from the cash-
   generating unit (or a group of cash-generating units) and an appropriate
   discount rate in order to calculate the present value. Where the actual future
   cash flows are less than expected, or change in facts and circumstances
   which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of
   discount rate, a material impairment loss may arise.

   As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amount of goodwill is RMB1,529,914,000
   (2020: RMB185,408,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are
   disclosed in Note 16.

  Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
  assets and intangible assets

   Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
   stated at costs less accumulated depreciation/amortization and impairment,
   if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise
   judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an
   event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2)
   whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
   amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash
   flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3)
   the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable
   amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate.
   When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
   asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
   amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belongs, including
   allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of
   allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at
   the smallest group of cash-generating units, for which the relevant corporate
   assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates,
   including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections,
   could materially affect recoverable amounts.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

           Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
           assets and intangible assets (Continued)

           During the year ended December 31, 2021, the management of the Group
           assessed whether an event, including but not limited to the Covid-19 pandemic
           impacts, has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value
           and concluded no event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the
           asset value thus no further impairment assessment on property, plant and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets performed.

           Impairment of contract costs

           The Group assesses periodically if contract costs may not be recoverable
           based on an assessment of the remaining amount of consideration the Group
           expects to receive in exchange of goods or services. Impairment are applied
           to contract costs where events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
           remaining amount of consideration to receive less the costs directly related
           to providing goods or services that have not been recognized as expense is
           lower than the carrying amount of contract costs. The remaining amount of
           consideration to receive has been determined based on the remaining amount
           of consideration expected to be recognized upon the completion of the
           contract. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
           difference will impact the carrying value of contract costs in the year in which
           such estimate changes.

           As at December 31, 2021, the carrying amounts of contract costs was
           R M B1,005,470,000 (2020: R M B392,123,000) (n e t o f w r i t e d o w n s o f
           RMB103,923,000 (2020: RMB13,266,000)).




164   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021




5.   REVENUE

     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

           The Group derives its revenue from the transfer of goods and services at a
           point in time and over time in the following major service lines:

                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

           Type of goods or services

           Services
           — Research services on FFS basis                     8,035,344         5,359,823
           — Research services on full-time-equivalent
               (“FTE”) basis                                       240,513           131,749
           — Project management organization (“PMO”)
               services                                             17,975              2,051

                                                                8,293,832         5,493,623

           Sales of goods
           — Sales of goods on CMO basis                        1,649,289             33,524
           — Sales of other Biologics Products
               (as defined in (iii))                              346,929             85,237

                                                                 1,996,218            118,761

           Total                                              10,290,050          5,612,384


                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

           Timing of revenue recognition

           A point in time
           — Research services on FFS basis                     8,002,518         5,343,713
           — Sales of goods on CMO basis                        1,649,289            33,524
           — Sales of other Biologics Products                    346,929            85,237

           Over time
           — Research services on FFS basis                         32,826             16,110
           — Research services on FTE basis                        240,513           131,749
           — PMO services                                           17,975              2,051

           Total                                              10,290,050          5,612,384


                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      5.	REVENUE (Continued)

           (ii) T r a n s a c t i o n p r i c e a l l o c a t e d t o t h e r e m a i n i n g p e r f o r m a n c e
                obligation for contracts with customers

                 The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance
                 obligations of goods or services that are unsatisfied (or partially
                 unsatisfied) are approximately RMB87,710 million as at December 31,
                 2021 (December 31, 2020: RMB73,888 million) including no variable
                 consideration. The management of the Group expects the transaction
                 price allocated to the unsatisfied contracts will be recognized as revenue
                 with approximately RMB8,607 million within one year (December 31,
                 2020: RMB6,101 million), approximately RMB21,559 million in 2–5 years
                 (December 31, 2020: RMB18,038 million), approximately RMB26,835 million
                 in 5–10 years (December 31, 2020: RMB31,711 million) and the remaining
                 approximately RMB30,709 million will be recognized as revenue over
                 10 years from the year ended December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020:
                 RMB18,038 million).

                 For the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment,
                 the chief operating decision maker (i.e. the chief executive officer of
                 the Company) reviews the overall results and financial position of the
                 Group as a whole prepared based on the same accounting policies as
                 set out in Note 3. Accordingly, the Group has only one single operating
                 and reportable segment and no further analysis of this single segment is
                 presented.

                Geographical information

                 An analysis of the Group’s revenue from external customers, analyzed by
                 their respective country/region of operation, is detailed below:

                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

                 Revenue
                 — North America                                                 5,228,865           2,479,155
                 — PRC                                                           2,510,740           2,464,118
                 — Europe                                                        2,276,262            446,604
                 — Rest of the world                                               274,183            222,507

                                                                               10,290,050            5,612,384


                 As at December 31, 2021, the Group’s non-current assets located in
                 Ireland, Germany, USA and Singapore amount to RMB7,743,261,000,
                 RMB2,388,062,000, RMB1,078,688,000 and RMB3,954,000 respectively
                 (2020: RMB5,835,495,000, RMB962,725,000, RMB452,971,000 and nil
                 respectively), the remaining of the non-current assets are located in the
                 PRC.
166   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




5.	REVENUE (Continued)

   (ii)	
        Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance
        obligation for contracts with customers (Continued)

      Information about major customers

       Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10%
       of the total sales of the Group are as follows:

                                                                2021             2020
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

       Customer A (note)                                    1,520,777                 N/A


      Note:    N/A: not disclosed as amount less than 10% of total revenue.

   (iii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

      Research services on FFS basis

       The Group primarily earns revenue by providing research services to its
       customers through FFS contracts. Contract duration ranges from few
       months to years.

      Typical FFS contracts

       Majority of FFS contracts entered by the Group contain multiple
       deliverable units, which are generally in the form of technical laboratory
       reports and/or samples, each with individual selling price specified in the
       contract. Usually, the Group identifies each deliverable unit as a separate
       performance obligation, and recognizes FFS revenue of contractual
       elements at the point upon acceptance of the deliverable units or
       after the end of a confirmation period. The contracts include payment
       schedules which require stage payments over the research period once
       certain specified milestones are reached. The Group’s performance does
       not create an asset with alternative future use since the Group cannot
       redirect the asset for use on another customer, and at the same time the
       Group has a present right to payment from the customers for services
       performed only upon acceptance of the deliverable units, therefore, the
       directors of the Company have concluded that the performance obligation
       of such FFS contract is satisfied at a point in time and recognized the FFS
       revenue at a point in time.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      5.	REVENUE (Continued)

           (iii)	Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

                Research services on FFS basis (Continued)

                Typical FFS contracts (Continued)

                 In addition, usually there is a performance obligation embedded in the
                 abovementioned FFS contracts namely project management service for
                 which the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
                 simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
                 performances. As such, the directors of the Company concluded that the
                 performance obligation of the project management service is satisfied
                 over time and the associated revenue is recognized over the service
                 period using input method.

                Other FFS contracts

                 For certain type of FFS contracts, services are delivered to the customers
                 based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance
                 obligation as the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
                 alternative future use and the contract terms specify that the Group has
                 an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
                 Therefore, revenue generated from such FFS contracts is recognized over
                 time using input method.

                Research services on FTE basis

                 For the research services provided on a FTE basis, the Group provides its
                 customer with a project team of employees dedicated to the customer’s
                 studies for a specific period of time and charges the customer at a
                 fixed hourly/daily rate per employee. For the services under FTE model,
                 the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
                 simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
                 performances. Therefore, the performance obligation of FTE services is
                 satisfied over time and FTE revenue is recognized over the service period.
                 The customers shall pay the Group a prorated amount for the service
                 based on the fixed rate per employee.




168   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




5.	REVENUE (Continued)

   (iii)	Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

      Sales of goods on CMO basis and other Biologics Products

       The Group engages in production and sales of drug substance and/
       or drug products on CMO basis or biologics purification medium and
       chromatographic column (“other Biologics Products”) under customers’
       specific order. The directors of the Company have determined that
       performance obligations are satisfied upon customers’ acceptance of
       the deliverable goods. Therefore, the performance obligations of CMO
       contracts and other Biologics Products are satisfied at a point in time and
       the associated revenue is recognized at a point in time upon customers’
       acceptance of the deliverable goods.

      PMO services

       The Group engages in PMO by providing its customers with the
       construction project management service on facilities. For PMO services,
       the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
       simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
       performances. Therefore, the management of the Group have concluded
       that the performance obligation on PMO services is satisfied over time
       and the associated revenue is recognized over the service period using
       input method.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

           Interest income from banks and other financial
             assets at amortized cost                                      58,026          80,864
           Research and other grants related to
             — Asset (note i)                                             26,292           10,953
             — Income (note ii)                                           111,638         127,201
           Others                                                             649            1,119

                                                                         196,605          220,137


           Notes:

           i.    The Group has received certain research and other grants for investing in
                 laboratory equipment. The grants were recognized in profit or loss over the useful
                 lives of the relevant assets. Details of the grants are set out in Note 34.

           ii.   The research and other grants received by the Group during the year were mainly
                 related to the Group’s contribution to the local high-tech industry and economy.
                 These grants are unconditional and accounted for as immediate financial support
                 with neither future related costs expected to be incurred nor related to any assets
                 of the Group.


      7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

           Net foreign exchange loss                                      (32,584)        (91,298)
           Gain on derivative financial instruments                        32,593              —
           Fair value gain on
             — listed equity securities at FVTPL                          164,106         341,595
             — unlisted equity investments at FVTPL                        74,428           3,030
             — investment of an associate measured
                   at FVTPL                                              366,053               —
             — wealth management products                                 60,853           26,812
           Others                                                            188            3,265

                                                                         665,637         283,404




170   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




8.   FINANCING COSTS

                                                                 2021             2020
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

     Interest expense on financing component of an
       advance payment received from a customer                   9,752             8,377
     Interest expense on bank borrowings                         53,509            57,143
     Interest expense on lease liabilities                       39,966            20,901
     Less: amounts capitalized in the cost of qualifying
       assets                                                   (64,036)          (43,689)

                                                                  39,191           42,732


     During the current year, borrowing cost arose on the certain general
     borrowings were capitalized to expenditure on qualifying assets at rates
     varying from 1.29% to 2.31% (2020: 1.5% to 3.68%) per annum.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      9.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

           Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000

           Depreciation for property, plant and equipment          528,558       358,754
           Depreciation for right-of-use assets                     126,871       68,234
           Amortization of intangible assets                         47,669       32,049

                                                                   703,098       459,037

           Staff cost (including directors’ emoluments):
           — Salaries and other benefits                         3,572,689      1,787,662
           — Retirement benefits scheme contributions              208,076        102,849
           — Share-based payment expenses                          577,952        284,177

                                                                  4,358,717     2,174,688

           Less: Capitalized in contract costs and property,
             plant and equipment                                 (1,325,201)    (773,472)

                                                                  3,736,614     1,860,253

           Impairment losses, under expected credit loss
             model, net of reversal
           — Trade receivables                                      129,664       116,679
           — Contract assets                                          2,712          (567)
           — Receivables for purchase of raw materials
               on behalf of customers                                24,291        4,950

                                                                    156,667       121,062

           Covid-19-related rent concessions                            (188)       (484)
           Auditors’ remuneration                                      6,010       4,280
           Write-down of inventories (included in cost of
             sales and services)                                    235,217       29,609
           Reversals of write-down of inventories (included in
             cost of sales and services)                            (14,656)      (10,268)
           Write-down of contract costs (included in cost of
             sales and services)                                    90,488        13,266
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment           870         2,660
           Cost of inventories recognized as an expense          2,338,374       943,839




172   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                 2021             2020
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current tax:
    — PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                        664,266            272,590
    — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                     123,519            36,061
   Over provision in prior years                              (137,255)          (108,805)

                                                               650,530            199,846
   Deferred tax:
    — Current year                                            (165,992)            73,220

                                                               484,538           273,066


   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and
   Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the EIT rate of the PRC subsidiaries
   is 25%, with the exception of WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd. (“WuXi Co.”), WuXi
   Biologics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Biologics”), WuXi XDC Co., Ltd
   (“Wuxi XDC”), Bestchrom (Zhejiang) Biosciences Co., Ltd. (“Bestchrom
   Zhejiang”, formerly known as Pinghu U-Pure Biosciences Co., Ltd.), WuXi
   Biologics (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Biologics”), WuXi Vaccines Co., Ltd. (“Wuxi
   Vaccines”), WuXi XDC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai XDC”), WuXi Biologics
   New Tech Co., Ltd. (“WuXi New Tech”), WuXi Yakang Investments Co., Ltd.
   (“WuXi Yakang”), WuXi Biologics Biosafety Testing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
   (“Shanghai Testing”), and WuXi Kangze Investments Management Co., Ltd.
   (“WuXi Kangze”) which are eligible for a lower tax rate as detailed below.

   Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime in Hong Kong, the first HK$2
   million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and
   profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%.

   According to PRC tax laws, WuXi Co., Shanghai Biologics and Bestchrom
   Zhejiang were accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” and
   were therefore entitled to a preferential EIT rate of 15% for a period of three
   years starting from 2019 which is renewable upon expiry in year 2021.

   According to PRC tax laws, Wuxi XDC was accredited as a “High and New
   Technology Enterprise” and was therefore entitled to a preferential EIT rate of
   15% for a period of three years starting from 2020 which is renewable upon
   expiry in year 2022.

   The directors of the Company are of the view that it is very probable that the
   subsidiaries which are eligible for “High and New Technology Enterprise” tax
   preference are able to extend their accreditation upon expiry.



                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      10.	INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

           Beijing Biologics, Wuxi Vaccines, Shanghai XDC, WuXi New Tech, WuXi
           Yakang, Shanghai Testing and WuXi Kangze are eligible for “Micro and Small
           Enterprise” tax preference for the current year.

           Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the
           relevant jurisdictions.

                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

           Profit before tax                                        3,993,119      1,965,760

           Tax charge at the EIT rate of 25%                          998,280         491,440
           Tax effect of income that is exempt from taxation         (134,435)       (148,316)
           Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax
             purpose                                                  183,947        254,347
           Over provision in respect of prior years                  (137,255)      (108,805)
           Effect of research and development expenses
             that are additionally deducted                           (82,347)        (45,124)
           Effect of unused tax losses not recognized as
             deferred tax assets                                      129,285          10,501
           Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized
             as deferred tax assets                                     (1,076)       (41,619)
           Tax at concessionary rates                                (413,749)      (163,065)
           Increase in opening deferred tax assets resulting
             from an increase in applicable tax rates                    (560)             —
           Effect of different tax rate of operating entities in
             other jurisdiction                                       (57,552)        23,707

           Income tax expense                                        484,538         273,066




174   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

   Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and the Chief
   Executive of the Company for the service provided to the Group during the
   years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Chief Executive and executive director:
   Dr. Zhisheng Chen (note i)
     — director’s fee                                             —                —
     — salaries and other benefits                            3,027             3,000
     — performance-based bonus (note iv)                      1,500             1,500
     — retirement benefits scheme contributions                   —                —
     — share-based compensation                              46,267            26,865

                                                             50,794            31,365


                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Executive director:
   Dr. Weichang Zhou
     — director’s fee                                              —               —
     — salaries and other benefits                             1,815            1,670
     — performance-based bonus (note iv)                         717              668
     — retirement benefits scheme contributions                   85               71
     — share-based compensation                               11,587            4,668

                                                             14,204             7,077


   The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their service
   in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the
   Group.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

                                                                 2021         2020
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

           Non-executive directors:
           Dr. Ge Li
             — director’s fee                                        —             —
             — salaries and other benefits                           —             —
             — performance-based bonus                               —             —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions              —             —
             — share-based compensation                              —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Mr. Edward Hu (note ii)
            — director’s fee                                          —           —
            — salaries and other benefits                             —           —
            — performance-based bonus                                 —           —
            — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —           —
            — share-based compensation                              194          409

                                                                    194          409

           Mr. Yibing Wu
            — director’s fee                                         —             —
            — salaries and other benefits                            —             —
            — performance-based bonus                                —             —
            — retirement benefits scheme contributions               —             —
            — share-based compensation                               —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Mr. Yanling Cao
            — director’s fee                                         —             —
            — salaries and other benefits                            —             —
            — performance-based bonus                                —             —
            — retirement benefits scheme contributions               —             —
            — share-based compensation                               —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Dr. Ning Zhao (note ii)
             — director’s fee                                      206             —
             — salaries and other benefits                           —             —
             — performance-based bonus                               —             —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions              —             —
             — share-based compensation                              —             —

                                                                   206             —


           The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services
           as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.

176   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (Continued)

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Independent non-executive directors:
   Mr. William Robert Keller
     — director’s fee                                             187               200
     — salaries and other benefits                                  —                —
     — performance-based bonus                                      —                —
     — retirement benefits scheme contributions                     —                —
     — share-based compensation                                   206               204

                                                                  393               404


   Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
    — director’s fee                                               —                198
    — salaries and other benefits                                  —                 —
    — performance-based bonus                                      —                 —
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                     —                 —
    — share-based compensation                                    413               268

                                                                  413               466


   Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III (note iii)
    — director’s fee                                              167               203
    — salaries and other benefits                                   —                —
    — performance-based bonus                                       —                —
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                      —                —
    — share-based compensation                                    219                —

                                                                  386               203


   Mr. Wo Felix Fong (notes iii)
    — director’s fee                                                —                 —
    — salaries and other benefits                                   —                 —
    — performance-based bonus                                       —                 —
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                      —                 —
    — share-based compensation                                      —                141

                                                                    —                141


   The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for
   their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.


                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

           Notes:

           i.     Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the Chief Executive of the Group and his emoluments
                  disclosed above included those for services rendered by him as the Chief
                  Executive.

           ii.    On June 16, 2021, Mr. Edward Hu resigned as non-executive director of the
                  Company and Dr. Ning Zhao was appointed as non-executive director of the
                  Company.

           iii.   On June 9, 2020, Mr. Wo Felix Fong resigned as independent non-executive
                  director of the Company. On the same day, Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III was
                  appointed as independent non-executive director of the Company instead.

           iv.    The performance-based bonus is discretionary based on the Group’s financial
                  results and the directors’ performance as reviewed by the remuneration
                  committee of the board of the directors of the Company and approved by the
                  board of the directors of the Company.

           Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

           The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group include two
           (2020: two) directors disclosed above. The emoluments of the five highest paid
           individuals (including directors) for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
           2020 were as follows:

                                                                        2021          2020
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

           Salaries and other benefits                                  13,013         10,839
           Performance-based bonus                                       5,467          4,105
           Retirement benefits scheme contributions                        168            137
           Share-based compensation                                     84,126         44,918

                                                                      102,774         59,999




178   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (Continued)

   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments (Continued)

   The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals were within the following
   bands:

                                                         Number of         Number of
                                                        individuals        individuals
                                                               2021              2020

   HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                     —                  1
   HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                     —                  1
   HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                      1                —
   HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                     —                  1
   HK$13,500,001 to HK$14,000,000                                    1                —
   HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                   —                  1
   HK$17,000,001 to HK$17,500,000                                    1                —
   HK$25,000,001 to HK$25,500,000                                    1                —
   HK$35,000,001 to HK$35,500,000                                   —                  1
   HK$61,000,001 to HK$61,500,000                                    1                —

                                                                     5                 5


   During the year ended December 31, 2021, no emoluments (2020: nil) were
   paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid
   individuals (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or
   upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the
   directors of the Company have waived any emoluments during the year ended
   December 31, 2021 (2020: nil).




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE

           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the
           following data:

                                                                  2021            2020
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

           Earnings:
           Earnings for the purpose of calculating basic
             and diluted earnings per share                   3,388,478        1,688,886


                                                                   2021            2020

           Number of shares:
           Weighted average number of ordinary
             shares for the purpose of calculating basic
             earnings per share                            4,173,681,127   3,952,963,529
           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
             Share options                                  214,224,668      231,435,303
             Restricted shares                               33,891,139       24,770,504

           Weighted average number of ordinary
            shares for the purpose of calculating
            diluted earnings per share                     4,421,796,934   4,209,169,336


           The weighted average number of ordinary shares shown above have been
           arrived at after deducting the weighted average effect on 42,721,312 shares
           (December 31, 2020: 42,434,881 shares) held by a trustee under Restricted
           Share Award Scheme as set out in Note 35 for the year ended December 31,
           2021.

           The effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares (i.e. share options and
           restricted shares) shown above and basic and diluted earnings per share were
           stated after taking into account the effect of the Share Subdivision as defined
           in Note 35.

      13. DIVIDENDS

           No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company
           during the year ended December 31, 2021, nor has any dividend been proposed
           since the end of the reporting period (2020: nil).




180   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                       Land,
                                                   Furniture                  buildings and                  Construction
                                               fixtures and    Transportation    staff living   Leasehold     in progress
                                 Machinery       equipment         equipment        quarters improvement           (“CIP”)        Total
                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                      (Note)

   COST
   As at January 1, 2020         2,003,802          191,016           1,921             —       1,153,207        3,817,710     7,167,656
   Additions                         6,214            7,242              —           9,787          16,197      6,084,361      6,123,801
   Transfer from CIP               329,258          130,160              —         484,712        135,272      (1,079,402)            —
   Disposals                        (4,940)          (2,637)           (125)      (193,344)             —           (1,266)     (202,312)
   Exchange alignment                   —                —               —              —               —          89,586         89,586

   At December 31, 2020          2,334,334         325,781           1,796         301,155     1,304,676       8,910,989      13,178,731

   Acquisition of Subsidiaries
     (Note 41)                     285,083          17,490             680         305,713       180,301           44,214        833,481
   Additions                         21,268          4,894             349           3,524         9,701       6,454,298      6,494,034
   Transfer from CIP             1,799,588         225,031            1,101      1,598,021       307,671       (3,931,412)             —
   Disposals                        (16,804)        (1,527)              —         (99,606)       (4,039)              —        (121,976)
   Exchange alignment                (2,042)             —               —          (11,516)      (3,556)       (605,448)      (622,562)

   At December 31, 2021          4,421,427         571,669           3,926       2,097,291     1,794,754      10,872,641      19,761,708


   DEPRECIATION AND
      IMPAIRMENT
   As at January 1, 2020           (558,122)       (54,655)            (716)            —        (215,706)              —        (829,199)
   Provided for the year          (235,596)         (35,100)          (343)         (4,842)       (82,873)              —       (358,754)
   Eliminated on disposals            3,726           1,587              80             —              —                —           5,393

   At December 31, 2020           (789,992)        (88,168)           (979)         (4,842)     (298,579)               —     (1,182,560)

   Provided for the year          (365,354)        (60,760)           (929)       (35,645)       (65,870)               —      (528,558)
   Eliminated on disposals           10,471          1,267               —            661           1,164               —        13,563
   Exchange alignment                    87              —               —            255          1,000                —         1,342

   At December 31, 2021          (1,144,788)      (147,661)          (1,908)       (39,571)     (362,285)               —     (1,696,213)


   CARRYING VALUES
   At December 31, 2020           1,544,342        237,613              817        296,313      1,006,097       8,910,989      11,996,171


   At December 31, 2021          3,276,639        424,008            2,018      2,057,720      1,432,469      10,872,641      18,065,495


   Note:       During the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group disposed the
               staff living quarters in Shanghai to eligible employees as part of employees’
               benefits, certain of which are under finance lease arrangement. Details are set
               out in Note 22.



                                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                      181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      14.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

           Except for freehold land and CIP, the above items of property, plant and
           equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis after taking into account of
           the residual value as follows:

           Machinery                                9%–18% per annum
           Furniture, fixtures and
             equipment                              9%–18% per annum
           Transportation equipment                 18% per annum
           Land, buildings and staff living
             quarters                               1.4%–4.5% per annum
           Leasehold improvement                    Over the shorter of the lease term or twenty
                                                      years

      15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                                   Leasehold         Leased
                                                       lands      properties    Machinery      Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

           As at December 31, 2021
           Carrying amount                              223,045    1,341,414      125,842    1,690,301

           As at December 31, 2020
           Carrying amount                              188,413     685,740            —      874,153

           For the year ended December 31,
             2021
           Depreciation charge                            3,915     116,263         6,693     126,871
           Capitalized in contract cost                      —      (24,224)            —     (24,224)
           Capitalized in property, plant and
             equipment                                       —      (66,519)       (6,587)    (73,106)

                                                          3,915      25,520           106      29,541


           For the year ended December 31,
             2020
           Depreciation charge                            3,368      64,866            —       68,234
           Capitalized in contract cost                       —       (7,419)          —        (7,419)
           Capitalized in property, plant and
             equipment                                       —      (26,721)           —      (26,721)

                                                          3,368      30,726            —       34,094




182   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




15.	RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                               2021             2020
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   Expense relating to short-term leases                       9,759             2,507
   Total cash outflow for leases                             155,658            72,486
   Additions to right-of-use assets                          960,468           490,865


   For both years, the Group leases various offices, laboratories, plant and
   equipment for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for a fixed term
   of two to ten years, but may have extension options as described in Note 4.
   Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
   of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing
   the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a
   contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

   Leasehold lands mainly represent upfront payments for leasehold lands in the
   PRC, for which the Group has obtained the land use right certificates.

   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for equipment and offices.
   As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar
   to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expenses
   are disclosed above.

   Restrictions or covenants on leases

   In addition, lease liabilities of RMB1,532,879,000 are recognized with related
   right-of-use assets of RMB1,467,256,000 as at December 31, 2021 (2020:
   lease liabilities of RMB727,224,000 and related right-of-use assets of
   RMB685,740,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other
   than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor.
   Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

   Rent concessions

   During the year ended December 31, 2021, the lessor of an office provided
   rent concessions to the Group through rent reductions of one month (2020:
   two months). These rent concessions occurred as a direct consequence of
   Covid-19 pandemic and met of all of the conditions in IFRS 16.46B, and the
   Group applied the practical expedient for not to assess whether the changes
   constitute lease modifications. The effects on changes in lease payments due
   to forgiveness or waiver by the lessors for the relevant leases of RMB188,000
   (2020: RMB484,000) were recognized as negative variable lease payments.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      16. GOODWILL

           As at December 31, 2021, goodwill amounting to RMB1,529,914,000 was
           arising from acquisition of (a) Bestchrom Zhejiang and Bestchrom (Shanghai)
           Biosciences Ltd. (“Bestchrom Shanghai”, together with Bestchrom Zhejiang
           referred to as “Bestchrom”), (b) CMAB Biopharma Limited (“CMAB BVI”) and
           its subsidiaries (together referred to as “CMAB Group”), and (c) Payload and
           Linker Business (as described in Note 41(c)), respectively.

                                                                                 Acquisition
                                                     Acquisition   Acquisition   of Payload
                                                              of     of CMAB     and Linker
                                                     Bestchrom          Group      Business      Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

           COST
           At December 31, 2020                         185,408             —             —     185,408
           Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries/
             business                                         —      1,129,313      215,193    1,344,506

           At December 31, 2021                         185,408      1,129,313      215,193    1,529,914


           CARRYING VALUES
           At December 31, 2021                         185,408      1,129,313      215,193    1,529,914


           At December 31, 2020                          185,408            —             —      185,408


           (a) Acquisition of Bestchrom

                 The goodwill amounted to RMB185,408,000 was arising from the
                 acquisition of 50.1% equity interest in Bestchrom Zhejiang and Bestchrom
                 Shanghai by the Group during the year ended December 31, 2019.

                 For the purposes of impairment testing, Bestchrom Zhejiang and
                 Bestchrom Shanghai are allocated as an individual cash-generating unit
                 (the “Bestchrom Unit”). The recoverable amount of the Bestchrom Unit
                 has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation
                 uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by
                 management covering a 5-year period, and pre-tax discount rate of 17%
                 (2020: 17%). Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects the current market
                 assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
                 Bestchrom Unit. The Bestchrom Unit’s cash flows beyond the 5-year
                 period are extrapolated using a steady 3% (2020: 3%) growth rate.
                 Other key assumptions for the value in use calculations related to the
                 estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include revenue growth rate,
                 such estimation is based on the Bestchrom Unit’s past performance and
                 management’s expectation for the market development.


184   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021




16.	GOODWILL (Continued)

   (a)	Acquisition of Bestchrom (Continued)

       Based on the above assessment, the management of the Group
       determines that there is no impairment on the Bestchrom Unit during and
       at the end of both reporting periods.

       The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of
       the Bestchrom Unit, the management of the Group believes that any
       reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not result
       in impairment.

   (b) Acquisition of CMAB Group

       The goodwill amounted to RMB1,129,313,000 was arising from the Group’s
       acquisition of 100% equity interest in CMAB Group during the year ended
       December 31, 2021. Details of the acquisition are disclosed in Note 41.

       For the purposes of impairment testing, CMAB Group are allocated as
       an individual cash-generating unit (the “CMAB Unit”). The recoverable
       amount of the CMAB Unit has been determined based on a value in use
       calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial
       budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period.

       The following table sets out the key assumptions for the value in use
       calculation of the CMAB Unit:

                                                                              December
                                                                                31, 2021

       Pre-tax discount rate (note i)                                              15%
       Expected annual growth rate till 2026 (note ii)                     3.6%–163.7%


      Notes:

       i.    Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects the current market assessments of the
             time value of money and the risks specific to the CMAB Unit.

       ii.   The compound growth rate calculated based on the expected annual growth
             rates till 2026 was 36% as at December 31, 2021. Based on the estimate
             made by the management with reference to revenue backlog and market
             development, the year-on-year growth rate of year 2022 was expected to
             be 163.7% as the production commissioning stage had been completed in the
             fourth quarter of year 2021, as such, the production capacity of the CMAB
             Unit would be normalized commencing year 2022.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      16.	GOODWILL (Continued)

           (b)	Acquisition of CMAB Group (Continued)

                 The cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a growth
                 rate based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed
                 the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry.

                 Based on the above assessment, the management of the Group
                 determines that there is no impairment on the CMAB Unit at the end of
                 the reporting period.

                 The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of the
                 CMAB Unit, the management of the Group believes that any reasonably
                 possible change in any of these assumptions would not result in
                 impairment.

           (c) Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business

                 The goodwill amounted to RMB215,193,000 was arising from the Group’s
                 acquisition of Payload and Linker Business during the year ended
                 December 31, 2021. Details of the acquisition are disclosed in Note 41.

                 For the purposes of impairment testing, the acquired Payload and Linker
                 Business as disclosed in Note 41 is allocated as an individual cash-
                 generating unit (the “Payload and Linker Unit”). The recoverable amount
                 of the Payload and Linker Unit has been determined based on a value
                 in use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on
                 financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period.

                 The following table sets out the key assumptions for the value in use
                 calculation of the Payload and Linker Unit:

                                                                                     December
                                                                                       31, 2021

                 Pre-tax discount rate (note i)                                            16%
                 Expected annual growth rate till 2026 (note ii)                   10.0%–30.0%


                Notes:

                 i.    Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects the current market assessments of the
                       time value of money and the risks specific to the Payload and Linker Unit.

                 ii.   The estimation of expected annual growth rate is based on the revenue
                       backlog and management’s expectation for the market development.




186   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




16.	GOODWILL (Continued)

   (c)	Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business (Continued)

       The cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a growth
       rate based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed
       the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry.

       Based on the above assessment, the management of the Group
       determines that there is no impairment on the Payload and Linker Unit
       during and at the end of the reporting period.

       As the acquisition date of Payload and Linker business was near the
       end of the reporting period, the management of the Group considers
       recoverable amount approximates the carrying amount as at December
       31, 2021. The management of the Group performed the sensitivity test
       by increasing 1% of discount rate or decreasing 5% of revenue growth
       rate, which are the key assumptions determine the recoverable amount
       of the goodwill, with all other variables held constant. The impacts on the
       amount by which the goodwill’s recoverable amount above its carrying
       amount (headroom) are as below:

                                                                            RMB’000

       Increasing discount rate by 1%                                         (26,373)
       Decreasing revenue growth rate by 5%                                   (45,513)




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      17. INVESTMENT OF AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED AT FVTPL

           Details of the Group’s associate at the end of the reporting period are as
           follows:

                                               Principal
                                  Country of place of       Proportion of ownership Proportion of voting rights
           Name of entity         registration business    interest held by the Group   held by the Group       Principal activity
                                                                 2021         2020          2021         2020

           Shanghai Duoning       PRC          PRC             18.44%        15.86%         20%           20%    Sales of serum-free media
             Biotechnology Co.,                                                                                    and disposable products,
             Ltd. (“Duoning”)                                                                                      formulation production
                                                                                                                   and services

           In December 2020, the Group entered into an investment agreement together
           with a series of share transfer agreements, pursuant to which, the Group
           would increase its shareholding in Duoning from 8.13% to 21.78% for a total
           consideration of RMB354,526,000. As at December 31, 2020, the Group had
           increased its shareholding in Duoning to 15.86% with consideration payable
           amounting to RMB154,526,000 recognized in “trade and other payables”.
           As at June 30, 2021, the aforementioned transaction has been completed
           and the Group’s shareholding in Duoning has been increased to 21.78% with
           consideration paid in full. Up to December 31, 2021, other investors further
           invested in Duoning and the Group’s shareholding in Duoning was diluted to
           18.44%.

           Details of the fair value measurement of the investment of an associate
           measured at FVTPL are set out in Note 37.

      18. DEFERRED TAXATION

           For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial
           position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The
           following is a summary of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
           purposes:

                                                                                                      2021                   2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

           Deferred tax assets                                                                      220,787                  80,136
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (124,211)              (180,885)

                                                                                                      96,576               (100,749)




188   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021




18.	DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

   The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized and
   movements thereon before offsetting during the reporting periods:

                                                                                          Fair value
                                        Allowance                                        adjustment
                                                on                            Deferred arising from
                                       inventories            Accelerated         rental acquisition Unrealized Derivative
                              Deferred and credit     Accrued          tax        under           of exchange financial Deductible
                               income       losses   expenses depreciation      IFRS 16 subsidiaries       gain instruments   loss     Others       Total
                              RMB’000 RMB’000        RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                RMB’000     RMB’000


   At January 1, 2020            19,178     13,292      7,590       (8,097)      4,053    (24,734)         —          —         —          27      11,309
   Credited (charged) to
     profit or loss             12,723     20,228       6,334       2,658        2,219      7,061    (124,375)        —         —         (68)    (73,220)
   Charged to OCI                   —          —           —           —            —          —           —     (38,447)       —          —      (38,447)
   Exchange alignment               —          —           —           —            —          —         (391)        —         —          —         (391)


   At December 31, 2020         31,901     33,520      13,924      (5,439)      6,272     (17,673) (124,766)     (38,447)       —         (41) (100,749)
   Credited (charged) to
     profit or loss              3,351     40,580       4,883       2,058        2,148      6,922    119,582          —     22,883    (36,415)   165,992
   Credited to OCI                  —           —           —           —            —          —          —     20,266          —          —     20,266
   Exchange alignment               —           —           —           —            —          —      5,184          —          —        (35)     5,149
   Acquisition of
     subsidiaries (Note 41)          —          —          —            —           —     (56,926)         —          —     62,844         —        5,918


   At December 31, 2021        35,252      74,100      18,807      (3,381)      8,420     (67,677)         —     (18,181)   85,727    (36,491)    96,576


   As at December 31, 2021, the Group had unused tax losses of RMB882,113,000
   (2020: RMB47,182,000) available to offset against future profits. A deferred
   tax asset has been recognized in respect of RMB342,908,000 (2020: nil) of
   such losses. No deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of the
   remaining RMB539,205,000 (2020: RMB47,182,000) due to the unpredictability
   of future profit streams.

   Apart from unused tax losses as mentioned above, at December 31, 2021, the
   Group had other deductible temporary differences of RMB809,219,000 (2020:
   RMB504,630,000), available to offset against future profits. As at December
   31, 2021 and 2020, all the deductible temporary differences had been
   recognized in deferred tax assets.




                                                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                          189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      18.	DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

           The unrecognized tax losses as at December 31, 2021 include RMB302,386,000
           (December 31, 2020: RMB41,601,000) of the losses arising from subsidiaries
           located in Hong Kong, Cayman Islands, USA, UK, Germany and Ireland
           which will be carried forward indefinitely until it’s fully offset. The remaining
           unrecognized tax losses will be carried forward and expire in years as follows:

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

           2022                                                        537            673
           2023                                                         512             89
           2024                                                      3,870           3,818
           2025                                                         710          1,001
           2026                                                     231,190             —

                                                                    236,819          5,581


           Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
           statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated
           profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB6,476,650,000 as at
           December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: RMB3,280,000,000) as the Group
           is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
           and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the
           foreseeable future.




190   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021




19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                      Customer        Patent and
                                    Technology      relationship          license         Total
                                      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                        (note i)          (note i)       (note ii)

   Cost
   At January 1, 2020                    57,600            47,400         341,628        446,628
   Exchange alignment                        —                 —            9,125          9,125

   At December 31, 2020                  57,600            47,400        350,753         455,753
   Acquisition of subsidiaries/
     business (Note 41)                  24,285           261,817               —        286,102
   Exchange alignment                        —                 —           (35,115)       (35,115)

   At December 31, 2021                  81,885           309,217         315,638        706,740

   Amortization
   At January 1, 2020                     (1,309)          (2,370)        (27,104)       (30,783)
   Charge for the year                   (5,236)           (9,480)        (17,333)       (32,049)
   Exchange alignment                         —                —            (1,064)        (1,064)

   At December 31, 2020                  (6,545)           (11,850)       (45,501)       (63,896)
   Charge for the year                   (6,248)          (24,592)        (16,829)       (47,669)
   Exchange alignment                        —                  —           5,479          5,479

   At December 31, 2021                 (12,793)         (36,442)         (56,851)      (106,086)

   Carrying Values
   At December 31, 2020                  51,055            35,550        305,252         391,857

   At December 31, 2021                  69,092          272,775         258,787        600,654


   Notes:

   i.    Technology and customer relationship were recognized as a result of the
         acquisitions of subsidiaries/business in 2019 and 2021. The amounts represented
         the intellectual property and existing customer relationships which have finite
         useful life and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
         lives of 11 to 16 and 5 to 10 years, respectively.

   ii.   On June 25, 2018, the Group entered into a platform license agreement with
         Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc. (“OMT”), an independent third party not
         connected to the Group, under which OMT has granted the Group a non-exclusive,
         non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use certain animals, namely,
         OmniRat, OmniMouse and OmniFlic, for the purpose of researching, developing,
         and making antibodies, for a cash consideration of US$51 million (equivalent to
         approximately RMB333,254,000). The Group has estimated the useful life of this
         license based on the management’s understanding of the technology and market,
         and determined the useful life in accordance with the estimation of the vendor,
         Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, for period of 18 years from 2018 to 2035.
         Accordingly, the license payment is amortized over 18 years on a straight-line
         basis.

                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

           Movement of equity instruments at FVTOCI are as follows:

                                                                                  RMB’000

           Unlisted equity instruments
           As at January 1, 2020                                                   138,826
           Fair value change                                                        (2,686)
           Exchange alignment                                                       (8,973)

           As at December 31, 2020                                                  127,167
           Fair value change                                                        (29,819)
           Exchange alignment                                                        (2,935)

           As at December 31, 2021                                                  94,413


           Details of the fair value measurement of the equity instrument at FVTOCI are
           set out in Note 37(c).

      21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                                      2021          2020
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

           Current assets
           Listed equity securities                                       —         112,403
           Wealth management products (note)                        975,578              66

           Financial assets at FVTPL                                975,578         112,469


           Non-current assets
           Listed equity securities                                 756,872        385,584
           Unlisted equity investments                              599,262        373,229

           Financial assets at FVTPL                               1,356,134       758,813


           Note: 
                 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group entered into several
                 contracts of wealth management products with banks under which the maturity
                 terms are within 12 months. For the wealth management products, returns are
                 determined by reference to the performance of the underlying instruments
                 in the currency market, the interbank market, the bond market, the security
                 and equity market and the derivative financial assets, and as such they are
                 recognized as financial assets at FVTPL. The expected return rates vary from
                 0.11% to 4.53% (December 31, 2020: 0.06 % to 1.77 %) per annum.



192   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




21.	FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (Continued)

   During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group managed and evaluated
   the unlisted investments in accordance with the Group’s investment strategy.

   Details of the fair value measurement of the financial assets at FVTPL are set
   out in Note 37(c).

   Financial assets at FVTPL that are denominated in currencies other than the
   functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)                                 142,017              7,211
   RMB                                                        32,900            30,000
   Swiss Francs (“CHF”)                                       16,664            16,603




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      22. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES

           During the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, the Group entered into
           finance lease arrangements as lessor in connection with the disposal of certain
           staff living quarters of the Group to eligible employees. The average terms of
           finance leases entered is 10 years, upon the end of the finance lease period,
           the purchase option owned by the eligible employees will become exercisable.
           All interest rates inherent in the leases are 4.9% at the contract date over the
           lease terms.

                                                                    Present
                                                                   value of                 Present value
                                                  Minimum         minimum       Minimum       of minimum
                                                      lease           lease         lease            lease
                                                 payments        payments      payments         payments
                                                 31/12/2021      31/12/2021   31/12/2020       31/12/2020
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000

           Finance lease receivables
              comprise:
           Within one year                              20,542      13,564        12,987            8,615
           Within a period of more than one
              year but not exceeding two
              years                                     20,620      14,248         13,115           9,120
           Within a period of more than two
              years but not exceeding five
              years                                     61,860      46,683       39,345           29,808
           Within a period of more than five
              years                                     73,471      63,554        55,140          48,744

                                                    176,493        138,049      120,587           96,287
           Less: unearned finance income            (38,444)           N/A      (24,300)             N/A

           Present value of minimum lease
             payment receivables                    138,049        138,049       96,287           96,287

           Analyzed as:
             Current                                 13,564         13,564        8,615            8,615
             Non-current                            124,485        124,485       87,672           87,672

                                                    138,049        138,049       96,287           96,287


           Finance lease receivables are secured over the related staff living quarters.
           The Group is not permitted to sell or pledge the collateral in the absence of
           default by the lessees.

           Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 37(b).


194   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




23. OTHER LONG-TERM DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

   Other long-term deposits represent rental deposits paid for certain lease
   arrangements of office premises and deposits paid to guarantee certain
   milestones of construction projects.

   Prepayments represent payments to the banks for banking facilities granted to
   the Group which will be amortized over the facility period as well as prepaid
   insurance fee.

24. INVENTORIES

                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Raw material and consumables                          1,663,332          1,060,196
   Work in progress                                           7,824             11,621
   Finished goods                                            16,219            12,375

   Total                                                 1,687,375          1,084,192


   Raw materials and consumables are net of a write-down of approximately
   RMB251,329,000 as at December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB29,608,000).

25. CONTRACT COSTS

                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Costs to fulfil contracts                             1,005,470            392,123


   The contract costs are net of a write-down of approximately RMB103,923,000
   as at December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB13,266,000).




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                           2021           2020
                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000

           Trade receivables from contracts with customers
             — related parties                                            2,367            6,113
             Less: allowance for credit losses                              (76)            (20)
             — third parties                                          3,424,757       2,504,003
             Less: allowance for credit losses                         (303,293)       (177,398)

                                                                       3,123,755      2,332,698

           Bills receivable from contracts with customers                  3,247            5,160

           Receivables for purchase of raw materials
             on behalf of customers                                      616,961         321,987
             Less: allowance for credit losses                           (30,378)         (6,087)

                                                                        586,583          315,900

           Advances to suppliers
            — related parties                                             12,607              —
            — third parties                                               70,600          35,718

                                                                          83,207          35,718

           Other receivables (note i)                                   278,026          42,996
           Prepayments                                                   12,362           6,629
           Value added tax recoverable                                  620,584         303,222
           Receivable arising from payment for potential
             acquisition (note ii)                                       149,555         149,555
           Loan receivable from an associate                                   —          50,000

                                                                       1,060,527        552,402

           Total trade and other receivables                           4,857,319       3,241,878


           Notes:

           i.    Included in other receivables at December 31, 2021, an amount of RMB216,338,000
                 is the receivable from bank in relation to the settled derivative financial
                 instruments.

           ii.   In October 2020, the Group entered into a letter of intent with independent
                 vendors pursuant to which the Group conditionally agreed to acquire not less than
                 75% equity interest of a target company from the vendors. In November 2020, the
                 first installment of RMB149,555,000 was paid to one of the vendors in accordance
                 with the terms of the letter of intent. During the year ended December 31, 2021,
                 the Group is in negotiation with the vendor to terminate the potential acquisition
                 due to delay of closing of the shares transfer for which the first installment had
                 been paid. The first installment being paid was accounted for as receivable from
                 the vendor as at December 31, 2021.

196   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




26.	TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   Details of the trade and other receivables due from related parties are set out
   in Note 42(b).

   As at January 1, 2020, the carrying amount of trade receivables from contracts
   with customers is RMB1,334,640,000 (net of allowance for credit losses of
   RMB64,400,000).

   The Group allows a credit period ranging from 10 to 90 days to its customers.
   The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for
   credit losses) presented based on the invoice dates:

                                                               2021             2020
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   Not past due                                            2,075,079          1,517,790
   Overdue:
   — Within 90 days                                           719,662          446,644
   — 91 days to 1 year                                        281,206          286,697
   — Over 1 year                                               47,808           81,567

                                                           3,123,755         2,332,698


   As at December 31, 2021, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance
   are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of RMB1,048,676,000 (2020:
   RMB814,908,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past
   due balances, RMB329,014,000 (2020: RMB368,264,000) has been past due 90
   days or more and is not considered as in default as the management of the
   Group believed that the amounts will be settled by the customers based on the
   customers’ committed promise and historical experience. The Group does not
   hold any collateral over these balances.

   Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, other receivables,
   bills receivable and receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of
   customers are set out in Note 37(b).

   Trade and other receivables that are denominated in currencies other than the
   functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                               2021             2020
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   US$                                                     2,283,908          1,477,146
   HK$                                                         15,813                —
   Euro (“EUR”)                                                 1,331                —



                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      27. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                   2021          2020
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

           Contract assets
           — related parties                                       7,685             —
           Less: allowance for credit losses                          (2)            —
           — third parties                                       135,357         31,854
           Less: allowance for credit losses                     (10,495)        (7,785)

                                                                 132,545         24,069


           As at January 1, 2020, carrying amount of contract assets amounted to
           RMB39,981,000.

           The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for
           work completed and not billed because the rights are conditioned upon the
           Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones as stipulated in
           the contract. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when
           the rights become unconditional.

           Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets
           recognized are as follows:

           — Revenue on FFS basis and CMO basis

           The Group’s FFS and CMO contracts include payment schedules which require
           stage payments over the research or manufacturing period once certain
           specified milestones are reached or control of goods are transferred to
           customers. The Group requires certain customers to pay 20%–50% of total
           contract value as project start-up cost as part of its credit risk management
           policies.

           The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group
           expects to realize these contracts assets in their normal operating cycle.

           Details of the impairment assessment of contract assets are set out in Note
           37(b).




198   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




28. BANK BALANCES AND CASH/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/TIME
    DEPOSITS

   Bank balances and cash of the Group comprised of cash and short term bank
   deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. The short term bank
   deposits are carried interests at market rates which ranged from 0% to 2.1%
   per annum as at December 31, 2021 (2020: 0% to 2.38%).

   Certain deposits are pledged to banks as collateral for the letter of guarantee
   for facility construction in Ireland.

   Time deposits as at December 31, 2021 are carried fixed interest rate from
   0.3% to 0.6% per annum and have original maturity over three months (2020:
   1.25% to 1.70%).

   The Group performed impairment assessment on time deposits, pledged bank
   deposits and bank balances and concluded that the associated credit risk is
   limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit rating and good
   reputation.

   Bank balances and cash, pledged bank deposits and time deposits that are
   denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective
   group entities are set out below:

                                                               2021             2020
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   US$                                                     5,556,014         4,708,663
   HK$                                                      752,749             310,114
   EUR                                                        94,757                 64




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

           Trade payables
             — related parties                                      62,214          33,212
             — third parties                                       555,570         612,790

                                                                    617,784       646,002

           Other payables and accrual
            — related parties                                         8,857           450
            — third parties (note)                                1,206,705       655,299

                                                                  1,215,562       655,749

           Payable for purchase of property, plant and
             equipment                                             750,420         717,100
           Payable for acquisition of investment of an
             associate measured at FVTPL                                  —        154,526
           Consideration payables for acquisition of
             subsidiaries                                             4,008         23,018
           Consideration payable to a related party for
             acquisition of business (Note 41 (c))                 280,000              —
           Salary and bonus payables                               781,009        500,993
           Other taxes payable                                      49,036          31,155

           Trade and other payables                               3,697,819     2,728,543


           Note: 
                 Included in the other payables, an amount of RMB820,634,000 represented the
                 payables to employees arising from exercise of share options as at December
                 31, 2021 (2020: RMB321,967,000).

           Details of the trade and other payables due to related parties are set out in
           Note 42(b).




200   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




29.	TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

   Payment terms with suppliers are mainly on credit within 90 days from the
   time when the goods are received from the suppliers. The following is an aged
   analysis of trade payables presented based on invoice date at the end of the
   reporting period:

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Within three months                                       561,455           620,291
   Over three months but within one year                      37,408            25,031
   Over one year but within five years                         18,921             680

                                                             617,784          646,002


   Trade and other payables that are denominated in currencies other than the
   functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   HK$                                                      770,949           262,589
   US$                                                      247,679            172,817
   EUR                                                        12,841            32,239
   CHF                                                         2,572             2,833
   Japan Yen (“JPY”)                                             103             9,892


30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Contract liabilities
    — related parties                                            98                 —
    — third parties                                       2,386,299          1,324,812

                                                          2,386,397          1,324,812

   Less: amounts shown under current liabilities         (1,733,799)         (664,863)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities (note)       652,598           659,949




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      30.	CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

           Note: 
                 In February 2020, the Group entered into a contract manufacturing agreement
                 pursuant to which the Group shall build an integrated vaccine manufacturing
                 facility in Ireland, and manufacture for, and supply to the Vaccine Partner with
                 certain vaccine products. As of December 31, 2020, the Group received total
                 instalments of US$100 million (equivalent to RMB652,490,000) from the Vaccine
                 Partner, which represents the Group’s obligation to provide services to the
                 Vaccine Partner and is recognized as contract liabilities. The contract liabilities
                 are classified as non-current due to the related services will be provided
                 beyond twelve months. The non-current contract liabilities amounted to
                 RMB652,598,000 at December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: RMB659,949,000)
                 after considering the financing components and the recognition of revenue
                 during the reporting period.

           As at January 1, 2020, contract liabilities amounted to RMB336,395,000.

           Revenue of RMB508,933,000 was recognized during the year ended December
           31, 2021 that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning the year
           of 2021 (2020: RMB266,896,000).

           Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities
           recognized are as follows:

           — Revenue on FFS basis

           Except for the amount received in advance from the Vaccine Partner as
           disclosed above, the Group normally requires certain customers to pay a
           percentage of total contract value as down payment as project start-up cost
           as part of its credit risk management policies. The advance payment schemes
           result in contract liabilities which represent the Group’s obligation to transfer
           services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an
           amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

           — Revenue on CMO basis

           The Group shall invoice client for products and services upon commencement
           thereof, which will give rise to contracts liability at the start of a contract. The
           Group normally invoices its clients a percentage of the price on acceptance of
           manufacturing orders to commence work.

           — Revenue from other Biologics Products

           The Group normally invoices its clients a percentage of the price on
           acceptance of other Biologics Products orders to commence work, which will
           give rise to contract liability at the start of a contract.




202   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021




31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                Assets                      Liabilities
                                         December December 31,       December December 31,
                                           31, 2021     2020           31, 2021     2020
                                          RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

   Derivatives under hedge accounting
   Fair value hedges
     — Forward extra and European
          vanilla option contracts         319,584        148,330        24,191           25,722

   Cash flow hedges
    — Foreign currency forward, cross
         currency swap, interest rate
         swap contracts and structured
         foreign exchange swap             170,915        313,537        16,699            7,649

   Total                                   490,499        461,867        40,890            33,371
   Less: current portion                  (479,557)      (440,997)      (40,890)          (26,112)

   Non-current portion                      10,942         20,870             —            7,259


   Derivatives not under hedge accounting

   During the current year, the Group entered into several HK$/US$ cap forward
   contracts with banks in order to manage the Group’s currency risk. Under the
   cap contracts, the Group will pay to the bank notional amount of HK$ and
   receive from the bank an amount in US$ equal to the product of the relevant
   notional amount of HK$ along with the relevant forward rate as specified
   within the respective contracts.

   During the current year, the Group did not elect to adopt hedge accounting for
   these contracts and therefore the gains from settlement of foreign currency
   forward contracts of RMB23,132,000 was recognized as “gain on derivative
   financial instruments” in other gains and losses.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021    203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

           Derivatives under hedge accounting

           In view of the management of the Group, the respective foreign currency
           forward contracts, cross currency swap contracts, interest rate swap
           contracts, structured foreign exchange swap contracts, forward extra
           contracts and European vanilla option contracts are highly effective hedging
           instruments and qualified as cash flow or fair value hedges.

           (i)   The Group entered into foreign currency forward contracts with banks
                 to eliminate the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange
                 rate arising from anticipated foreign currency sales transactions and
                 repayment of borrowings, in particular, the exchange rate between US$
                 and RMB for foreign currency sales transactions as well as US$ and EUR
                 for repayment of borrowings which are designated as cash flow hedges.
                 The major terms of these contracts on a net settlement basis as at
                 December 31, 2021 presented are as follows:

                                                                             Total
                                                                      outstanding
                                       Average strike/        Foreign     notional    Fair value
                                         forward rate        currency       value         assets
                                                             US$’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Sell US$
                 Less than 3 months      6.5995–6.7465        214,200     1,432,123       59,973
                 4 to 6 months            6.5175–6.7115       281,000     1,852,710       41,339
                 7 to 12 months          6.5080–6.6502        467,000    3,050,989         13,541


                                                                             Total
                                                                      outstanding
                                       Average strike/        Foreign     notional    Fair value
                                         forward rate        currency       value      liabilities
                                                             US$’000      EUR’000       RMB’000

                 Sell US$
                 Less than 3 months                 1.1911     50,000       41,978       (15,529)




204   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021




31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

   (ii)   The Group entered into an EUR/US$ structured cross currency swap
          contract with a bank for interest rate exchange and periodical principal
          exchange to eliminate the exposure to variable interest rate and
          exchange rate associated with a variable-rate long-term bank borrowing
          denominated in US$, for the purpose of financing the Group’s construction
          of manufacturing facilities in Europe. The strike rate of EUR/US$ is 1.19
          and cap rate is 1.23. The fair value assets of the principle exchange part
          was RMB4,100,000. The major terms of the interest rate swaps are as
          follows:

           Notional    Notional                                                                 Fair value
            amount      amount    Contract date Maturity date          Receive          Pay      liabilities
           EUR’000     US$’000                                                                    RMB’000

             82,800      96,048   March 20, 2020 Every three months LIBOR+1.20%        1.10%           (481)
                                                   from March 2020
                                                   to September 2022

   (iii) The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimize its exposure to interest
         rate fluctuation on its variable-rate bank borrowings. The major terms of
         the interest rate swaps are as follows:

            Notional                                                                           Fair value
             amount     Contract date     Maturity date             Receive           Pay          assets
            US$’000                                                                             RMB’000

             100,000    August 11, 2021   December 18, 2023       LIBOR+1.1%          EUR          10,943
                                                                                  Variable
                                                                                     Rate


            Notional                                                                           Fair value
             amount     Contract date     Maturity date             Receive           Pay       liabilities
            US$’000                                                                              RMB’000

              90,000    March 24, 2020 September 26,            LIBOR+1.20%         1.77%             (689)
                                       2022




                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021         205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

           Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

           (iv) The Group entered into a structured foreign exchange swap contract
                with banks to eliminate the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency
                exchange rate arising from anticipated foreign currency sales transactions
                which is designated as cash flow hedge. The major terms of the
                structured foreign exchange swap contract are as follows:

                                      Average           Knock-in   Notional   Fair value   Fair value
                                    strike rate          barrier    amount        assets    liabilities
                                                                   US$’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Sell US$
                 1 to 3 months          6.5000            6.6500   370,000        41,019            —

           (v) The Group entered into forward extra contracts with a bank to manage
               its foreign exchange rate risk arising from net exposure which are
               denominated in currencies at US$ up to 3 months, which is designated as
               fair value hedge. The major terms of the forward extra contracts are as
               follows:

                                      Average           Knock-in   Notional   Fair value   Fair value
                                    strike rate          barrier    amount        assets    liabilities
                                                                   US$’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Sell US$
                 1 month         6.4950–6.5090 6.7010–6.7210       375,000       50,904             —
                 3 months              6.5430         6.7050       100,000       16,730         (1,573)

           (vi) The Group entered into European vanilla option contracts with a bank to
                manage its foreign exchange rate risk arising from net exposure which
                are denominated in currencies at US$ and EUR up to 2 months, which is
                designated as fair value hedge. The major terms of the European vanilla
                option contracts are as follows:

                                      Average                      Notional   Fair value   Fair value
                                    strike rate     Spot rate       amount        assets    liabilities
                                                                   US$’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Sell US$
                 1 month         6.4400–6.5380            6.3757   300,000       39,032         (5,189)

                                      Average                      Notional   Fair value   Fair value
                                    strike rate     Spot rate       amount        assets    liabilities
                                                                   EUR’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Sell EUR
                 2 months        7.8000–7.8650            7.2197   340,000       212,918      (17,429)


206   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2021, the aggregate amount of gains after tax under
      foreign currency forward contracts, cross currency swap contracts,
      interest rate swap contracts, structured foreign exchange swap contract,
      forward extra contracts and European vanilla option contracts recognized
      in other comprehensive income relating to the exposure on anticipated
      future sales transactions, repayment of borrowings and net exposure
      denominated in US$ and EUR is RMB125,214,000 (December 31, 2020:
      RMB241,720,000 gains). The Group separates the intrinsic value and time
      value of forward extra contracts and European vanilla option contracts,
      designating only the intrinsic value as the hedging instrument. The time
      value, including any gains or losses, is recognized in other comprehensive
      income until the hedged transaction occurs and is recognized in profit
      or loss. It is anticipated that the sales, bank borrowings repayment and
      net exposure denominated in US$ and EUR related to foreign currency
      forward contracts, cross currency swap contracts, interest rate swap
      contracts, structured foreign exchange swap contract and European
      vanilla option contracts will take place within next 12 months (December
      31, 2020: 21 months) at which time the amount deferred in equity will be
      recycled to profit or loss.

      During the current year, gains relating to the ineffective hedge portion of
      RMB9,461,000 (2020: RMB52,650,000 gains) is recognized immediately in
      profit or loss, and is included as “gain on derivative financial instruments“
      in other gains and losses.

      During the current year, the aggregated amount of gains previously
      recognized in comprehensive income and accumulated in equity of
      RMB419,809,000 (2020: credit RMB85,795,000) are reclassified to revenue
      when the hedged item affects profit or loss.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      32. BORROWINGS

                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           Secured bank loans                                      75,900         85,100
           Unsecured bank loans                                 2,686,508      2,519,649

                                                                2,762,408      2,604,749


           The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are
             repayable*:

           Within one year                                       2,121,895       767,126
           Within a period of more than one year but not
            exceeding two years                                   583,013      1,770,923
           Within a period of more than two years but not
            exceeding five years                                   27,600         27,600
           Within a period of more than five years                 29,900         39,100

                                                                2,762,408      2,604,749
           Less: amounts due within one year shown
             under current liabilities                          (2,121,895)     (767,126)

           Amounts shown under non-current liabilities            640,513      1,837,623


           * The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the
              loan agreements.

           The exposure of the Group’s bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                                    2021          2020
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           Fixed-rate borrowings                                   75,900         85,100
           Variable-rate borrowings                             2,686,508      2,519,649

                                                                2,762,408      2,604,749


           The Group’s variable-rate borrowings carry interest at LIBOR plus 1.1% to 2.5%,
           European Central Bank Rate plus 1.5% and EURIBOR plus 0.75% and 0.8%.
           Interest is reset each one to three months based on the contracts.




208   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




32.	BORROWINGS (Continued)

   The ranges of effective interest rates before the interest rate swap disclosed
   in Note 31 (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s
   borrowings are as follows:

                                                          2021                    2020

   Effective interest rate:
   Fixed-rate borrowings                    3.85% to 4.90%           3.70% to 4.90%
   Variable-rate borrowings                 0.75% to 2.69%           1.25% to 3.68%

   The Group’s bank borrowings that are denominated in currencies other than
   the functional currencies of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   US$                                                    2,359,009         2,283,715
   EUR                                                      302,789                —


   As at the end of the reporting period, the Group has the following undrawn
   borrowing facilities:

                                                              2021             2020
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Floating rate
   — expiring within one year                               468,386            331,061
   — expiring beyond one year                                     —           652,490

                                                            468,386            983,551


   At December 31, 2021, the Group’s borrowings were secured against the
   Group’s property, plant and equipment as collaterals with carrying amounts of
   RMB10,597,000 (December 31, 2020: in the process of securing the property,
   plant and equipment as collaterals with carrying amount of RMB42,147,000).




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      32.	BORROWINGS (Continued)

           In respect of bank loans with carrying amount of RMB2,359,009,000 as 2021
           (2020: RMB1,957,470,000), the Group is required to comply with the following
           financial covenants throughout the continuance of the relevant loans and/or
           as long as the loans are outstanding:

           (i)    Bank loan with carrying amount of RMB1,721,439,000 (USD270,000,000)

                  In relation to the Group:

                  •   Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
                      (“EBITDA”) during each year shall not be less than 5 times interest
                      expense on bank borrowings at the last day of the first half of the
                      financial year and the last day of the financial year;

                  •   Total equity after deducting goodwill, intangible assets and deferred
                      tax assets (together referred to as “Tangible Net Worth”) shall not at
                      any time be less than RMB6,000,000,000; and

                  •   Total Debt less the Cash and Cash Equivalents (“Net debt”) at the end
                      of each year shall not exceed 2.5 times EBITDA during the same year.

                  In relation to the WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited (“BIOHK”), a wholly-
                  owned subsidiary of the Company:

                  •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
                      RMB20,000,000.

           (ii)   Bank loan with carrying amount of RMB637,570,000 (USD100,000,000)

                  In relation to the Group:

                  •   EBITDA during each year shall not be less than 5 times interest
                      expense on bank borrowings at the last day of the first half of the
                      financial year and the last day of the financial year;

                  •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
                      RMB9,000,000,000; and

                  •   Net debt at the end of each year shall not exceed 2.5 times EBITDA
                      during the same year.

                  In relation to BIOHK:

                  •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
                      RMB20,000,000.

           The Group has complied with these covenants throughout the reporting period.


210   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




33. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                2021             2020
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Lease liabilities payable:
   Within one year                                             103,561             60,711
   Within a period of more than one year
     but not exceeding two years                               114,639             61,172
   Within a period of more than two year
     but not exceeding five years                             557,950            188,031
   Within a period of more than five years                    756,729            417,310

                                                            1,532,879           727,224
   Less: amounts due within one year
     shown under current liabilities                          (103,561)           (60,711)

   Amounts shown under non-current liabilities               1,429,318           666,513


   The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities
   range from 1.5% to 4.9% (2020: from 1.5% to 4.9%).

34. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                2021             2020
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Assets related research and other grants                    213,225           211,949
   Income related research and other grants                     10,903             1,791

                                                               224,128           213,740




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      34.	DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)

           Movements of research and other grants:

                                                          Assets     Income
                                                         related     related           Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000

           At January 1, 2020                            146,524        2,361          148,885
           Research and other grants
             received                                     75,368      126,631          201,999
           Credited to profit or loss
             (Note 6)                                    (10,953)    (127,201)        (138,154)
           Exchange alignment                               1,010          —             1,010

           At December 31, 2020                          211,949        1,791         213,740
           Research and other grants
             received                                    32,302      120,750          153,052
           Credited to profit or loss
             (Note 6)                                    (26,292)    (111,638)       (137,930)
           Exchange alignment                             (4,734)           —          (4,734)

           At December 31, 2021                         213,225       10,903          224,128


           During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group received research and
           other grants of RMB32,302,000 (2020: RMB75,368,000) for its investment in
           laboratory equipment. The grants were recognized in profit or loss over the
           useful lives of the relevant assets.

      35. SHARE CAPITAL

           AUTHORIZED:

                                                    Number of                      Authorized
                                                       shares       Par value    share capital
                                                                         US$             US$

           At January 1, 2020                   2,000,000,000       0.000025           50,000

           Share subdivision (note iii)         4,000,000,000                               —

           At December 31, 2020 and
             December 31, 2021                  6,000,000,000       1/120,000          50,000




212   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021




35.	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

   ISSUED AND FULLY PAID:

                                                                                      Shown in
                                                                                   the financial
                                       Number of shares            Amount        statements as
                                                                     US$               RMB’000

   At January 1, 2020                      1,294,525,986             32,364                  214
   Issue of new shares
      (notes i and ii)                        51,882,141              1,296                    9
   Exercise of pre-IPO share options
      prior to the Share Subdivision          14,317,347                358                    1
   Share subdivision (note iii)            2,721,450,948                 —                    —
   Exercise of pre-IPO share options
      after the Share Subdivision             2,586,638                  22                    1

   At December 31, 2020                   4,084,763,060             34,040                  225
   Issue of new shares
      (notes iv and v)                      128,354,126               1,070                    7
   Exercise of pre-IPO share options         45,886,428                 382                    3

   At December 31, 2021                   4,259,003,614             35,492                  235


   Notes:

   i.     On June 1, 2020, before the Share Subdivision (as defined in note iii), the Company
          issued and allotted 6,882,141 new ordinary shares at nil consideration to trustee
          under the Restricted Share Award Scheme. Details of the Restricted Share Award
          Scheme are set out in Note 43.

   ii.    On July 8, 2020, before the Share Subdivision (as defined in note iii), the
          Company issued 45,000,000 new ordinary shares of US$0.000025 each through
          placement to certain independent third parties at a price of HK$137.00 per
          share. The net cash proceed was HK$6,121,994,000 (equivalent to approximately
          RMB5,545,791,000), after deducting the issue cost of HK$43,006,000 (equivalent
          to approximately RMB38,959,000).

   iii.   Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution passed at an extraordinary general meeting
          on November 12, 2020, the authorized and issue shares of the Company were
          subdivided on the basis that every one issued share is subdivided into three
          subdivided shares (the “Share Subdivision”). The Share Subdivision became
          effective on November 16, 2020.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      35.	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

           ISSUED AND FULLY PAID: (Continued)

           Notes: (Continued)

           iv.   On February 10, 2021, after the Share Subdivision, the Company issued
                 118,000,000 new ordinary shares of US$1/120,000 each through placement to
                 certain independent third parties at a price of HK$112.00 per share. The net cash
                 proceed of this placement was HK$13,121,243,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 R M B10,899,029,000), a f t e r d e d u c t i n g t h e i s s u e c o s t o f H K$94,757,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB78,709,000) from the gross cash proceed of
                 HK$13,216,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,977,738,000).

           v.    On June 10, 2021, after the Share Subdivision, the Company issued and allotted
                 10,354,126 new ordinary shares at nil consideration to trustee under the Restricted
                 Share Award Scheme. Details of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are set out in
                 Note 43.


      36. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able
           to continue as going concern while maximizing the return to shareholders
           through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.

           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes
           borrowings and lease liabilities disclosed in Notes 32 and 33 respectively,
           net of cash and cash equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the
           Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

           The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous
           basis taking into account the cost of capital and the risks associated with each
           class of capital. The Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
           issue of new shares as well as the issue of new debts or the redemption of
           existing debts.




214   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2021




37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   a.   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                     2021             2020
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000

        Financial assets
        Financial assets at amortized cost                     14,402,724          11,671,943
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                2,331,712            871,282
        Investment of an associate measured at
          FVTPL                                                    752,275            187,520
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                94,413            127,167
        Derivative financial assets                                490,499            461,867

        Financial liabilities
        Derivative financial liabilities                            40,890            33,371
        Financial liabilities at amortized cost                  5,391,952         4,590,977
        Lease liabilities                                        1,532,879           727,224


   b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies

        The Group’s major financial assets and liabilities include trade and
        other receivables, bill receivables, other long-term deposits, financial
        assets at FVTPL, investment of an associate measured at FVTPL, equity
        instruments at FVTOCI, derivative financial assets, time deposits, pledged
        bank deposits, bank balances and cash, derivative financial liabilities,
        borrowings, trade and other payables and lease liabilities. Details of
        these financial instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The
        risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how
        to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of the Group
        manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures
        are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

        Market risk

        The Group’s activities expose it primarily to currency risk, interest rate risk
        and other price risk. There had been no change in the Group’s exposure
        to these risks or the manner in which it managed and measured the risks
        during the year ended December 31, 2021.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Market risk (Continued)

                Currency risk

                 Certain group entities have foreign currency transactions, including
                 sales and purchases, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.
                 Certain of the Group’s bank balances and cash, time deposits, pledged
                 bank deposits, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables
                 and borrowings are denominated in currencies other than the functional
                 currency of the relevant group entities and expose to such foreign
                 currency risk. The carrying amounts of relevant group entities’ foreign
                 currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities other than their
                 functional currency are disclosed in the respective notes.

                 The Group mainly exposes to foreign currency of US$, EUR, HK$, JPY and
                 CHF. The Group entered into several foreign currency forward contracts,
                 cross currency swap contracts with banks in order to manage the
                 Group’s currency risk associated with anticipated sales transactions and
                 repayment of bank borrowings up to 12 months (2020: 21 months). During
                 the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group also entered into several
                 forward extra contracts and European vanilla option contracts with banks
                 in order to manage the Group’s currency risk associated with the net
                 exposure denominated in currencies at US$ and EUR up to 12 months (see
                 Note 31 for details).

                 Before considering the hedging activities, the carrying amounts of the
                 Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (trade and other
                 receivables, pledged bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances and
                 cash) and liabilities (trade and other payables and bank borrowings) at
                 the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                    2021         2020
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

                 Assets
                 US$                                            7,839,922     6,185,809
                 HK$                                              768,562        310,114
                 EUR                                               96,088             64

                 Liabilities
                 US$                                            2,606,688     2,456,532
                 HK$                                              770,949       262,589
                 EUR                                              315,630        32,239
                 CHF                                                2,572         2,833
                 JPY                                                  103         9,892


216   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Market risk (Continued)

      Currency risk (Continued)

      I n c u r r e n t y e a r, t h e G r o u p e n t e r e d i n t o s e v e r a l f o r w a r d e x t r a
      contracts, European vanilla option contracts in relation to the net
      exposure to US$ with notional amount of US$775,000,000 (equivalent
      to RMB4,941,168,000) which are designated as effective hedging
      relationship. In addition, the Group also entered into several forward
      extra contracts in relation to the net exposure to EUR for intra-group
      borrowings with notional amount of EUR340,000,000 (equivalent
      to RMB2,454,698,000) which are designated as effective hedging
      relationship. It is the Group’s policy to negotiate the terms of the hedge
      derivatives, to the extent possible, to match or approximate the terms of
      the hedged items to maximize hedge effectiveness.

      Sensitivity analysis

      The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and
      decrease in RMB against US$, HK$ and EUR, the foreign currencies with
      which the Group may have a material exposure. No sensitivity analysis
      has been disclosed for the JPY and CHF denominated assets/liabilities
      as the impact on profit is immaterial. 5% represents management’s
      assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rate.
      The sensitivity analysis uses outstanding foreign currency denominated
      monetary items as a base and adjusts their translation at the end
      of the reporting period for a 5% change in foreign currency rate. A
      negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where
      RMB strengthens 5% against US$, while a positive number indicates an
      increase in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against HK$ and
      EUR.

                                                                             2021               2020
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000

      Impact on profit or loss before hedging
        sensitivity:
      US$                                                                 (229,922)           (160,350)
      HK$                                                                      105              (2,043)
      EUR                                                                    9,645               1,384




                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Market risk (Continued)

                Currency risk (Continued)

                 Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                 After considering that the net exposure to US$ are hedged through
                 several forward extra contracts and European vanilla option
                 contracts with notional amount of US$775,000,000 (equivalent to
                 RMB4,941,168,000), if the RMB strengthens 5% against US$, the Group’s
                 post-tax profit would decrease by RMB12,833,000 for the year ended
                 December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB76,183,000).

                Interest rate risk

                 The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-
                 rate bank borrowings (see Note 32 for details) and fixed-rate pledged
                 bank deposits (see Note 28 for details) and lease liabilities (see Note
                 33 for details). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk
                 in relation to variable-rate bank balances (see Note 28 for details) and
                 variable-rate bank borrowings (see Note 32 for details). The Group’s
                 cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of
                 interest rate on bank balances, LIBOR, European Central Bank Rate and
                 EURIBOR arising from the Group’s bank borrowings. The Group manages
                 its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from
                 any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The
                 management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating
                 rates and ensure they are within reasonable range. During the year ended
                 December 31, 2021, the Group entered into interest rate swaps with banks
                 to minimize its exposure to interest rate fluctuation on its variable-rate
                 bank borrowings.

                 A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being
                 undertaken globally, including the replacement of some interbank
                 offered rates (“IBORs”) with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of
                 the impacts on the Group’s risk management strategy arising from the
                 interest rate benchmark reform and the progress towards implementation
                 of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under “interest rate
                 benchmark reform” in this note.




218   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Market risk (Continued)

      Interest rate risk (Continued)

      Sensitivity analysis

      The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the
      exposure to interest rates for its floating-rate borrowings before hedging
      activity. The analysis is prepared assuming the floating rate borrowings
      outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the
      whole year. 50 basis points (2020: 50 basis points) increase or decrease
      are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management
      personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably
      possible change in interest rates. If interest rates had been 50 basis
      points (2020: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables
      were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit would have decreased/
      increased approximately by RMB11,803,000 (2020: decrease/increase
      approximately by RMB10,848,000). This is mainly attributable to the
      Group’s exposure to interest rates on its floating-rate borrowings

      Bank balances and pledged bank deposits are excluded from sensitivity
      analysis as the directors of the Company consider that the exposure
      of cash flow interest rate arising from variable-rate bank balances and
      pledged bank deposits is insignificant.

      Other price risk

      The Group is exposed to other price risk through its equity instruments
      measured at FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL. The management
      manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with
      different risks. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor
      the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the
      need arise. The directors of the Company consider that the exposure
      of other price risk arising from equity instruments measured at FVTOCI
      is insignificant, therefore no sensitivity analysis on such risk has been
      prepared.

      Sensitivity analysis

      The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to
      equity price risk at the reporting date.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Market risk (Continued)

                Other price risk (Continued)

                 Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                 If the prices of the respective financial assets at FVTPL had been
                 10% (2020:10%) higher/lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended
                 December 31, 2021 would increase/decrease by RMB23,853,000 (2020:
                 RMB34,463,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of listed and
                 unlisted financial assets at FVTPL and the post-tax profit would increase/
                 decrease by RMB36,605,000 (2020: Nil) as a result of the changes in fair
                 value of investment of an associate measured at FVTPL.

                Credit risk and impairment assessment

                 Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its
                 contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. At the end
                 of each reporting period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk
                 which cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an
                 obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of
                 the respective recognized financial assets as stated in the consolidated
                 statement of the financial position.

                 In order to minimize credit risk, the Group has developed and maintained
                 the Group’s credit risk grading to categorize exposures according to their
                 degree of risk of default. Management uses publicly available financial
                 information and the Group’s own historical repayment records to rate its
                 major customers and other debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit
                 ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and reviewed at
                 the end of the reporting period to ensure the adequate impairment losses
                 are made for irrecoverable amount.




220   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      The Group’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following
      categories:

                                                 Trade receivables/
                                                 contract assets/
      Internal                                   finance lease           Other financial
      credit rating Description                  receivables             assets

      Low risk     The counterparty has a low    Lifetime ECL-not        12-month ECL
                     risk of default and does      credit-impaired
                     not have any past due
                     amounts

      Watch list   Debtor frequently repays       Lifetime ECL-not       12-month ECL
                    after due dates but usually credit-impaired
                    settle after due date in full

      Doubtful     There has been a significant Lifetime ECL-not         Lifetime ECL-not
                     increase in credit risk since credit-impaired         credit-impaired
                     initial recognition through
                     information developed
                     internally or external
                     resources

      Loss         There is evidence indicating Lifetime ECL-credit-     Lifetime ECL-credit
                     the asset is credit-impaired impaired                 impaired

      Write-off    There is evidence indicating Amount is written off    Amount is written off
                     that the debtor is in severe
                     financial difficulty and
                     the Group has no realistic
                     prospect of recovery




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                 The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial
                 assets, contract assets and finance lease receivables which are subject to
                 ECL assessment:

                                                                                     2021        2020
                                                                                   Gross        Gross
                                            Internal      12-month or            carrying     carrying
                                            credit rating lifetime ECL            amount       amount
                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Financial assets at
                   amortized cost
                 Time deposits              Low risk      12-month ECL           1,147,626   1,272,356
                 Pledged bank deposits      Low risk      12-month ECL             217,991     528,787
                 Bank balances              Low risk      12-month ECL          9,003,280    7,095,735
                 Other receivables          Low risk      12-month ECL            278,026       42,996
                 Loan receivables           (note iv)     12-month ECL                   —      50,000
                 Receivables for purchase   (note i)      12-month ECL            349,404      184,692
                   of raw materials on
                   behalf of customers
                 Receivables for purchase   (note i)      Lifetime ECL (not       254,413      137,295
                   of raw materials on                      credit-impaired)
                   behalf of customers
                 Receivables for purchase   (note i)      Lifetime ECL             13,144           —
                   of raw materials on                      (credit-impaired)
                   behalf of customers
                 Trade receivables          (note ii)     Lifetime ECL          3,293,000    2,200,522
                                                            (collective
                                                            assessment)
                 Trade receivables          (note ii)     Lifetime ECL            134,125     309,594
                                                            (individual
                                                            assessment)
                 Bill receivables           (note iii)    12-month ECL              3,247        5,160
                 Other long-term deposits   Low risk      12-month ECL             42,216       28,310

                 Other items
                 Contract assets            (note ii)     Lifetime ECL            143,042       31,854
                                                            (collective
                                                            assessment)
                 Finance lease receivables (note v)       Lifetime ECL            138,049      96,287
                                                            (collective
                                                            assessment)


222   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      Notes:

      i.     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group has applied
             the general approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance equal to 12m
             ECL for those current exposure at default of the debtors being assessed as
             not having significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. For those
             having significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group
             recognized lifetime ECL.

      ii.    For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the
             simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime
             ECL. Except for the customers which are assessed individually, the Group
             determines the ECL on these items by using a provision matrix and
             meanwhile categorizes its customers into three types: low credit risk
             customers, normal credit risk customers and high credit risk customers, based
             on the financial quality of debtors and their historical credit loss experience
             according to the past due status adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect current
             conditions and estimates of future economic conditions.

      iii.   For bills receivable issued by banks, the Group assessed impairment loss
             individually and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty
             banks are insignificant. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is
             provided.

      iv.    For loan receivables from an associate, the Group assessed the impairment
             loss by reviewing the financial position and performance of the associate and
             concluded that the probability of defaults of an associate is insignificant and
             accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is provided.

      v.     For finance lease receivables, no allowance for credit losses is provided as
             the finance lease receivables are secured by the related staff living quarters,
             the probability of defaults by the employees are insignificant and accordingly.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                Trade receivables and contract assets

                 The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on
                 trade receivables with significant balances and different credit risk
                 characteristics individually and/or collectively using provision matrix
                 with appropriate groupings. Except for items which are assessed for
                 impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables and contract
                 assets are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by
                 reference to the Group’s internal credit ratings. As of December 31,
                 2021, the Group provided RMB261,849,000 and RMB10,497,000 (2020:
                 RMB57,113,000 and RMB7,785,000) impairment allowance for trade
                 receivables and contract assets respectively, based on the provision
                 matrix. Impairment allowance of RMB41,520,000 (2020: RMB120,305,000)
                 was assessed individually on trade receivables with gross carrying amount
                 of RMB134,125,000. No impairment allowance on contract assets was
                 recognized based on individual assessment.

                 The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk
                 for trade receivables and contract assets which are assessed based on
                 provision matrix as at December 31, 2021 within lifetime ECL:

                 Gross carrying
                 amount                                  2021                                2020
                                          Average           Trade   Contract    Average          Trade   Contract
                 Internal credit rating   loss rate   receivables     assets   loss rate   receivables     assets
                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000                  RMB’000     RMB’000

                 Grade A: Low risk and
                   watch list               0.07%      1,849,524     106,317     0.04%       1,533,125    20,473
                 Grade B: Doubtful          4.13%      1,233,822      27,467     4.17%        637,432      3,802
                 Grade C: Loss            100.00%        209,654       9,258   100.00%          29,965     7,579

                                                       3,293,000    143,042                 2,200,522      31,854




224   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

      The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed
      default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for
      forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.
      The grouping is regularly reviewed by the management of the Group
      to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated. The
      contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the
      trade receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore
      concluded that the loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable
      approximation of the loss rates for contract assets. The management
      of the Group has considered the impact of Covid-19 pandemic for the
      average loss rate used in the ECL model.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                 The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been
                 recognized for trade receivables and contract assets under the simplified
                 approach.

                                                          Lifetime
                                                         ECL (not       Lifetime
                                                            credit- ECL (credit-
                                                        impaired)     impaired)      Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

                 As at January 1, 2020                     (15,261)     (57,489)    (72,750)
                 Changes due to financial
                   instruments recognized as at
                   January 1, 2020:
                   — Transfer to credit-impaired              969          (969)         —
                   — Impairment losses reversed             3,060        22,080      25,140
                   — Write-offs                             3,139            —        3,139
                 New financial assets originated
                   or purchased                           (62,352)      (78,900)    (141,252)
                 Exchange alignment                           520            —           520

                 As at December 31, 2020                  (69,925)     (115,278)   (185,203)
                 Changes due to financial
                   instruments recognized as at
                   January 1, 2021:
                   — Transfer to credit-impaired            1,667        (1,667)          —
                   — Impairment losses reversed            54,905       55,503      110,408
                   — Write-offs                                 —             —           —
                 New financial assets originated
                   or purchased                           (85,314)    (157,470)    (242,784)
                 Exchange alignment                         3,713            —        3,713

                 As at December 31, 2021                  (94,954)     (218,912)   (313,866)




226   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

      The following table shows the reconciliation of loss allowances that has
      been recognized for receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf
      of customers.

                                            Lifetime  Lifetime
                                           ECL (not        ECL
                                 12-month     credit-  (credit-
                                      ECL impaired) impaired)                Total
                                  RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                  RMB’000

      As at January 1, 2020         (1,137)           —               —         (1,137)
      Changes due to financial
       instruments recognized
       as at January 1, 2020:
       — Transfer to lifetime
         ECL                          584           (584)             —              —
       — Impairment losses
         reversed                     466           248               —            714
      New financial assets
       originated or
       purchased                     (686)        (4,978)             —        (5,664)

      As at December 31,
       2020                          (773)        (5,314)             —        (6,087)
      Changes due to financial
       instruments recognized
       as at January 1, 2021:
       — Transfer to credit-
         impaired                      79             —             (79)             —
       — Impairment losses
         recognized                  (199)         (506)          (585)        (1,290)
      New financial assets
       originated or
       purchased                    (1,016)      (9,505)      (12,480)       (23,001)

      As at December 31,
       2021                         (1,909)     (15,325)       (13,144)      (30,378)




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                 For the purposes of impairment assessment, other financial assets
                 are considered to have low credit risk. Accordingly, for the purpose of
                 impairment assessment for these financial assets, the loss allowance
                 is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. In determining the
                 ECL for these financial assets at amortized cost, the directors of the
                 Company have taken into account the historical default experience and
                 the future prospects of the industries and/or considering various external
                 sources of actual and forecast economic information, as appropriate, in
                 estimating the probability of default of each of the other financial assets
                 at amortized cost occurring within their respective loss assessment time
                 horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The directors of the
                 Company considered that the 12-month ECL allowance is insignificant at
                 the end of each reporting period.

                Liquidity risk

                 In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains
                 a level of bank balances and cash and unused banking facilities deemed
                 adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
                 mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

                 The management of the Group monitors the utilization of bank borrowings
                 and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

                 Bank borrowing is one of the sources of liquidity of the Group. As at
                 December 31, 2021, the Group has available unutilized bank loan facilities
                 of approximately RMB468,386,000 (2020: RMB983,551,000). Details of
                 which are set out in Note 32.

                 The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for
                 its financial liabilities and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn
                 up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities according
                 to the earliest date on which the Group is required to pay. The table
                 includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest
                 flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest
                 rate at the end of the reporting period.




228   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Liquidity risk (Continued)

      In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for
      its derivative financial instruments. The tables have been drawn up
      based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows
      on derivative instruments that settle on a net basis. When the amount
      payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by
      reference to the projected interest rates as illustrated by the yield
      curves existing at the end of the reporting period. The liquidity analysis
      for the Group’s derivative financial instruments are prepared based on
      the contractual settlement dates as the management consider that the
      settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the
      cash flows of derivatives.

                                                                     On demand or                                       Total
                                                Weighted average     less than one     One to five   Over five   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                     interest rate           year           years       years      cash flows    amount
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


      2021
      Trade and other payables                                N/A        2,610,628         18,916           —       2,629,544   2,629,544
      Bank borrowings
      — fixed rate                                3.85% to 4.90%           12,674          46,192      32,220          91,086     75,900
      — variable rate                             0.75% to 2.69%         2,135,674        581,372           —       2,717,046   2,686,508


      Total financial liabilities                                       4,758,976         646,480      32,220       5,437,676   5,391,952
      Lease liabilities                              1.5% to 4.9%         148,986         814,209     843,450       1,806,645   1,532,879


                                                                        4,907,962       1,460,689     875,670       7,244,321   6,924,831


      Derivative — gross settlement
      Interest rate swap                                                      481               —           —             481        481

      Derivative — net settlement
      Foreign currency forward, interest rate
         swap, forward extra contracts and
         European vanilla option contracts                                 40,409               —           —          40,409     40,409




                                                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021              229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                             On demand or                                     Total
                                                        Weighted average     less than one   One to five   Over five   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                             interest rate           year         years       years      cash flows     amount
                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


                 2020
                 Trade and other payables                             N/A        1,985,548          680           —        1,986,228   1,986,228
                 Bank borrowings
                 — fixed rate                              3.70% to 4.90%           13,126       47,995       43,091         104,212      85,100
                 — variable rate                            1.25% to 3.68%         812,814     1,784,468          —       2,597,282    2,519,649


                 Total financial liabilities                                     2,811,488     1,833,143      43,091      4,687,722    4,590,977
                 Lease liabilities                            1.5% to 4.9%         84,056        318,683    475,064         877,803     727,224


                                                                                 2,895,544     2,151,826     518,155      5,565,525    5,318,201


                 Derivative — gross settlement
                 Interest rate swap contract                                            —         3,358           —           3,358       3,358
                 Derivative — net settlement
                 Interest rate swap and forward extra
                     contracts                                                      26,112         3,901          —          30,013       30,013



                Interest rate benchmark reform

                 As listed in Note 32, several of the Group’s LIBOR/European Central
                 Bank Rate/EURIBOR bank loans will or may be subject to the interest
                 rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and
                 managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates, including
                 announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

                LIBOR

                 The Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) has confirmed all LIBOR settings
                 will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be
                 representative:

                 •         immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro,
                           Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month
                           US dollar settings; and

                 •         immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining US
                           dollar settings.




230   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)

      (i)   Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform

            The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the
            transition:

            Interest rate related risks

            For contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant
            alternative benchmark rates and without detailed fallback clauses,
            if the bilateral negotiations with the Group’s counterparties are not
            successfully concluded before the cessation of LIBOR, European
            Central Bank Rate and EURIBOR, there are significant uncertainties
            with regard to the interest rate that would apply. This gives rise
            to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the
            contracts were entered into.

            There are fundamental differences between IBORs and the various
            alternative benchmark rates. IBORs are forward looking term rates
            published for a period (e.g. 3 months) at the beginning of that
            period and include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative
            benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight rates published at
            the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread.
            These differences will result in additional uncertainty regarding
            floating rate interest payments.

            Interest rate basis risk

            Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-derivative instrument
            and the derivative instrument held to manage the interest risk on
            the non-derivative instrument transition to alternative benchmark
            rates at different times. This risk may also arise where back-to-back
            derivatives transition at different times. The Group will monitor this
            risk against its risk management policy which has been updated to
            allow for temporary mismatches of up to 12 months and transact
            additional basis interest rate swaps if required.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)

                (ii) Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest
                     rates

                      As at December 31, 2021, the Group was exposed to the LIBOR,
                      European Central Bank Rate and EURIBOR, which are subject to
                      interest rate benchmark reform.

                      The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from
                      the various industry working groups managing the transition to new
                      benchmark interest rates. This includes announcements made by
                      LIBOR regulators (including the FCA and the US Commodity Futures
                      Trading Commission) regarding the transition away from LIBOR to the
                      Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).

                      In response to the announcements, the Group’s treasury team
                      monitors where LIBOR exposures are within the business and prepare
                      and deliver on an action plan to enable a smooth transition to
                      alternative benchmark rates.

                      None of the Group’s current LIBOR, European Central Bank Rate or
                      EURIBOR linked contracts include adequate and robust fall back
                      provisions for a cessation of the referenced benchmark interest rate.
                      Different working groups in the industry are working on fall back
                      language for different instruments and different IBORs, which the
                      Group is monitoring closely and will look to implement these when
                      appropriate.

                      The Group will continue to apply the amendments to IFRS 9 until the
                      uncertainty arising from the interest rate benchmark reforms with
                      respect to the timing and the amount of the underlying cash flows
                      that the Group is exposed ends. The Group has assumed that this
                      uncertainty will not end until the Group’s contracts that reference
                      IBORs are amended to specify the date on which the interest rate
                      benchmark will be replaced, the cash flows of the alternative
                      benchmark rate and the relevant spread adjustment. This will, in part,
                      be dependent on the introduction of fall back clauses which have
                      yet to be added to the Group’s contracts and the negotiation with
                      lenders.




232   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

        Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for
        financial reporting purposes. The directors of the Company have set up
        a valuation committee, which is headed up by the Chief Financial Officer
        of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and
        inputs for fair value measurements.

        In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to
        the extent it is available. For instruments under Level 2 and Level 3, the
        Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The
        valuation committee works closely with the qualified external valuers to
        establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.
        The Chief Financial Officer reports the valuation committee’s findings
        to the directors of the Company every quarter to explain the cause of
        fluctuations in the fair value.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities
                      that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                      Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are
                      measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
                      following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                      financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
                      the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                      Financial assets/financial                                                   Fair value       Valuation technique and
                      liabilities                                   Fair value as at               hierarchy        key inputs
                                                          December 31, 2021      December 31, 2020

                      Financial assets at FVTPL               Listed equity              Listed equity Level 1      Active market quoted
                                                                 securities:                securities:                transaction price
                                                            RMB756,872,000            RMB497,987,000                   (note i)
                                                              Unlisted equity          Unlisted equity Level 2      Recent transaction price
                                                                investments:             investments:                  (note ii)
                                                                          nil         RMB267,247,000
                                                             Unlisted equity            Unlisted equity Level 3     Back-solve from recent
                                                               investments:               investments:                transaction price
                                                            RMB130,280,000              RMB75,982,000
                                                             Unlisted equity            Unlisted equity Level 3     Comparable company
                                                               investments:               investments:                method
                                                            RMB360,982,000              RMB30,000,000
                                                             Unlisted equity                          N/A Level 3   Discounted cash flows
                                                               investments:                                            method and option
                                                            RMB108,000,000                                             pricing model
                                                                    Wealth         Wealth management Level 2        Discounted cash flows
                                                              management           products: RMB66,000                 method, estimated based
                                                                 products:                                             on expected return and
                                                            RMB975,578,000                                             market interest rate.
                      Equity instruments at FVTOCI            Unlisted equity           Unlisted equity Level 3     Comparable company
                                                                investments:              investments:                method
                                                              RMB94,413,000            RMB127,167,000
                      Investment of an associate              Investment of              Investment of Level 3      Back-solve from recent
                         measured at FVTPL                     an associate                an associate  (2020:       transaction price and
                                                         measured at FVTPL:         measured at FVTPL:   Level 2)     option pricing model
                                                           RMB752,275,000             RMB187,520,000                  (2020: recent transaction
                                                                                                                      price)
                      Foreign currency forward                    Derivative                 Derivative Level 2     Discounted cash flows.
                         contracts, collars contracts,      financial assets:          financial assets:               Future cash flows are
                         cross currency swap                RMB490,499,000             RMB461,867,000                  estimated based on
                         contracts, interest rate                                                                      forward exchange rates
                         swap contracts and forward                Derivative                 Derivative               and contracted forward
                         extra contracts classified as    financial liabilities:     financial liabilities:            rates, and forward
                         derivative financial assets          RMB40,890,000             RMB33,371,000                  variable interest rates
                         and liabilities                                                                               and contracted fixed
                                                                                                                       interest rate, discounted
                                                                                                                       at a rate that reflects the
                                                                                                                       credit risk of the banks.


234   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

      (i)	Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities
           that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

          Notes:

          i.    An unlisted equity investment as at December 31, 2020 became
                listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 2021, with the
                shares traded in an active market. Therefore, the fair value of these
                investments as at December 31, 2021 was determined based on the
                market price and classified as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

          ii.   The investments were either acquired or re-invested by the Group
                recently. The management of the Group assessed that since there was
                no significant milestone achieved in each of the investments since their
                respectively acquisitions or reinvestment if applicable, the most recent
                transaction price is used as the best estimate of the fair value.

		    (ii)	Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial
           assets

                                                                             Investment of
                                                 Equity        Financial      an associate
                                         instruments at        assets at      measured at
                                                FVTOCI            FVTPL             FVTPL
                                               RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

          At January 1, 2020                    138,826           77,003                 —
          Total gains (losses)
             — in profit or loss                     —              2,620                —
             — in other comprehensive
                  income                         (2,686)               —                 —
          Purchases                                  —            30,000                 —
          Exchange alignment                     (8,973)           (3,641)               —

          At December 31, 2020                  127,167          105,982                 —

          Total gains (losses)
             — in profit or loss                     —             18,214          366,053
             — in other comprehensive
                  income                        (29,819)               —                  —
          Purchases                                   —          207,652           200,000
          Transfers into level 3                      —          343,731           187,520
          Transfers out of level 3                    —          (75,982)                 —
          Exchange alignment                     (2,935)            (335)            (1,298)

          At December 31, 2021                  94,413           599,262           752,275



                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

      		         (iii)	Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are
                       not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                      The management of the Group considers the carrying amounts of
                      financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost in
                      the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair value.

                      The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities at
                      amortized cost are determined in accordance with generally accepted
                      pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis with the most
                      significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk
                      of counterparties.

      38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

           The Group had capital commitments for land, equipment purchase and
           building construction, acquisition of an associate and investments accounted
           as financial assets at FVTPL under non-cancellable contracts as follows:

                                                                       2021          2020
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

           Contracted but not provided for
             — Land, property, plant and equipment                 3,035,768       3,622,219
             — Acquisition of an associate                                 —        200,000
             — Financial assets at FVTPL                              95,363          97,874

                                                                     3,131,131    3,920,093


      39. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of the state-managed
           retirement benefits schemes operated by government. The subsidiaries are
           required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement
           benefits schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group
           with respect to the retirement benefits schemes is to make the specified
           contributions.

           The total cost charged to profit or loss in respect of the above-mentioned
           schemes amounted to approximately RMB208,076,000 for the year ended
           December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB102,849,000).




236   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2021




40. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES

   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing
   activities, including both the cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising
   from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
   flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as
   cash flows from financing activities.

                                                       Interest
                                             Bank prepayments              Lease
                                       borrowings and payable          liabilities      Total
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

   At January 1, 2020                    1,901,347         (24,471)     292,601       2,169,477
   Financing cash flows                    870,458         (61,643)     (69,979)        738,836
   Interest expenses                            —           65,520       20,901          86,421
   New leases entered                           —               —       490,865         490,865
   Covid-19-related rent concessions            —               —          (484)           (484)
   Early terminated lease                       —               —        (6,680)         (6,680)
   Exchange alignment                     (167,056)            (27)          —         (167,083)

   At December 31, 2020                 2,604,749         (20,621)      727,224       3,311,352
   Financing cash flows                   (52,983)        (43,234)     (133,809)      (230,026)
   Interest expenses                             —         53,509         39,966         93,475
   New leases entered                            —              —       940,630         940,630
   Covid-19-related rent concessions             —              —            (188)          (188)
   Acquisition of subsidiaries             301,136              —         14,364        315,500
   Early terminated lease                        —              —          (2,113)        (2,113)
   Exchange alignment                     (90,494)            625        (53,195)      (143,064)

   At December 31, 2021                 2,762,408          (9,721)    1,532,879      4,285,566


   The financing cash flows of bank borrowings represent the proceeds from and
   repayment of bank borrowings and interest paid in the consolidated statement
   of cash flows.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      41. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS

           During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group has completed the
           following three acquisitions of subsidiaries/business.

           (a) Acquisition of CMAB Group

                 WuXi Biologics Investments Limited (“Bio Investment”) and WuXi Biologics
                 Co., Ltd, the subsidiaries of the Group, entered into a series of agreements
                 with independent third parties not connected to the Group to acquire
                 100% shares of CMAB BVI and its subsidiaries as well as all non-controlling
                 interests (31.9190%) of WuXi Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (formerly known
                 as CMAB Biopharma (Suzhou) Inc.), a subsidiary of CMAB BVI, for a total
                 consideration of RMB1,591,201,000. CMAB Group are primarily engaged in
                 biological contract development and manufacturing organization based
                 in Suzhou, China. The Group acquired CMAB Group so as to expand the
                 capacities for liquid and lyophilization within its global manufacturing
                 network.

                 The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using
                 the acquisition method. Acquisition-related costs were not material and
                 have been expensed as incurred as part of administrative expenses in the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      		        Assets acquired and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                  RMB’000

                 Property, plant and equipment                                     382,776
                 Right-of-use assets                                                   14,416
                 Intangible assets                                                 227,702
                 Deferred tax assets                                                    5,918
                 Other long-term deposits and prepayments                               1,413
                 Inventories                                                          31,366
                 Trade and other receivables                                          66,256
                 Contract assets                                                      13,484
                 Contract costs                                                       30,895
                 Bank balances and cash                                             103,776
                 Trade and other payables                                            (73,421)
                 Borrowings                                                        (301,136)
                 Contract liabilities                                                (27,193)
                 Lease liabilities                                                   (14,364)

                                                                                    461,888


                 The fair value of trade and other receivables at the date of acquisition
                 amounted to RMB66,256,000, which is equivalent to the gross contractual
                 amounts. None of the contractual cash flows are not expected to be
                 collected at acquisition date.


238   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




41.	ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS (Continued)

   (a)	Acquisition of CMAB Group (Continued)

		    Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                            RMB’000

      Consideration transferred                                             1,591,201
      Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                       (461,888)

      Goodwill arising on acquisition                                       1,129,313


      Goodwill arose on the acquisition of CMAB Group because the cost of the
      combination included a control premium. In addition, the consideration
      paid for the combination effectively included amounts in relation to the
      benefit of expected synergies from, including but not limited to, revenue
      growth, future market development and the assembled workforce of
      CMAB Group. These benefits are not recognized separately from goodwill
      because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
      intangible assets.

      None of the goodwill arising on the acquisitions is expected to be
      deductible for tax purposes.

		    Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of CMAB Group

                                                                            RMB’000

      Cash consideration paid                                               1,591,201
      Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                 (103,776)

                                                                           1,487,425


		    Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

      Included in the profit of the Group for the period is a loss of
      RMB52,834,000 attributable to the post-acquisition results of CMAB
      Group. Revenue for the period includes RMB132,856,000 generated from
      CMAB Group.

      Had the acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, revenue for the
      period of the Group would have been RMB10,327,933,000, and profit for
      the period of the Group would have been RMB3,460,958,000. The pro
      forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily
      an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that
      actually would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on
      January 1, 2021, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.


                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      41.	ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS (Continued)

           (a)	Acquisition of CMAB Group (Continued)

      		Net cash outflow arising on acquisition of CMAB Group (Continued)

      		Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group (Continued)

                 In determining the ‘pro-forma’ revenue and profit of the Group had CMAB
                 Group been acquired at the beginning of the current year, the directors of
                 the Company have calculated amortization of intangible assets acquired
                 on the basis of the fair values arising from the initial accounting for the
                 business combination rather than the carrying amounts recognized in the
                 pre-acquisition financial statements.

           (b) Acquisition of Pfizer Hangzhou (as defined below)

                 Bio Investment, the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered
                 into an agreement with independent third parties not connected to the
                 Group to acquire 100% equity interest in Pfizer Biologics (Hangzhou)
                 Company Limited (“Pfizer Hangzhou”), which holds the state-of-the-art
                 biologics manufacturing facilities in Hangzhou, China, for consideration
                 of US$106,893,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB691,299,000). As the
                 Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a
                 business, the Group identifies and recognizes the individual identifiable
                 assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase
                 price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair
                 values, with remaining balance of the purchase price allocated to other
                 identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative fair values at
                 the date of purchase. The Group acquired Pfizer Hangzhou so as to boost
                 the commercial capacities of the Group to address surging manufacturing
                 demands.

      		        Assets and liabilities recognized at the date of acquisition

                                                                                       RMB’000

                 Property, plant and equipment                                         450,705
                 Right-of-use assets                                                     26,136
                 Inventories                                                               8,638
                 Other receivables                                                     202,742
                 Bank balances and cash                                                   17,130
                 Trade and other payables                                               (14,052)

                                                                                        691,299




240   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




41.	ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS (Continued)

   (b)	Acquisition of Pfizer Hangzhou (as defined below) (Continued)

		    Net cash outflows arising on acquisition of Pfizer Hangzhou

                                                                            RMB’000

       Cash consideration paid                                                691,299
       Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                   (17,130)

                                                                              674,169


   (c) Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business

       WuXi XDC (Changzhou) Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, entered into
       an agreement with Changzhou SynTheAll Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“STA
       Changzhou”), an indirect subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd., which is
       ultimately controlled by the Shareholders (as defined in Note 42(b)) of
       the Company, to acquire the payload and linker business (the “Payload
       and Linker Business”) for consideration of RMB280,000,000. The purpose
       of the acquisition was to reinforce the Group’s capabilities of end-to-
       end contract development and manufacturing of bioconjugates including
       antibody-drug conjugates (“ADC”).

       The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using
       the acquisition method. Acquisition-related costs were not material and
       have been expensed as incurred as part of administrative expenses in the
       consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

		    Assets acquired at the date of acquisition

                                                                            RMB’000

       Property, plant and equipment                                            6,407
       Intangible assets                                                       58,400

                                                                               64,807




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   241
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      41.	ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS (Continued)

           (c)	Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business (Continued)

      		        Goodwill arising on acquisition (determined on a provisional basis)

                                                                                RMB’000

                 Consideration payable                                           280,000
                 Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                 (64,807)

                 Goodwill arising on acquisition                                 215,193


                 Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Payload and Linker Business because
                 the acquisition included the assembled workforce as well as ongoing and
                 potential projects from existing customers as at the date of acquisition.
                 These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they
                 do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                 None of the goodwill arising on the acquisitions is expected to be
                 deductible for tax purposes.

      		        Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

                 The acquisition of the Payload and Linker Business has had no material
                 impact on the financial performance of the Group for the year ended
                 December 31, 2021 as the post-acquisition revenue and profit or loss
                 generated by the Payload and Linker Business were not material. Had the
                 acquisition been completed on January 1, 2021, revenue and profit for the
                 year of the Group would not be materially impacted.




242   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021




42. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

   In addition to the balances disclosed in Notes 26, 27, 29, 30 and 41, the Group
   had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties:

   (a) Related party transactions

		     Provision of research and development service to related parties

                                                                  2021             2020
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

       STA Changzhou                                                7,250                 —
       Duoning (note i)                                             1,765                 —
       WuXi MedImmune Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
         (“WX MedImmune”) (note ii)                                   756            5,580
       WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
         (“WXAT Shanghai”)                                            720             1,498
       WuXi Zekang Biotechnology (Suzhou) Co.,
         Ltd.                                                         425               264
       Shanghai STA Pharmaceutical R&D Co., Ltd.
         (“STA R&D”)                                                  108                 —
       WuXi AppTec (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (“WXAT
         Wuhan”)                                                        26                —
       Shanghai SynTheAll Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
         (“STA”)                                                        17               —
       WuXi AppTec (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (“WASZ”)                          —                42
       Hejing Pharmaceutical Technology
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (note iii)                                —                22

                                                                   11,067            7,406


       Notes:

       i.     As disclosed in Note 17, Duoning is an investment of an associate measured
              at FVTPL of the Group.

       ii.    WX MedImmune is a joint venture held by WuXi AppTec (Hong Kong) Limited
              (“WAHK”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.

       iii.   Hejing Pharmaceutical Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is an associate held
              by WXAT Shanghai, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co.,
              Ltd and was no longer the related party of the Group since May 21, 2020.
              The transactions for the previous year disclosed above represented the
              transactions between January 1, 2020 and May 20, 2020. Details of related
              party relationship change are disclosed in Note 42(b).




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   243
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

      		        Sales of materials to related parties

                                                                           2021        2020
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

                 WuXi ATU Co., Ltd. (“WuXi ATU”)                            3,045      1,393
                 WXAT Shanghai                                                 12         —
                 Duoning                                                       10         —

                                                                            3,067      1,393


      		        Sales of property, plant and equipment to related parties

                                                                           2021        2020
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

                 WXAT Shanghai                                              3,849         —


      		        Provision of other services to related parties

                                                                           2021        2020
                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Shanghai Lianghei Technology Co., Ltd.
                   (“Lianghei”) (note)                                          88        —


                Note:    Lianghei is a subsidiary of Duoning since June 2020.




244   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2021




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

		    Testing service received

                                                                  2021             2020
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

       STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited
         (“STA HK”)                                               19,479                —
       WASZ                                                       13,585            45,444
       WXAT Shanghai                                               7,269             1,273
       WuXi NextCode Genomics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
         (“NextCode Shanghai”) (note i)                             3,529            2,502
       WuXi Clinical Development Services
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                         534                 —
       WuXi Diagnostic Medical Testing Institute
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“WuXi Diagnostic”)                     295                78
       XenoBiotic Laboratories, Inc. (“XBL”)                          257                —
       WuXi AppTec (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.                                 62                —
       WuXi AppTec (Nantong) Co., Ltd.                                 43                37
       Shanghai MedKey Med-Tech Development
         Co., Ltd. (“MedKey”) (note ii)                                 26               —
       Duoning                                                          20               —
       STA R&D                                                           —               87
       Abgent Biotechnology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                           —               28

                                                                  45,099            49,449


      Notes:

       i.    NextCode Shanghai was no longer ultimately controlled by the Shareholders
             of the Company as defined in Note 42(b) and thus was no longer a related
             party of the Group since September 2, 2021. The transactions for the
             current year disclosed represented the transactions from January 1, 2021 to
             September 1, 2021.

       ii.   The amounts of transactions with MedKey represented the transactions
             between MedKey and Pfizer Hangzhou since acquisition date.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   245
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

      		        Other services received

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 WXAT Shanghai                                       2,479          4,809
                 WuXi AppTec Korea Co., Ltd.                          1,616          1,710
                 Shanghai Waigaoqiao WuXi AppTec Incubator
                   Management Co., Ltd. (“WXAT Incubator”)
                   (note)                                             1,280            —
                 STA Changzhou                                          294            —
                 NextCode Shanghai                                      231            —
                 WuXi AppTec Sales LLC (“Sales LLC”)                      —         3,764
                 Chengdu Kangde Renze Real Estate Co., Ltd.               —           189

                                                                     5,900         10,472


                Note:  
                       WXAT Incubator is a joint venture held by WXAT Shanghai, an indirect
                       wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.

      		        Purchase of materials

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Duoning                                            116,173        43,821
                 Lianghei                                             8,603         4,593
                 STA                                                  3,569            —

                                                                   128,345         48,414


      		        Purchase of property, plant and equipment

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Duoning                                              3,216           148
                 WXAT Shanghai                                          162           238
                 Lianghei                                                76            —
                 STA                                                      —            73
                 STA R&D                                                  —             4

                                                                     3,454            463


246   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2021




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

		    Interest expenses on lease liabilities

                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

       WXAT Shanghai                                              141               32
       NextCode Shanghai                                          101              300
       WXAT Incubator                                              50              135

                                                                 292               467


		    Expenses relating to short-term leases

                                                             2021             2020
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

       STA Changzhou                                           1,154                 —
       Shijiazhuang MingMa Medical Laboratory Co.,
         Ltd. (note)                                               —                57

                                                               1,154                57


      Note: 
            Shijiazhuang MingMa Medical Laboratory Co., Ltd. was disposed by the
            Shareholders of the Company since September 2020 and is not a related
            party of the Company since then.

		    Loan and related interest income

       Duoning, an associate of the Group, borrowed a loan amounting to
       RMB50,000,000 from the Group in the year ended December 31, 2020
       and repaid in full in the current year. The interest income recognized by
       the Group was RMB54,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020:
       RMB112,000). The transactions were carried out in accordance with the
       terms agreed with the counterparties.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   247
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (b) Related party balances

                 As at December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Group had balances with related
                 parties as follows:

                                                                  2021        2020
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Amounts due from related parties
                 Trade related
                 Duoning                                          1,944           —
                 Less: Allowance for credit losses                  (76)          —
                 WX MedImmune                                       399        5,346
                 Less: Allowance for credit losses                    —          (20)
                 WXAT Shanghai                                       15          767
                 STA                                                  9           —

                                                                  2,291        6,093


                                                                  2021        2020
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Contract assets
                 STA Changzhou                                    7,685            —
                 Less: Allowance for credit losses                   (2)           —

                                                                  7,683            —


                                                                  2021        2020
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000

                 Advances to suppliers
                 WASZ                                            12,526            —
                 MedKey                                              67            —
                 WXAT Incubator                                      14            —

                                                                 12,607            —




248   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                          For the year ended December 31, 2021




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (b)	Related party balances (Continued)

                                                           2021             2020
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Loan and interest receivables
      Duoning                                                    —            50,112


                                                           2021             2020
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Amounts due to related parties
      Trade related
      Duoning                                              36,908            15,023
      STA HK                                               19,498                —
      WASZ                                                  2,318            15,748
      STA                                                   2,148                —
      WXAT Shanghai                                         1,003               138
      XBL                                                     253                —
      STA R&D                                                  61                92
      Lianghei                                                 25             1,808
      WuXi AppTec (Nantong) Co., Ltd.                           —                39
      NextCode Shanghai                                         —               364

                                                           62,214            33,212


      Non-trade related
      Duoning                                                2,878                —
      WXAT Shanghai                                          2,500                —
      WASZ                                                   1,660                —
      STA Changzhou                                          1,570                —
      WuXi Diagnostic                                          249                —
      Sales LLC                                                  —               450

                                                             8,857               450


                                                           2021             2020
                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

      Contract liabilities
      STA R&D                                                    46                —
      WuXi ATU                                                   52                —

                                                                 98                —


                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   249
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (b)	Related party balances (Continued)

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Lease liabilities
                 WXAT Shanghai                                        2,334             —
                 WXAT Incubator                                           —          1,615
                 NextCode Shanghai                                        —          4,141

                                                                      2,334         5,756


                 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group entered into a
                 new lease agreement with WXAT Shanghai for three years. The Group
                 has recognized an addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
                 RMB3,422,000 and RMB3,422,000 respectively.

                                                                     2021          2020
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Consideration payable for acquisition of
                   business
                 STA Changzhou                                     280,000             —


                 Except for loan receivables and lease liabilities, all the above balances
                 with related parties are unsecured, interest free and repayable on
                 demand.

                 On May 20, 2020, WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited (“Biologics Holdings”),
                 the immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company, entered
                 into a block trade agreement with a placing agent pursuant to which
                 the placing agent has agreed to place 60,000,000 existing shares of the
                 Company (representing approximately 4.61% of the total issued share
                 capital of the Company as at May 21, 2020) held by Biologics Holdings to
                 parties independent of and not connected with the Company at a price
                 of HK$127.18 each (the “Transaction”). Immediately after the Transaction
                 completed on May 20, 2020, the shareholding held by Biologics Holdings
                 in the Company decreased from approximately 31.49% to 26.89% of the
                 total issued share capital of the Company and Biologics Holdings ceased
                 to be a controlling shareholder of the Company. Since then, Dr. Ge Li; Dr.
                 Ning Zhao, the spouse of Dr. Ge Li; Mr. Xiaozhong Liu and Mr. Zhaohui
                 Zhang (collectively referred to as “Shareholders”), who were all acting
                 in concert and ultimately controlled Biologics Holdings, ceased to be the
                 controlling shareholders and became the substantial shareholders of the
                 Company.

250   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2021




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (b)	Related party balances (Continued)

      Except for WX MedImmune, Hejing Pharmaceutical Technology (Shanghai)
      Co., Ltd., Duoning, WXAT Incubator, Lianghei and NextCode Shanghai of
      which the relationship with the Group have been disclosed separately as
      above, all of the other related parties mentioned above are considered
      as related parties of the Group throughout the entire reporting period,
      because they are the fellow subsidiaries of the Group under the common
      control of the Shareholders of the Company from January 1, 2020 to
      May 20, 2020 before the Transaction completed. After the Transaction
      completed on May 20, 2020 to the end of the reporting period, they are
      ultimately controlled by the Shareholders of the Company who, in the
      opinion of the directors of the Company, have been able to exercise
      significant influence over the Group.

   (c) Compensation of key management personnel

      The remuneration of the directors of the Company and other members of
      key management of the Group during the year was as follows:

                                                            2021             2020
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Director’s fee                                           559               601
      Salaries and other benefits                           13,013            10,839
      Performance-based bonus                                5,467             4,105
      Retirement benefits scheme contributions                 168               137
      Share-based compensation                              85,158            45,940

                                                           104,365            61,622


      The remuneration of key management is determined with reference to the
      performance of the individuals and market trends.

43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

   (a)	Equity instruments granted by WuXi PharmaTech to employees of
        the Group

      WuXi PharmaTech was once listed on the New York Stock Exchange and
      used to have an employee stock incentive plan (“WuXi PharmaTech Stock
      Units and Options”). Pursuant to the WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and
      Options, certain directors of the Company and employees of the Group
      were issued shares of WuXi PharmaTech which are subject to vesting term
      of one to five years (“WX RSUs”). The share restriction will be released
      when vested.

                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   251
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (a)	Equity instruments granted by WuXi PharmaTech to employees of
                the Group (Continued)

                 WuXi PharmaTech was privatized and delisted from the New York Stock
                 Exchange on December 10, 2015, and was taken control by New WuXi Life
                 Science Holdings Limited (“Life Science Holdings”), a company controlled
                 by the Shareholders. As part of the privatization process, the terms and
                 conditions of WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options were modified.

                 Under the modified WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options, the
                 total number of the outstanding WX RSUs remained unchanged, but
                 all outstanding WX RSUs as at December 10, 2015 would be settled by
                 cash consideration based on the closing price of WuXi PharmaTech on
                 December 10, 2015 (US$5.75 per share). Part of the cash consideration
                 was paid out immediately to some of the designated employees of
                 the Group (“Designated Employees”) holding outstanding WX RSUs as
                 their WX RSUs were deemed to be immediately vested. For remaining
                 e m p l o y e e s o f t h e G r o u p (“N o n-d e s i g n a t e d E m p l o y e e s”) h o l d i n g
                 outstanding WX RSUs, an escrow arrangement was made by Life Science
                 Holdings to put aside the cash consideration in an escrow account and the
                 cash consideration would be paid out to the Non-designated Employees
                 when the original vesting conditions of the WX RSUs are met.

                 Because the fair values of the outstanding WX RSUs under both the
                 original and modified WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options as
                 measured at the date of modification are determined to be the same,
                 therefore, the outstanding WX RSUs would continue to be measured
                 at the original grant-date fair value. For those Designated Employees,
                 because their outstanding WX RSUs were deemed to be immediately
                 vested, the Group recognized the share-based compensation expense
                 related to this acceleration of vesting immediately in the profit and loss
                 of the year ended December 31, 2015. For the Non-designated Employees,
                 the Group continued to recognize the corresponding share-based
                 compensation expense of their outstanding WX RSUs in the profit and loss
                 of the Group over the original vesting periods.

                 By the end of December 31, 2020, all share-based compensation expense
                 in relation to the outstanding WX RSUs has been recognized in the profit
                 and loss of the Group, hence, no share-based compensation expense in
                 relation to WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options was recognized for
                 the year ended December 31, 2021 (December 31, 2020: RMB136,000).




252   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (b) Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

      The Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant
      to resolutions passed on January 5, 2016 for the primary purpose of
      attracting, retaining and motivating employees and directors. Under the
      Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the directors of the Company may grant up
      to 144,600,000 (before the effect of the Share Subdivision) share options
      to eligible employees, including the directors of the Company and its
      subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company. Grantee accepting
      an option grant offered by the Company has to sign an acceptance letter
      and pay to the Company an amount of HK$1.00 (before the effect of the
      Share Subdivision) as consideration for the grant.

      Upon the Share Subdivision became effective, pro-rata adjustments were
      made to the exercise prices and the number of share options outstanding,
      so as to give the eligible employees the same proportion of the equity
      capital as that they were entitled to before the effect of the Share
      Subdivision.

      Each option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme can only
      be exercised in the following manners (each date on which any portion
      of option granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting
      Date” and each tranche on which any portion of option granted shall be
      vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Tranche”):

      Tranche                                Vesting Date

      twenty percent (20%) of the shares     second (2nd) anniversary of the
        subject to an option so granted         offer date for an Option
      twenty percent (20%) of the shares     third (3rd) anniversary of the offer
        subject to an option so granted         date for an Option
      twenty percent (20%) of the shares     fourth (4th) anniversary of the offer
        subject to an option so granted         date for an Option
      forty percent (40%) of the shares      fifth (5th) anniversary of the offer
        subject to an option so granted         date for an Option




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   253
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (b)	Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                 Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding options
                 granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the year ended
                 December 31, 2021 and 2020:

                                                                                                                                            Outstanding
                                              Outstanding                                                                                         as at
                                             as at January                                                                                 December 31,
                 Option batch                       1, 2021              Granted                  Exercised              Forfeited                 2021

                 January 7, 2016                 167,037,100                         —            35,135,774                     —              131,901,326
                 March 28, 2016                    2,254,075                         —              855,350                      —                1,398,725
                 August 10, 2016                   9,433,200                         —             1,810,600                187,200              7,435,400
                 November 11,
                    2016                           8,508,500                         —             3,544,897                28,800                4,934,803
                 March 15, 2017                   46,300,500                         —             3,906,907               760,800               41,632,793
                 May 12, 2017                      6,331,530                         —               632,900                    —                 5,698,630

                                                239,864,905                          —           45,886,428                976,800              193,001,677

                 Exercisable at
                    the end of the
                    year                          89,823,673                                                                                   167,686,477

                 Weighted average
                   exercise price
                   (US$)                                   0.22                      —                    0.20                      0.31                 0.22


                                           Outstanding                                                                                             Outstanding
                                          as at January                                                                                                   as at
                                                 1, 2020                                                                                          December 31,
                                                 (Before                 Exercised         Exercised      Forfeited     Forfeited                   2020 (After
                                              the effect                    before          after the       before      after the          Effect    the effect
                                               of Share                 the Share              Share     the Share         Share        of Share      of Share
                 Option batch              Subdivision)      Granted   Subdivision       Subdivision    Subdivision   Subdivision     Subdivision Subdivision)

                 January 7, 2016             67,220,659           —     11,255,763           776,588         27,000            —       111,875,792   167,037,100
                 March 28, 2016                 929,700           —        177,675              2,000            —             —         1,504,050     2,254,075
                 August 10, 2016              3,929,769           —        668,919             66,750        94,200            —         6,333,300     9,433,200
                 November 11, 2016            3,560,800           —        252,800          1,415,500            —             —         6,616,000     8,508,500
                 March 15, 2017              17,252,400           —      1,573,000           304,800        144,300            —        31,070,200    46,300,500
                 May 12, 2017                 2,518,700           —        389,190             21,000        12,000            —         4,235,020     6,331,530

                                             95,412,028           —     14,317,347         2,586,638       277,500             —       161,634,362   239,864,905


                 Exercisable at the end
                     of the year             22,261,563                                                                                               89,823,673

                 Weighted average
                     exercise price
                     (US$)                          0.65          —           0.61              0.24           0.88            —              N/A           0.22



254   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2021




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (b)	Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

      The estimated fair value of the Pre-IPO share options at the date of
      grant were approximately US$20,489,000, US$555,000, US$1,773,000,
      US$2,227,000, US$9,430,000 and US$2,974,000 for the January 7, 2016,
      March 28, 2016, August 10, 2016, November 11, 2016, March 15, 2017 and
      May 12, 2017 option batch, respectively. The fair value was calculated
      using the Binomial model. The major inputs into the model are as follows:



                            January 7,   March 28,    August 10,   November     March 15,   May 12,
      Grant date                 2016        2016          2016      11, 2016       2017      2017

      Share price (US$)
         (note)                 0.1600      0.1600        0.2167      0.2500       0.3167     0.5500
      Exercise price
         (US$) (note)           0.1667       0.1667      0.2200       0.2633      0.3400     0.6000
      Expected volatility      40.80%       40.80%       40.92%       40.87%      40.65%     40.46%
      Expected life
         (years)                    10           10           10           10          10         10
      Risk-free interest
         rate                   2.92%        2.92%        2.72%        2.83%       3.39%      3.67%
      Forfeiture rate           7.70%        7.70%        7.70%        7.70%       7.70%      7.70%

      Note:  The share price and exercise price represents the prices after the effect of
              the Share Subdivision effected on November 16, 2020.

      Share price is determined as the total fair value of the Company’s equity
      divided by the total number of shares. To determine the grant date fair
      values of the Company’s equity prior to the Company’s Initial Public
      Offering on May 31, 2017, the Company used primarily the discounted
      cash flow method under the income approach, using cash flow projections
      based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a five-
      year period as appropriate and a discount rate of 13%. Cash flow beyond
      that five-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 5% growth
      rate. This growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth
      rate for the market in which the Group operates. The result from the
      income approach was cross checked with the market approach, which
      incorporates certain assumptions, including the market performance of
      comparable listed companies, as well as the financial results and growth
      trends of the Company, to derive the total equity of the Group.

      The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of China
      government bonds with the term corresponding to the contractual life of
      the options. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical
      volatility of the comparable companies. Changes in variables and
      assumptions may result in changes in the fair values of the share options.

                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   255
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (b)	Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                 The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the
                 share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an
                 option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                 The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB7,341,000 for
                 the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB23,700,000) in relation to
                 share options granted by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option
                 Scheme.

                 In respect of the share options exercised during the year, the weighted
                 average share price at the dates of exercise was HK$109.14 (2020:
                 HK$49.8 after the effect of the Share Subdivision).

           (c) Restricted Share Award Scheme

                 On January 15, 2018, the Company adopted the Restricted Share Award
                 Scheme for the primary purpose of (i) recognize the contributions by
                 certain employees of the Group and directors of the Company (the
                 “Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award Scheme”); (ii)
                 encourage, motivate and retain the Selected Participants under Restricted
                 Share Award Scheme, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual
                 operation, development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii)
                 provide additional incentive for the Selected Participants under Restricted
                 Share Award Scheme to achieve performance goals, with a view to
                 achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning
                 the interests of the Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award
                 Scheme to the shareholders of the Company through ownership of Shares.
                 The total number of the restricted shares underlying all grants made
                 pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme shall not exceed three
                 percent of the issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption
                 date (i.e. 34,953,032 shares before the effect of the Share Subdivision).

                 The Company will issue and allot to trustee new shares under the general
                 mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company from time to time.
                 The new shares so issued will be held on trust until the end of each
                 vesting period and will be transferred to the Selected Participants under
                 Restricted Share Award Scheme upon satisfaction of the relevant original
                 vesting conditions.

                 The fair value of the restricted shares awarded was determined based on
                 the market value of the Company’s shares at the grant date.




256   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (c)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

      Upon the Share Subdivision became effective, pro-rata adjustments have
      been made to the number of outstanding restricted shares, so as to give
      the Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award Scheme the same
      proportion of the equity capital as that they were entitled to before the
      effect of the Share Subdivision.

      Except for 14,138 (before the effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted
      shares granted on June 5, 2019, 11,400 (before the effect of the Share
      Subdivision) restricted shares granted on June 9, 2020 and 12,335(after
      the effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted shares granted on June
      16, 2021 with vesting period of one year, and 56,018 (after the effect
      of the Share Subdivision) restricted shares granted on March 24, 2021
      with forty percent of such restricted shares were vested during the year
      ended December 31, 2021, and twenty and forty percent of such restricted
      shares shall be vested in the following two years, respectively, each
      other restricted share granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme
      can only be vested in the following manners (each date on which any
      portion of restricted share granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred
      to as a “Vesting Date of Restricted Share Award Scheme” and each
      tranche on which any portion of restricted share granted shall be vested
      is hereinafter referred to as a “Batch under Restricted Share Award
      Scheme”):

      Batch under Restricted Share              Vesting Date of Restricted
      Award Scheme                              Share Award Scheme

      twenty percent (20%) of the               second (2nd) anniversary of the
        restricted shares so granted              grant date for a restricted share

      twenty percent (20%) of the               third (3rd) anniversary of the grant
        restricted shares so granted              date for a restricted share

      twenty percent (20%) of the               fourth (4th) anniversary of the
        restricted shares so granted              grant date for a restricted share

      forty percent (40%) of the restricted     fifth (5th) anniversary of the grant
        shares so granted                          date for a restricted share




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   257
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (c)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

                 Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted
                 shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme during the
                 years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

                                               Outstanding                                         Outstanding    Fair value
                                                     as at                                                as at per share at
                                                January 1,                                           December the date of
                 Batch                                2021      Granted        Vested    Forfeited     31, 2021 grant (note)


                 January 15, 2018                 5,066,760             —    1,266,690    671,292     3,128,778     HK$18.333
                 March 20, 2018                   3,554,628             —      883,515    214,086     2,457,027     HK$25.233
                 June 13, 2018                     1,254,174            —      308,613     58,920        886,641    HK$29.500
                 August 21,2018                   2,727,846             —      664,425    134,364     1,929,057     HK$23.500
                 November 20, 2018                 1,941,925            —      469,361    136,042     1,336,522     HK$21.850
                 March 19, 2019                      137,910            —       27,580          —        110,330    HK$27.783
                 June 5, 2019                    12,546,804             —    2,474,188    544,351     9,528,265     HK$23.900
                 August 20, 2019                  4,212,252             —      808,304    255,804      3,148,144    HK$27.667
                 November 20, 2019                1,293,948             —      246,799     77,343       969,806     HK$29.800
                 March 27, 2020                   4,892,280             —           —     415,302     4,476,978     HK$33.333
                 June 9, 2020                     1,864,962             —       34,200     55,077     1,775,685     HK$41.900
                 August 18, 2020                   1,799,517            —           —      218,601     1,580,916    HK$58.600
                 November 12, 2020                6,359,703             —           —     387,558     5,972,145     HK$77.133
                 March 24, 2021                           —     4,736,220       22,408    231,436     4,482,376     HK$87.950
                 June 16, 2021                            —      1,493,141          —           —      1,493,141   HK$116.900
                 June 17, 2021                            —    13,128,486           —     593,610    12,534,876    HK$120.800
                 August 24, 2021                          —     4,869,545           —     286,124     4,583,421    HK$121.700
                 November 23, 2021                        —     3,944,640           —       97,871    3,846,769    HK$101.300


                                                47,652,709     28,172,032    7,206,083   4,377,781   64,240,877


                 Weighted average fair value
                    per share (HK$)                   34.04        112.50       24.08       55.65         68.09




258   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2021




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (c)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

                                    Outstanding                                                                          Outstanding
                                            as at                                                                               as at
                                      January 1,                                                                           December
                                            2020                                                                            31, 2020
                                         (Before    Granted      Vested                Forfeited Forfeited                 (After the Fair value
                                      the effect     before      before Vested after     before    after the      Effect       effect per share at
                                        of Share the Share the Share the Share the Share              Share    of Share     of Share the date of
      Batch                         Subdivision) Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision) grant (note)


      January 15, 2018                2,507,660            —     501,532          —       317,208          —     3,377,840     5,066,760    HK$18.333
      March 20, 2018                   1,651,730           —     328,194          —       138,660          —     2,369,752     3,554,628    HK$25.233
      June 13, 2018                     647,437            —     128,448          —       100,931          —        836,116     1,254,174   HK$29.500
      August 21,2018                   1,187,586           —     231,649          —        46,655          —      1,818,564    2,727,846    HK$23.500
      November 20, 2018                 883,499            —           —     500,951       69,207          —     1,628,584      1,941,925   HK$21.850
      March 19, 2019                       55,121          —           —          —          9,151         —         91,940       137,910   HK$27.783
      June 5, 2019                    4,357,657            —       14,138         —        161,251         —     8,364,536    12,546,804    HK$23.900
      August 20, 2019                  1,563,441           —           —          —       154,912      13,335    2,817,058     4,212,252    HK$27.667
      November 20, 2019                 535,674            —           —          —        94,534      29,472      882,280     1,293,948    HK$29.800
      March 27, 2020                           —    1,770,631          —          —       137,196       8,025    3,266,870     4,892,280    HK$33.333
      June 9, 2020                             —      645,146          —          —        23,492          —     1,243,308     1,864,962    HK$41.900
      August 18, 2020                          —     620,002           —          —         20,163         —      1,199,678     1,799,517   HK$58.600
      November 12, 2020                        —    2,137,316          —          —             —      52,245    4,274,632     6,359,703    HK$77.133


                                      13,389,805    5,173,095   1,203,961    500,951    1,273,360     103,077    32,171,158   47,652,709


      Weighted average fair value
          per share (HK$)                  71.44      166.58       67.40       21.85        77.40       53.79          N/A         34.04


      Note:  The fair value per share at the date of grant represents the prices after the
              effect of the Share Subdivision effected on November 16, 2020.

      The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB552,508,000
      for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: RMB260,341,000) in relation
      to restricted shares granted by the Company under the Restricted Share
      Award Scheme.




                                                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                             259
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (d) Global Partner Program Share Scheme

                 On June 16, 2021, the Company adopted a global partner program share
                 scheme to further reward and incentivize the Group’s top employees
                 and attract key talents (the “Selected Participants under Global Partner
                 Program Share Scheme”) to ensure the continuous business development
                 and growth of the Company and to further align the interests of the
                 top employees and the shareholders of the Company. The Selected
                 Participants under Global Partner Program Share Scheme who have
                 significant contributions to the Group’s business development and growth
                 will be granted restricted shares under the Global Partner Program Share
                 Scheme. The number of restricted shares to be granted will be determined
                 based on various performance-related considerations, such as the
                 fulfilment by the respective Selected Participants under Global Partner
                 Program Share Scheme of their individual performance targets as well
                 as the overall business performance of the Group as a whole. The total
                 number of the restricted shares underlying all grants made pursuant to
                 the Global Partner Program Share Scheme shall not exceed three percent
                 of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption
                 date (i.e. 126,982,689 shares).

                 The Company will issue and allot to trustee new shares under the general
                 mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company from time to time.
                 The new shares so issued will be held on trust until the end of each
                 vesting period and will be transferred to the Selected Participants under
                 Global Partner Program Share Scheme upon satisfaction of the relevant
                 original vesting conditions.

                 The fair value of the restricted shares awarded was determined based on
                 the market value of the Company’s share at the grant date.

                 The restricted share granted under the Global Partner Program Scheme
                 can only be vested in the following manners (each date on which any
                 portion of restricted share granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred
                 to as a “Vesting Date of Global Partner Program Share Scheme” and each
                 tranche on which any portion of restricted share granted shall be vested
                 is hereinafter referred to as a “Batch under Global Partner Program Share
                 Scheme”):




260   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (d)	Global Partner Program Share Scheme (Continued)

      Batch under Global Partner                                Vesting Date of Global Partner
      Program Share Scheme                                      Program Share Scheme

      fifty percent (50%) of the restricted                     first (1st) anniversary of the grant
         shares so granted                                         date for a restricted share

      fifty percent (50%) of the restricted                     second (2nd) anniversary of the
         shares so granted                                        grant date for a restricted share

      Besides, the restricted shares can only be vested when the share price is
      no less than HK$97.80.

      Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted
      shares granted under the Global Partner Program Share Scheme as of
      December 31, 2021:

                                    Outstanding                                         Outstanding
                                          as at                                               as at Fair value per
                                     January 1,                                        December 31, share at the
      Batch                                2021   Granted          Vested    Forfeited         2021 date of grant


      November 23, 2021                      —    2,723,830            —           —       2,723,830     HK$101.30


      Weighted average fair value
         per share (HK$)                     —       101.30            —           —          101.30


      The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB18,103,000
      for the year ended December 31, 2021 (2020: Nil) in relation to restricted
      shares granted by the Company under the Global Partner Program Share
      Scheme.




                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021        261
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

           The direct and indirect interests in the following subsidiaries held by the
           Company during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                                        Attributable equity
                                                   Place of        Authorized                            interests held by
                                               Incorporation/     share capital/                        the Company as at
                                             operation, date of    Registered                              December 31                Principal
           Name of subsidiaries                 incorporation        capital         Paid up capital       2021       2020            activities
                                                                                                             %           %

           Directly held:

           WuXi Biologics                        Hong Kong         Not applicable    RMB2,065,376,000       100        100           Investment
            Investments Limited               November 18, 2010                                                                          holding
            (“Biologics Investments”)

           無錫明德生物醫藥有限公司                        The PRC       RMB3,000,000,000        RMB1,049,789,371       100        100           Investment
            (WuXi Medi Biologics, Inc.) # September 26, 2016                                                                             holding
            (note ii)

           WuXi Biologics HealthCare           Cayman Islands        US$50,000              —               100        100           Investment
            Venture (Cayman) Inc.               April 10, 2018                                                                           holding

           WuXi Biologics HealthCare             Hong Kong         Not applicable           —               100        100           Investment
            Venture Hong Kong Holding           April 25, 2018                                                                           holding
            Limited

           WuXi Biologics Alliance               Hong Kong         Not applicable           —               100        100           Investment
            Limited                             June 27, 2019                                                                            holding

           WuXi Vaccines (Cayman) Inc.         Cayman Islands        US$50,000          US$50,000            70        100           Investment
                                             September 18, 2020                                                                          holding

           WuXi XDC (Cayman) Inc.              Cayman Islands        US$50,000              —               100        100           Investment
                                              December 14, 2020                                                                          holding

           Indirectly held:

           無錫藥明康德企業管理                             The PRC         RMB4,911,180,000   RMB4,911,180,000       100        100           Investment
            有限公司 (WuXi Biologics               August 14, 2014                                                                           holding
            Holdings Co., Ltd.)# (note ii)

           無錫藥明生物技術股份有限公司.                        The PRC         RMB8,915,770,000   RMB7,760,770,000       100        100      Development of,
            (WuXi Co.)# (note i)                May 25, 2010                                                                   and the provision
                                                                                                                                 of consultation
                                                                                                                                      services in
                                                                                                                                 relation to, the
                                                                                                                              biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                     technology




262   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                   Attributable equity
                                          Place of        Authorized                                interests held by
                                      Incorporation/     share capital/                            the Company as at
                                    operation, date of    Registered                                  December 31                 Principal
   Name of subsidiaries                incorporation        capital           Paid up capital         2021       2020             activities
                                                                                                        %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   WuXi Biologics                        Hong Kong         Not applicable           HK$1               100        100         International
    (Hong Kong) Limited                 May 12, 2014                                                                      sales contracting
                                                                                                                                    service

   蘇州藥明檢測檢驗有限責任公司                        The PRC          RMB42,860,000        RMB42,860,000           100        100          Testing and
    (WuXi Biologics Biosafety          May 30, 2012                                                                           development
    Testing (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                                 of testing
    (note iii)                                                                                                                technologies

   上海藥明生物技術有限公司                          The PRC         RMB1,330,000,000     RMB1,330,000,000         100        100         Research and
    (Shanghai Biologics)#             January 6, 2015                                                                         development
    (note iii)                                                                                                                 in relation to
                                                                                                                                    biologics

   WuXi Biologics Ireland Limited         Ireland         EUR681,496,881       EUR681,496,881          100        100             Biologics
    (“Biologics Ireland”)              March 8, 2018                                                                             discovery,
                                                                                                                          development and
                                                                                                                            manufacturing
                                                                                                                                    service

   WuXi Biologics USA, LLC.          The United States    US$110,000,000       US$109,200,100          100        100             Sales and
    (“USA Biologics”)                   of America                                                                       marketing services
                                       April 21, 2016                                                                       in US, biologics
                                                                                                                                clinical and
                                                                                                                             manufacturing
                                                                                                                                     service

   WuXi Biologics UK Ltd.           The United Kingdom Pound Sterling 1,000 Pound Sterling 1,000       100        100            Sales and
    (“UK Biologics”)                 December 2, 2016                                                                    marketing services
                                                                                                                                 in Europe

   上海藥明生物醫藥有限公司                           The PRC         US$50,000,000        US$27,500,000           100        100        Production and
    (WuXi Biopharmaceuticals            April 7, 2017                                                                     sales of medicals,
    (Shanghai) Co., Ltd)#                                                                                                      and provision
    (note i)                                                                                                                   of services in
                                                                                                                              relation to the
                                                                                                                         biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                  technology




                                                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                     263
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                      Attributable equity
                                                  Place of         Authorized                          interests held by
                                              Incorporation/      share capital/                      the Company as at
                                            operation, date of     Registered                            December 31               Principal
           Name of subsidiaries                incorporation         capital        Paid up capital      2021       2020           activities
                                                                                                           %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           成都藥明生物技術有限公司 (WuXi                    The PRC          US$90,000,000      US$36,318,000        100        100       Research and
            Biologics (Chengdu)              December 4, 2017                                                                  development
            Co., Ltd) # (note i)                                                                                                in relation to
                                                                                                                                     biologics

           上海藥明海德生物科技有限公司                        The PRC          RMB500,000,000     RMB8,200,000          70         70          Biologics
            (Shanghai Vaccines                 August 1, 2018                                                                 manufacturing
            Co., Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                                    service

           無錫藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                        The PRC          US$200,000,000     US$50,000,000        100        100            Biologics
            (WuXi XDC Co., Ltd.)#              March 13, 2018                                                                      discovery,
            (notes ii)                                                                                                      development and
                                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                      service

           河北藥明生物技術有限公司 (WuXi                    The PRC           US$17,000,000     US$17,000,000        100        100            Biologics
            Biologics (Hebei) Co., Ltd.)#      June 19, 2018                                                                       discovery,
            (note i)                                                                                                        development and
                                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                      service

           WuXi Biologics HealthCare            Hong Kong          Not applicable          —              100        100          Investment
            Venture                            May 29, 2018                                                                           holding

           杭州明德生物醫藥技術有限公司                         The PRC         US$110,000,000     US$97,374,562        100        100            Biologics
            (WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou)       September 16, 2019                                                                    discovery,
            Co., Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                            development and
                                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                      service

           WuXi Biologics Singapore              Singapore             US$1           US$1,000,000        100        100          Biologics
            Private Limited                   February 1, 2019                                                                manufacturing
                                                                                                                                    service

           WuXi Vaccines (Hong Kong)            Hong Kong          Not applicable    US$107,000,000        70         70        International
            Limited                            May 24, 2019                                                                 sales contracting
                                                                                                                                      service

           WuXi Vaccines Ireland Limited          Ireland            EUR1,000           EUR1,000           70         70      Vaccine CDMO
                                               June 20, 2019                                                                    and related
                                                                                                                                    business




264   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2021




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                  Attributable equity
                                            Place of          Authorized                           interests held by
                                        Incorporation/       share capital/                       the Company as at
                                      operation, date of      Registered                             December 31               Principal
   Name of subsidiaries                  incorporation          capital         Paid up capital      2021       2020           activities
                                                                                                       %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   博格隆(浙江)生物技術有限                           The PRC           RMB240,000,000     RMB102,000,000       50.1        50.1           Biologics
    公司 (Bestchrom (Zhejiang)             June 18, 2013                                                                   manufacturing
    Biosciences Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                                 service and
    (note i)                                                                                                            material supplier

   博格隆(上海)生物技術                              The PRC            US$150,000          US$150,000        50.1        50.1           Biologics
    有限公司 (Bestchrom                       July 1, 2008                                                                   manufacturing
    (Shanghai) Biosciences                                                                                                  service and
    Co., Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                                material supplier

   WuXi Biologics Germany             The Federal Republic     EUR25,000         EUR240,064,271       100        100          Biologics
    GmbH                                  of Germany                                                                      manufacturing
                                       December 20, 2019                                                                        service

   杭州明德生物新技術開發                             The PRC           US$20,000,000       US$20,000,000        100        100            Biologics
    有限公司 (WuXi Biologics                 April 30, 2020                                                                        discovery,
    (Hangzhou FTZ) Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                          development and
    (note i)                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                  service

   無錫博格隆生物技術有限公                            The PRC           RMB20,000,000             —             50.1        50.1           Biologics
    司 (WuXi Bestchrom                 September 15, 2020                                                                       discovery,
    Biosciences Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                             development and
    (note i)                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                  service

   北京藥明生物技術有限公司                            The PRC           RMB30,000,000       RMB5,000,000         100        100            Biologics
    (Beijing Biologics)# (note iii)   September 18, 2020                                                                       discovery,
                                                                                                                        development and
                                                                                                                          manufacturing
                                                                                                                                  service

   無錫元康投資管理有限公司 (WuXi          The PRC       RMB2,500,000,000                   RMB235,020,000        100        100          Investment
    Yuankang Investments   November 10, 2020                                                                                      activity
    Co., Ltd.)# (note iii)

   無錫藥明海德生物技術有限公司                          The PRC           RMB50,000,000             —               70        N/A          Biologics
    (WuXi Vaccines Co., Ltd)#            March 8, 2021                                                                    manufacturing
    (note i)                                                                                                                    service




                                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                265
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                       Attributable equity
                                                Place of            Authorized                          interests held by
                                            Incorporation/         share capital/                      the Company as at
                                          operation, date of        Registered                            December 31               Principal
           Name of subsidiaries              incorporation            capital        Paid up capital      2021       2020           activities
                                                                                                            %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           WuXi XDC Hong Kong Limited          Hong Kong            Not applicable          —              100        N/A        International
                                              June 7, 2021                                                                   sales contracting
                                                                                                                                       service

           CMAB Biopharma Limited         British Virgin Islands    Not applicable      US$50,000          100        N/A          Investment
                                              June 15, 2017                                                                            holding

           CMAB Biopharma (HK) Limited        Hong Kong             Not applicable      HK$10,000          100        N/A          Investment
                                           December 1, 2016                                                                            holding

           CMAB Biopharma (US) Inc.        The United States            US$1               US$1            100        N/A        Development,
                                             June 9, 2020                                                                      production and
                                                                                                                                distribution of
                                                                                                                              biotechnological
                                                                                                                                      products

           CMAB Biopharma                    Switzerland             CHF100,000         CHF100,000         100        N/A        Development,
             (Switzerland) Inc.             March 26, 2018                                                                     production and
                                                                                                                                distribution of
                                                                                                                              biotechnological
                                                                                                                                      products

           蘇州藥明生物技術有限公司 (WuXi                  The PRC              US$69,364,416     US$69,364,416        100        N/A            Biologics
            Biologics (Suzhou) Co.,          June 23, 2017                                                                          discovery,
            Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                                  development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           浙江藥明生物醫藥有限公司 (WuXi                  The PRC             US$325,000,000     US$321,000,000       100        N/A            Biologics
            Biologics (Zhejiang) Co.,      November 2, 2015                                                                         discovery,
            Ltd)# (note ii)                                                                                                  development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           上海藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                      The PRC             RMB30,000,000      RMB3,500,000         100        N/A            Biologics
            (WuXi XDC (Shanghai)             March 31, 2021                                                                         discovery,
            Co., Ltd.)# (notes iii)                                                                                          development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service




266   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2021




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                Attributable equity
                                          Place of        Authorized                             interests held by
                                      Incorporation/     share capital/                         the Company as at
                                    operation, date of    Registered                               December 31               Principal
   Name of subsidiaries                incorporation        capital           Paid up capital      2021       2020           activities
                                                                                                     %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   常州藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                         The PRC        RMB300,000,000        RMB4,500,000         100        N/A            Biologics
    (WuXi XDC (Changzhou)               July 2, 2021                                                                         discovery,
    Co., Ltd.)# (notes iii)                                                                                           development and
                                                                                                                        manufacturing
                                                                                                                                service

   無錫藥明新創生物技術有限公司                        The PRC         RMB100,000,000              —              100        N/A            Biologics
    (WuXi Biologics New Tech           April 29, 2021                                                                        discovery,
    Co., Ltd.)# (note ii)                                                                                             development and
                                                                                                                        manufacturing
                                                                                                                                service

   無錫雅康實業投資有限公司 (WuXi                    The PRC         RMB300,000,000              —              100        N/A          Investment
    Yakang Investments Co.,            June 30, 2021                                                                            activity
    Ltd.)# (note iii)

   無錫啟盛投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                      The PRC         RMB1,000,000,000      RMB60,000,000        100        N/A          Investment
    (WuXi Qisheng Investments          June 30, 2021                                                                            activity
    Partnership (Limited
    Partnership))# (note i)

   上海藥明檢測有限公司 (WuXi                       The PRC        RMB100,000,000              —              100        N/A         Testing and
     Biologics Biosafety Testing        July 22, 2021                                                                     development
     (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.)# (note                                                                                            of testing
    i)                                                                                                                    technologies

   無錫康澤投資管理有限公司                           The PRC        RMB400,000,000              —              100        N/A          Investment
    (WuXi Kangze Investments            July 21, 2021                                                                           activity
    Management Co., Ltd.)#
    (note ii)




                                                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021                267
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                    Attributable equity
                                                Place of        Authorized                           interests held by
                                            Incorporation/     share capital/                       the Company as at
                                          operation, date of    Registered                             December 31            Principal
           Name of subsidiaries              incorporation        capital         Paid up capital      2021       2020        activities
                                                                                                         %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           無錫康悅投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                     The PRC        RMB500,000,000            —              100        N/A       Investment
            (WuXi Kangyue Investments        August 6, 2021                                                                      activity
            Partnership (Limited
            Partnership))# (note i)

           無錫啟源投資合夥企業                           The PRC        RMB1,000,000,000          —              100        N/A       Investment
            (有限合夥) (WuXi Qiyuan             October 12, 2021                                                                     activity
            Investments Partnership
            (Limited Partnership))#
            (note i)

           Wuxi Biologics                     Singapore             US$1                 —              100        N/A        Biologics
            Biopharmaceuticals             December 30, 2021                                                              manufacturing
            Singapore Private Limited                                                                                           service


           #      English name is for identification purpose only.

           Notes:

           i.     This Company is a sino-foreign joint venture.

           ii.    This Company is a wholly-foreign owned enterprise.

           iii.   This Company is a wholly-domestic owned enterprise.

           None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




268   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2021




45. FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                           2021                2020
                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

   Non-current Asset
   Investments in subsidiaries                        4,890,970             2,834,140

                                                      4,890,970             2,834,140

   Current Assets
   Other receivables and prepayments                     223,150                13,390
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                      17,130,198            7,640,210
   Financial assets at FVTPL                                  64                    66
   Time deposits                                       1,147,626            1,272,356
   Pledged bank deposits                                 127,050              441,487
   Bank balances and cash                              3,617,126            4,919,577
   Derivative financial assets                          360,603                186,166

                                                     22,605,817            14,473,252

   Current Liabilities
   Trade and other payables                              791,260              277,139
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                           884,521              593,499
   Derivative financial liabilities                       39,719               25,722
   Income tax payables                                    53,299                6,562

                                                       1,768,799              902,922

   Net Current Assets                                20,837,018            13,570,330

   Total Assets less Current Liabilities             25,727,988            16,404,470

   Non-current Liabilities                                       —                    —

   Net Assets                                        25,727,988            16,404,470


   Capital and Reserves
   Share capital                                            235                   225
   Reserves                                          25,727,753            16,404,245

   Total Equity attributable to the Owners
     of the Company                                  25,727,988            16,404,470




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   269
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      46. RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

           The movement of the reserves of the Company are as follows:

                                                              Equity-settled  Cash flow
                                                               share-based and fair value
                                      Treasury          Share compensation       hedging     Accumulated          Total
                                         stock       premium        reserve       reserve     profit (loss)    reserves
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

           At January 1, 2020                 —     10,217,257      426,277            —           150,832    10,794,366

           Total comprehensive
               income (expense) for
               the year                       —             —             —         12,114        (296,177)     (284,063)
           Issue of new shares, net
               of transaction costs           —      5,545,782            —            —                 —     5,545,782
           Exercise of equity-
               settled share-based
               compensation                   —         64,194            —            —                 —        64,194
           Recognition of equity-
               settled share-based
               compensation                   —             —       283,966            —                 —      283,966

           At December 31, 2020               —     15,827,233      710,243         12,114        (145,345)   16,404,245
           Total comprehensive
               income for the year            —             —             —         2,568          304,184      306,752
           Issue of new shares, net
               of transaction costs           —     10,899,022            —            —                 —    10,899,022
           Exercise of equity-
               settled share-based
               compensation                   —        57,568             —            —                 —       57,568
           Recognition of equity-
               settled share-based
               compensation                   —             —       577,281            —                 —       577,281
           Repurchase of shares       (2,517,115)           —            —             —                 —     (2,517,115)

           At December 31, 2021       (2,517,115)   26,783,823     1,287,524       14,682          158,839    25,727,753




270   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2021




47. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                   2021             2020
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

   Unlisted shares, at cost
   Biologics Investments (note i)                              2,065,376         2,065,376
   WuXi Medi Biologics, Inc.                                   1,049,789            60,010
   WuXi Vaccines (Cayman) Inc.                                   491,029                —

   Deemed capital contributions to (note ii) :
   WuXi Co.                                                      664,927           352,952
   Shanghai Biologics                                            374,994            279,112
   USA Biologics                                                  62,203            29,806
   WuXi Biologics Biosafety Testing (Suzhou) Co.,
     Ltd.                                                          27,285            14,584
   UK Biologics                                                      5,361             1,709
   Biologics Ireland                                                19,914             7,158
   Wuxi XDC                                                         11,758            3,326
   WuXi Biologics (Hebei) Co., Ltd.                                  3,954             1,291
   WuXi Biopharmaceuticals (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                    81,220             16,112
   WuXi Biologics (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.                                  824               263
   WuXi Vaccines Ireland Limited                                     3,757                 11
   WuXi Biologics Germany GmbH                                       6,784                  5
   Beijing Biologics                                                 2,453               344
   Shanghai Vaccines Co., Ltd.                                         847               546
   WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                              11,364             1,422
   WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou FTZ) Co., Ltd.                           3,199                113
   WuXi XDC (Changzhou) Co., Ltd.                                      876                 —
   WuXi Biologics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.                                 328                 —
   Shanghai XDC                                                        727                 —
   WuXi Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                                 1,940                 —
   WuXi Biologics Singapore Private Limited                             61                 —

                                                               4,890,970         2,834,140


   Notes:

   i.    The amount represents the cost of investment amounting to HK$2,357,188,000
         (equivalent to approximately RMB2,065,376,000) in Biologics Investments, a
         wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong.

   ii.   The amounts represent the equity-settled share-based compensation in respect
         of the respective share options and restricted shares granted by the Company to
         certain employees of the specified subsidiaries for employees’ services rendered
         to the respective subsidiaries under the Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
         and Restricted Share Award Scheme as disclosed in Note 43. Since the subsidiaries
         have no obligation to reimburse such expense, the amounts are treated as
         deemed capital contribution by the Company to the subsidiaries and included in
         the Company’s cost of investments in subsidiaries.

                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   271
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2021




      48. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

           Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the
           Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2021:

           (1)   From January 4, 2022 to January 5, 2022, the Company repurchased an
                 aggregate of 10,435,500 shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                 Limited at the highest and lowest prices of HK$82.90 and HK$78.45 per
                 share, respectively. The aggregate purchase price paid for the share
                 repurchase was approximately HK$842.67 million.

           (2) On February 8, 2022, the Bureau of Industry and Security in the
               Department of Commerce of the United States of America (the “U.S.
               Commerce Department”) added two of the Group’s subsidiaries, namely,
               WuXi Co. and Shanghai Biologics to the unverified list (“UVL”). For
               details of the aforesaid matter, please refer to “KEY EVENTS AFTER THE
               REPORTING PERIOD” in the annual report.




272   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                         Definitions



“AGM”                  the annual general meeting of the Company

“Audit Committee”      the audit committee of the Board

“Biologics Holdings”   WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited, a company
                       incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin
                       Islands on December 17, 2015 with limited liability,
                       and a substantial shareholder of the Company. Our
                       Directors, Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Yibing Wu and
                       Mr. Yanling Cao serve as the directors of Biologics
                       Holdings

“Board” or ”Board of   the board of Directors of the Company
  Directors”

“CDMO”                 Contract Development and Manufacturing
                       Organization

“CG Code”              the Corporate Governance Code as set out in
                       Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

“cGMP”                 Current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations,
                       regulations enforced by the Food and Drug
                       Administration of the United States on pharmaceutical
                       and biotech firms to ensure that the products produced
                       meet specific requirements for identity, strength,
                       quality and purity

“Chairman”             the Chairman of the Board

“China” or the “PRC”   the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the
                       purpose of this annual report, Hong Kong, Macau
                       Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

“China NMPA”           China National Medical Products Administration

“Company”              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (藥明生物技術有限公司*),
                       an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman
                       Islands with limited liability on February 27, 2014

“Director(s)”          the director(s) of the Company

“DNA”                  a molecule that carries most of the genetic
                       instructions used in the development, functioning
                       and reproduction of all known living organisms and
                       many viruses




                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   273
      Definitions



      “EU”                                 a politico-economic union of 27 member states that
                                           are located primarily in Europe

      “EU EMA”                             European Medicines Agency

      “EUR”                                Europe currency

      “Global Partner Program              the share award scheme for global partner program
        Share Scheme”                      adopted by the Company on June 16, 2021

      “GMP”                                Good Manufacturing Practice

      “Group” ” or “we” or                 the Company and its subsidiaries
        “our” or “us”

      “H.K. dollar(s)” or “HK$”            Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong
                                           Kong

      “HKEX”                               Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited

      “Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
                                           PRC

      “IFRS”                               International Financial Reporting Standards

      “IND”                                investigational new drug, an experimental drug for
                                           which a pharmaceutical company obtains permission
                                           to ship across jurisdictions (usually to clinical
                                           investigators) before a marketing application for the
                                           drug has been approved

      “IPO”                                the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the
                                           Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017

      “Italy AIFA”                         Italian Medicines Agency

      “Japan PMDA”                         Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency of
                                           Japan

      “Life Science Holdings”              New WuXi Life Science Holdings Limited, a company
                                           incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                           on July 2, 2015 with limited liability, which holds
                                           100% issued share capital of Life Science Limited. Our
                                           Directors, Mr. Yibing Wu and Mr. Yanling Cao serve
                                           as the directors of Life Science Holdings




274   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
                                                               Definitions



“Life Science Limited”    New WuXi Life Science Limited, a company
                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                          on July 2, 2015 with limited liability, which holds
                          100% issued share capital of WuXi PharmaTech. Our
                          Directors, Mr. Yibing Wu and Mr. Yanling Cao serve
                          as the directors of Life Science Limited

“Listing Rules”           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
                          Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended
                          or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”              Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”              the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
                          Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix 10
                          to the Listing Rules

"NYSE"                    The New York Stock Exchange

“Pre-IPO Share Option     the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the
  Scheme”                 Company on January 5, 2016, and amended on
                          August 10, 2016, the principal terms of which are
                          summarized in “Statutory and General Information —
                          E. Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV to
                          the Prospectus

“Prospectus”              the prospectus issued by the Company dated May
                          31, 2017

“Remuneration             the remuneration committee of the Board
  Committee”

“Renminbi” or “RMB”       Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”        t h e o n e-y e a r p e r i o d f r o m J a n u a r y 1, 2021 t o
                          December 31, 2021

“Restricted Share Award   the restricted share award scheme adopted by the
  Scheme”                 Company on January 15, 2018

“Shareholder(s)”          holder(s) of Share(s)

“Share(s)”                ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with
                          nominal value of US$1/120,000 each

“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Strategy Committee”      the strategy committee of the Board


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021   275
      Definitions



      “U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$”            United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the
        or “USD”                           United States of America

      “U.S. FDA”                           The Food and Drug Administration of the United
                                           States of America

      “Written Guidelines”                 the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by
                                           Directors adopted by the Company

      “WuXi AppTec”                        WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份
                                           有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on
                                           December 1, 2000 and the shares of which are listed
                                           on Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock code: 603259)
                                           and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock
                                           code: 2359)

      “WuXi PharmaTech”                    W u X i P h a r m a T e c h (C a y m a n) I n c., a c o m p a n y
                                           incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                           on March 16, 2007 with limited liability. Its shares
                                           were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock
                                           code: WX), and were delisted from the New York
                                           Stock Exchange on December 10, 2015. Our Directors,
                                           Mr. Yibing Wu and Mr. Yanling Cao serve as the
                                           directors of WuXi PharmaTech

      “WuXi Vaccines”                      WuXi Vaccines (Cayman) Inc., a company
                                           incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                           and a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company

      “WuXi XDC”                           WuXi XDC Cayman Inc., a company incorporated
                                           under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited
                                           liability and a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                           Company

      In this annual report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms “associate”, “associated
      corporation”, “connected person”, “subsidiary” and “substantial shareholder” shall
      have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules.




276   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2021
