      ai168204454671̲WuXi Biologics AR2022 Cover V03̲30.5mm̲OP.pdf 1 21/4/2023 上午10:35




 C



 M



 Y



CM



MY



CY



CMY



 K




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022 年度報告
                                                                                         年   度   報   告                             ANNUAL REPORT


                                                                                         2022                                      2022
Table of
Contents
                                                            Page
                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION        2
                             CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT        4
                                     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS      6
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS        7
                        DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT      46
                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT    56
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT      80
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 106
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                            OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 112
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 114
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 116
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 118
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 120
                                              DEFINITIONS 284
    Corporate Information



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                STRATEGY COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                               Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chairman)
                                                      Dr. Ge Li
    Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                 Mr. Yibing Wu
      (Chief Executive Officer)                       Dr. Weichang Zhou
    Dr. Weichang Zhou                                 Mr. William Robert Keller
      (Chief Technology Officer)                      Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III

    Non-executive Directors                           ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                                      GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
    Dr. Ning Zhao                                     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chairman)
    Mr. Yibing Wu                                     Dr. Ning Zhao
    Mr. Yanling Cao                                   Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
                                                      Mr. William Robert Keller
    Independent Non-executive
    Directors
                                                      AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. William Robert Keller
                                                      Dr. Zhisheng Chen
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
                                                      Ms. Sham Ying Man
     (passed away on November 24, 2022)
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
                                                      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                      Mr. Huang Yue
                                                      Ms. Sham Ying Man
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (Chairman)
     (passed away on November 24, 2022)
    Mr. William Robert Keller                         REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
                                                      PO Box 309
                                                      Ugland House
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Grand Cayman KY1-1104
                                                      Cayman Islands
    Mr. William Robert Keller (Chairman)
    Dr. Ning Zhao
    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                   CORPORATE HEADQUARTER

                                                      No. 108, Meiliang Road
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                      Mashan
                                                      Wuxi
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
                                                      China
    Mr. William Robert Keller
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
      (passed away on November 24, 2022)              PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                      IN HONG KONG

                                                      5/F, Manulife Place
                                                      348 Kwun Tong Road
                                                      Kowloon
                                                      Hong Kong

2   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                    Corporate Information



CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL
SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman KY1-1102
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Service Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER

Fangda Partners
26/F One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place, Central
Hong Kong

AUDITOR

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity
  Auditors
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE

2269

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.wuxibiologics.com




                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   3
    Chairman and CEO Statement



    Dear Shareholders,
    On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of WuXi
    Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the
    “Group”), we are pleased to present you the Group’s 2022 Annual Report.
    2022 was a year of unprecedented uncertainties and challenges. Yet by leveraging
    our remarkable resilience and unwavering commitment to reliability, the Group
    not only overcame those external challenges and unlocked our Contract Research,
    Development and Manufacturing Organization (“CRDMO”) potential, but also
    continued to garner the trust of our clients and partners through our capabilities
    and capacity.
    During the year ending on December 31, 2022, the Group added 136 new
    integrated projects to reach a total of 588, with nearly 550 of them being
    non-COVID related. The number of late-phase and commercial manufacturing
    projects increased to 54, establishing a robust foundation for future revenue
    streams. Total backlog and milestone backlog grew to US$20,571 million and
    US$7,032 million respectively. The Group’s revenue surged by 48.4% year-on-year
    to RMB15,268.7 million. Additionally, gross profit has also seen a significant
    increase of 39.2% year-on-year to RMB6,724.0 million. It is worth mentioning
    that the Group’s non-COVID revenue achieved an impressive growth of 62.8%
    year-on-year, reflecting our strong momentum. Notably, the Group’s free cash flow
    turned positive in 2022, providing a solid foundation for our enduring growth and
    sustained capacity expansion.
    In addition, our business units reached various milestones in 2022 in pursuit of
    our well-established “Follow and Win the Molecule” and “Global Dual Sourcing”
    strategies.
    •    We revealed a 10-year investment plan of US$1.4 billion to establish a
         state-of-the-art, fully integrated CRDMO center in Singapore, which will
         significantly expand our capabilities and capacity to reinforce the Group’s
         research, development and manufacturing network, strengthening our ability
         to meet the increasing demand for end-to-end services.
    •    Both of our subsidiaries, WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd. and WuXi Biologics
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., were successfully removed from the U.S. Commerce
         Department’s Unverified List (“UVL”), showcasing our steadfast dedication to
         maintaining the highest levels of compliance and adhering to applicable laws
         and regulations.
    •    The Group entered into a license agreement with GSK plc (LSE/NYSE: GSK)
         under which GSK will have exclusive licenses for up to four bi- & multi-specific
         T cell engager (“TCE”) antibodies developed using the Group’s proprietary
         technology platforms. Partnering with GSK signifies the success of the Group’s
         research capability, the ‘R’ in our CRDMO business model.
    •    Our industry-leading subsidiaries, WuXi Vaccines and WuXi XDC, made
         significant progress and emerged as the Group’s high-growth platforms. WuXi
         Vaccines continued to strengthen its end-to-end vaccine platform with a total
         of 44 projects, including 20 integrated projects. WuXi XDC, the integrated
         Antibody-drug Conjugate (“ADC”) platform, has 94 ADC integrated projects
         globally with 40 IND submissions.
    •    The Group had yet another prosperous year expanding its capacity by
         reaching a total of 262,000L, which included the launch of a new CRDMO
         center and multiple manufacturing facilities in China, Europe, and the U.S. The
         seamless integration of drug substance and drug product facilities acquired
         from Bayer, Pfizer China, and CMAB further enhanced its production network
         and commitment to its clients and partners under the “Global Dual Sourcing”
         strategy.

4   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                               Chairman and CEO Statement



As a leading global biologics CRDMO platform, the Group enhanced its capabilities
and capacity to optimize the range of services offered to the global biologics
industry. Bolstered by a team of over 4,000 scientists, the Group has developed
various in-house technology platforms throughout the entire life cycle of biologics
development, including the WuXiBody® bispecific antibody platform, SDArBodY®
multispecific antibody platform, WuXia® cell line development platform and
WuXiUP™ continuous manufacturing platform, as well as various new modalities
for vaccines and ADCs. These diverse proprietary technology platforms serve as
the foundational pillars of the Group’s CRDMO business model and will foster the
Group’s sustained growth.

The Group remains dedicated to the highest industry quality standards by passing
27 regulatory inspections since 2017 conducted by U.S. FDA, EU EMA, China NMPA
and other global regulatory agencies. The Group’s 14 GMP-certified manufacturing
facilities, including its first GMP-certified manufacturing facilities in Germany and
Ireland, further exhibits the Group’s commitment to complying with the world’s
most stringent quality standards.

The Group successfully concluded over 250 Kaizen projects in 2022 under WuXi
Biologics Business System (“WBS”), which was deployed to connect our group’s
CRDMO business model and our ever-improving operational efficiency to enable
our clients and partners.

The Group consistently worked to implement its Environmental, Social, and
Governance (“ESG”) commitments. Throughout 2022, the Group prioritized
E S G-s p e c i f i c m e t r i c s, i n c l u d i n g D i v e r s i t y, E q u i t y, a n d I n c l u s i o n; c a r b o n
neutralization; and natural resources. Additionally, the Group set a goal to achieve
Net Zero in all of its operations by 2050 and aims to reduce waste intensity by
10% between 2022 and 2027. The Group’s ESG performance was recognized by the
world’s leading ESG rating agencies and institutional investors, as demonstrated by
the various awards the Group received during the year.

On behalf of the Board and the Group’s management team, we would like to
convey our sincere appreciation to our cherished clients, partners and shareholders
for the support throughout the years. Your confidence in us serves as a perpetual
motivation to endeavor towards perfection. We are also proud of, and grateful
to, our more than 12,000 dedicated employees worldwide for your continued
commitment and tremendous work.

As we look ahead to 2023, we remain steadfast in our pursuit of expanding the
boundaries to become the most comprehensive biologics CRDMO platform. We
are committed to creating greater value for our shareholders and fulfilling our
commitment to enable our clients and partners by accelerating and transforming
the discovery, development and manufacturing of biologics to benefit patients
worldwide.




Dr. Ge Li                                                    Dr. Zhisheng Chen
Chairman                                                     CEO
March 22, 2023                                               March 22, 2023

                                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022             5
    Financial Highlights



                                                       For the year ended December 31,
                                             2018         2019         2020         2021        2022
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

    Operating results
    Revenue                               2,534,453    3,983,687    5,612,384   10,290,050 15,268,660
    Gross profit                          1,017,755    1,658,829    2,532,966    4,828,897 6,724,014
    Profit before tax                       737,722    1,126,633    1,965,760    3,993,119 5,357,771
    Net profit                              630,465    1,010,337    1,692,694    3,508,581 4,549,906
    Profit attributable to owners of
       the Company                         630,592     1,013,805    1,688,886    3,388,478   4,420,286
    Adjusted net profit(1)                 751,557     1,201,449    1,715,838    3,435,908   5,053,941
    Adjusted net profit attributable to
       owners of the Company               751,684     1,204,917    1,721,990    3,316,388   4,925,313

    Profitability
    Gross margin (%)                         40.2%        41.6%        45.1%        46.9%       44.0%
    Net profit margin (%)                    24.9%        25.4%        30.2%        34.1%       29.8%
    Margin of adjusted net profit (%)        29.7%        30.2%        30.6%        33.4%       33.1%
    Margin of net profit attributable
      to owners of the Company (%)           24.9%        25.4%        30.1%        32.9%       29.0%


                                                             As at December 31,
                                             2018         2019         2020         2021        2022
                                           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

    Financial position
    Total assets                          9,393,150   17,602,269   28,963,613   44,032,623 49,564,385
    Total liabilities                     1,398,922    4,706,169    8,064,217   11,326,457 13,351,308
    Total equity                          7,994,228   12,896,100   20,899,396   32,706,166 36,213,077
    Equity attributable to owners of
       the Company                        7,993,755   12,784,363   20,564,445   32,278,593 35,047,407
    Bank balances and cash                4,084,395    6,205,496    7,095,735    9,003,280 6,395,222

    (1)   Details are set out in “Non-IFRS Measures” on pages from 42 to 44.




6   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS REVIEW

CRDMO Platform — Overall Performance

Following more than a decade of sustained investment and development, the
Group has established itself as a distinguished end-to-end biologics CRDMO,
offering integrated one-stop services that enable its clients and partners to
develop their biologics from conception to commercial manufacturing.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s unique CRDMO business model continued
to fuel robust and sustained growth, guided by its “Follow and Win the Molecule”
strategies, particularly in the non-COVID sector. Leveraging our fully integrated
end-to-end CRDMO platform, global footprint and robust supply chain network, the
Group has once again demonstrated exceptional resilience and delivered
outstanding results as outlined below.

•   The total number of integrated projects increased by 22.5% from 480 as at the
    same time last year to 588 as at December 31, 2022, including close to 550
    non-COVID integrated projects, demonstrating the Group’s strong sustainable
    business growth even without COVID-19 projects.

•   The total number of pre-clinical projects increased by 11.9% from 268 as at the
    same time last year to 300 as at December 31, 2022.

•   The total number of early-phase (phases I and II) projects increased by 36.8%
    from 171 as at the same time last year to 234 (166 in phase I and 68 in phase
    II) as at December 31, 2022.

•   The number of late-phase (phase III) projects and commercial manufacturing
    projects increased by 31.7% from 41 as at the same time last year to 54 (37 in
    late-phase and 17 in commercial manufacturing) as at December 31, 2022.

•   The Group also achieved great success in progressing projects from pre-IND
    stage to post-IND stage: 70 projects progressed from pre-clinical development
    stage to early-phase stage during the Reporting Period.

•   The Group’s effective execution of the “Win-the-Molecule” strategy further
    brought 11 external projects into the pipeline, including 5 late-phase and
    commercial manufacturing projects.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis



    The following table sets forth the status of the on-going integrated projects of the
    Group as at December 31, 2022:

                                                      Number of
                                                       On-Going
                                                      Integrated       Typical    Typical Service
    Biologics Development Process Stage                Projects(1)    Duration         Revenue(2)

    Pre-IND
    — Drug discovery                                           —        2 years    US$1.5–2.5 mm
    — Pre-clinical development                                300     1–2 years       US$5–8 mm

    Post-IND
    — Early-phase (phases I & II) clinical
            development:                                      234       3 years       US$4–6 mm
          — Phase I clinical development                      166
          — Phase II clinical development                      68
    — Late-phase (phase III) clinical development              37     3–5 years     US$20–50 mm
    — Commercial manufacturing(3)                              17      Annually   US$50–100 mm(4)

    Total                                                    588

    Notes:

    (1)     Integrated projects are projects that require the Group to provide services across
            different divisions/departments within the Group and across various stages of the
            biologics development process.

    (2)     Milestone fees can be paid at different research and development (“R&D”) stages,
            while royalty fees will be charged for 5–10 years or until the patent expires once the
            new drug launches in the market.

    (3)     The commercial manufacturing projects refer to the projects approved by regulatory
            authorities and signed CMO contracts with the Group.

    (4)     Estimated value when biologic drug reaches its peak sales. A biologic drug typically
            reaches its peak sales after a ramp-up period.




8   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 48.4%
year-on-year to RMB15,268.7 million, together with a 39.2% year-on-year growth in
gross profit to RMB6,724.0 million and 48.5% year-on-year increase in adjusted net
profit attributable to owners of the Company to RMB4,925.3 million. In particular,
the Group’s non-COVID revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 achieved a
62.8% year-on-year growth with strong sustained momentum. The Group’s total
backlog, including the service backlog and upcoming potential milestone fees, also
increased by 51.3% from US$13,597 million as of December 31, 2021 to US$20,571
million as of December 31, 2022, of which service backlog increased by 70.4% from
US$7,946 million to US$13,538 million and upcoming potential milestone fees
increased 24.4% from US$5,651 million to US$7,032 million. The Group’s total
backlog within three years also increased by 25.3% from US$2,890 million as of
December 31, 2021 to US$3,621 million as of December 31, 2022. The service
backlog represents the revenue amount the Group has contracted but has yet to
perform. The total upcoming potential milestone fees represent the total amount
for upcoming milestone fees, which the Group has contracted but has not yet
performed nor received. This milestone revenue may take longer to receive at the
various development stages as it depends on the success rate and progress of the
projects which may not be within the Group’s control.

During the Reporting Period, the Group further diversified its customer base by
working with all top 20 pharmaceutical companies in the world and 45 of the 50
largest pharmaceutical companies in China. The Group provided services to 599
clients for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with over 470 clients for
the same period last year. The Group believes that continuous improvement of its
capabilities and capacity, combined with unwavering collaboration and
commitment to its clients and partners, will strengthen its value chain, enabling
the Group to consistently seize opportunities in this expanding market.

Overcoming External Challenges and Unlocking CRDMO Potential

The year 2022 commenced with unexpected external challenges, including the
COVID-19 outbreak in Shanghai. Despite a brief disruption in operations, the Group
successfully executed its business continuity plan and operational efficiency
improvement programs to minimize the impact of external challenges on project
deliverables and overall business. Our ability to achieve a 100% success rate on
critical projects despite limited staffing is a credit to our devoted employees and
management team, especially the 600 employees who remained on campus during
this time. Meanwhile, years of buildup in our optimized global supply chain
capabilities also paid off with no material shortages and no substantial
interruption in either domestic or international logistics. The Group’s perseverance
through external challenges was further evidenced by the fact that no clients or
projects were lost due to the outbreak, as its commitment to its clients and
partners.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Furthermore, during the Reporting Period, both of the Group’s subsidiaries were
     removed from the Unverified List (“UVL”) following successful completion of the
     on-site end-use check visit by the U.S. Commerce Department. The removal from
     the UVL once again validated the Group’s commitment to operate with the highest
     standard of compliance and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

     While successfully overcoming external challenges, the Group also celebrated
     various landmark achievements for its unique CRDMO platform in 2022.
     Commencing with research (R) services, the Group accelerated to extend
     partnerships and enable partners to chart a new course for the next generation of
     biologics, including the license agreement with GSK plc (LSE/NYSE: GSK) on
     multiple novel bi- & multi-specific T cell engagers (“TCEs”) antibodies developed
     using the Group’s proprietary technology platforms. Progressing to development
     (D) services, the Group consistently earned the confidence of our clients and
     partners by providing cutting-edge development technology, seasoned project
     teams, unparalleled speed and execution, and ensuring a continuous growth of
     pipeline. Finally, in manufacturing (M) services, the Group offered its clients and
     partners a seamless, end-to-end service experience — from discovery and
     development to manufacturing — bolstered by a robust international quality
     standard system and a diverse global footprint with expanded capacity and
     capabilities. Please refer to the section headed “Strategic Highlights” for additional
     information. All these accomplishments have laid a solid foundation for the Group
     to fulfill its mission of enabling anyone and any company to discover, develop and
     manufacture biologics from concept to commercial manufacturing in a cost-
     effective and time-sensitive manner.




10   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Strategic Highlights

Propelled by its well-established “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies, the
Group has consistently embraced the shifting landscape of the global biologics
industry and sustained its leading position in technology. With excellent execution,
best timeline and innovative technology, the Group accomplished the following
strategic milestones during the Reporting Period:

•   The Group announced a 10-year US$1.4 billion investment plan to establish a
    cutting-edge, fully integrated CRDMO center expanding its research,
    development, and large-scale drug substance (“DS”) and drug product (“DP”)
    manufacturing capacity and capabilities in Singapore with 120,000L
    biomanufacturing capacity by 2026. This investment will strengthen the
    Group’s global research, development and manufacturing network with more
    robust nodes to meet the growing demand from clients worldwide for end-to-
    end services, and continue to enable its “Global Dual Sourcing” strategy.

•   The Group has received the first GMP certificate from HPRA for its Ireland site
    only nine months after the operation of the site, demonstrating “WuXi
    Biologics Quality” and “WuXi Biologics Speed”. This is the first Manufacturer’s/
    Importation Authorisation (“MIA”) and Investigational Medicinal Product
    (“IMP”) license, further supporting the Ireland site to deliver commercial
    biologics for its global clients towards promising treatments for patients.

•   The Group has been named a winner of the 2022 “CMO Leadership Awards”
    for the fifth year in a row. The Group is proud to receive this distinction in all
    six award categories (i.e., capabilities, compatibility, expertise, reliability,
    quality and service). On top of this CMO award, the Group received additional
    recognition as the CHAMPION in its Capabilities category, applauding for the
    Group’s state-of-the-art facilities and robust manufacturing capabilities which
    outperformed the industry standard.

•   Both subsidiaries of the Company, WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd. and WuXi Biologics
    (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., have been successfully removed from the UVL,
    demonstrating our strong commitment to operate with the highest standard of
    compliance and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

•   The Group’s industry-leading vaccines CRDMO subsidiary, WuXi Vaccines,
    received the GMP certificate from HPRA for its quality control (“QC”) potency
    lab in Dundalk, Ireland, which marked a critical step for WuXi Vaccines to
    enable the manufacturing of commercial vaccine products in its Dundalk
    facility to supply the global market for a major pharmaceutical company.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     •    The Group marked another productive year in terms of capacity expansion,
          encompassing, among others, the launch of a comprehensive biologics CRDMO
          center and a new biosafety testing center in Shanghai, a state-of-the-art DS
          manufacturing facility in Hebei, the Group’s first Europe site in Dundalk,
          Ireland, the Group’s first North American facility in New Jersey, U.S., and its
          first commercial DP facility for pre-filled syringes at its Wuxi site. Moreover,
          the Group has accomplished the seamless integration of DS and DP facilities
          acquired from Bayer in Wuppertal and Leverkusen, Germany; Pfizer China in
          Hangzhou, China; and CMAB in Suzhou, China, thereby enhancing its
          worldwide production network and strengthening our commitment to our
          clients and partners under the “Global Dual Sourcing” strategy. Please refer to
          the sections headed “CRDMO Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and
          Capacity — Manufacturing” and “Capacity Expansion” for additional
          information.

     •    The Group’s workforce has surged to 12,373, among which a considerable size
          of 4,372 scientists are devoted to biologics research and development. The
          Group’s international hiring has been fruitful. Talent retention remains robust,
          with a key retention rate of 95% that surpasses the industry average.

     CRDMO Platform — Discovery and Development Capabilities and Capacity

     Discovery Research and Development (“R&D”)

     The Group’s discovery arm, the “R” in CRDMO, boasts an elite team of
     approximately 400 scientists, many of whom possess extensive biologics discovery
     experience at multinational pharmaceutical firms and renowned research
     institutions. It provides a comprehensive and streamlined suite of solutions for
     biologic discovery, ranging from concept to IND, that seamlessly transits to CMC
     and downstream process development, and continuously focused on:

     •    enhancing innovative biologics generation capabilities and optimizing several
          existing technological platforms, including traditional hybridoma technology,
          phage display technology (naïve, immune and fully synthetic), yeast display
          technology (Fab and fully length), OMT fully human antibody discovery platform,
          premium humanization, Fc effector and half-life engineering, and various
          antibody optimization platforms (including PTM removal, pH sensitivity
          engineering and disease microenvironment modulating engineering), bispecifics,
          multispecifics, nanobodies, modified cytokines, fusion proteins, and antibody
          fragments to expedite the discovery of novel therapeutic biologics; establishing
          and improving single B cell cloning technique to dramatically accelerate the
          discovery of lead antibodies, and applying digitalization technology to assist
          antibody lead identification and optimization; the timeline from target to
          preclinical candidate compounds (“PCC”) was shortened to six months at certain
          scenarios;




12   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



•   supporting the Group’s global partners in using the proprietary bispecific and
    multispecific antibody platforms, including WuXiBody ® and SDArBodY ® ,
    enabling them to considerably accelerate the development process of new
    bispecific and multi-functional biologics;

•   building strong capabilities in selecting new targets such as tumor associated
    antigens (“TAA”) using patient-centric big data driven omics approach, and
    making antibodies for TAAs to enable discovery of quality Antibody-drug
    Conjugates, immune cell engagers and other targeted therapies;

•   enhancing the Group’s in vitro and in vivo biology capabilities and capacity to
    further enhance our one-stop and modular service offering and to enable the
    screening, identification and characterization of desired biologics as drug
    development candidates;

•   establishing in silico screening method, and a set of assays that can help to
    assess the potential development risk of a molecule and protein engineering
    when needed for improvement, a critical step that can significantly reduce the
    CMC and clinical development risk and shorten development timeline;

•   continuously identifying and prioritizing new areas of biologic innovation and
    developing proprietary technologies to enable the Group’s clients to discover
    and develop highly differentiated novel biologic drugs, such as conditionally
    activated biologics;

•   continuously enhancing R&D capabilities in the design and discovery of best-
    in-class and first-in-class PCC molecules driven by deep understanding of
    disease biology and target biology and mastery of leading biologics
    engineering technologies;

•   further expanding our service from PCC to pre-clinical development for IND-
    enabling by providing integrated rapid pre-clinical development services to
    multiple clients’ SARS-CoV-2 neutralization antibody projects; and

•   refining systems and structuring teams for more efficient business operations
    and optimized cost control to ensure the provision of quality and efficient
    technical solutions for clients.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Technology Platforms

     The Group is devoted to providing a full range of CRDMO services through its
     industry-leading and globally accessible proprietary technology platforms. These
     platforms serve as the cornerstone of the Group’s CRDMO business model, driving
     milestones and royalty revenues, and fueling the growth of its biologics pipeline
     through the implementation of the “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies.

     Antibody-Drug Conjugates

     Antibody-drug Conjugates (“ADC”) is a new class of highly potent biologics
     composed of an antibody linked, via a chemical linker, to a biologically active drug
     or cytotoxic compound. ADCs demonstrate greater effectiveness, less off-target
     toxicity, and a wider therapeutic range compared to traditional chemotherapy and
     monoclonal antibodies (“mAbs”). This new therapeutic modality has been making
     significant progress in the treatment of tumors, and its popularity is evident by the
     around ten ADCs that have been approved by the U.S. FDA since 2019, more than
     ever before.

     The growing popularity of ADCs has led to a surge in demand for development and
     manufacturing services in this area, creating a significant opportunity for the
     Group to leverage its expertise and bring value to its clients and partners. As a
     leading biologics CRDMO, the Group possesses extensive experience in utilizing
     various antibodies and other biological molecules, linkers, payload chemistries, and
     combinations. This has equipped the Group with the ability to develop strategies
     that meet the specific needs of its partners in terms of ADC development and
     manufacturing. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had secured 94
     ADC integrated projects globally with 40 IND submissions.




14   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
      Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group’s subsidiary, WuXi XDC, provides a dedicated, comprehensive, and full-
spectrum set of in-house capabilities for developing ADC and bioconjugates. WuXi
XDC has developed DAR4 technology that can control drug-to-antibody ratio
(“DAR”) at approximately 4, significantly reducing the heterogeneity of ADC
molecules and thereby reducing the CMC development complexity of ADC
molecules. Its facilities — offering services from antibody discovery to conjugation
research, to full CMC development and all the way to commercial manufacturing
— are all located within close proximity to enable global ADC innovators to move
their assets forward in a high quality, cost-effective and timely manner.

The Group’s ADC manufacturing facility, located in Wuxi city, Jiangsu Province,
encompasses nearly 26,000 square meters (approximately 280,000 square foot)
and provides integrated solutions such as formulation development, technology
transfer, and pilot scale to large-scale cGMP production for ADCs and other
complex protein conjugates. This state-of-the-art facility, which strictly complies
w i t h g l o b a l q u a l i t y s t a n d a r d s, h o u s e s a n a d v a n c e d, f u l l y-i s o l a t e d a n d
automatically aseptic filling system, which can produce 2/6/10/20/50ml liquid and
lyophilized products and provides the flexibility to meet production requirements
of global clinical trials and product launches. The Group is also building the second
ADC facility including dual manufacturing functions of mAb and DS, fill/finish, and
packaging with target GMP release date soon. This will further double ADC DS and
DP manufacturing capacity to meet the needs of multiple late-stage ADC
development and manufacturing projects.




Bispecific and Multispecific Antibodies

The advent of multispecific biologics, particularly bispecific and multispecific
antibodies, marks a turning point in biopharmaceutical innovation. Despite their
tremendous potential, the numerous obstacles related to protein engineering,
biology, product stability, and manufacturing have hindered the extensive
development of bispecific and multispecific antibodies.




                                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022          15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Drawing upon its extensive expertise in the development of antibodies and its top
     team of scientists, the Group has developed more than 10 different formats and
     released over 30 relevant papers, with 99 bispecific projects currently underway.
     The Group also offered its industry leading proprietary bispecific antibody platform
     WuXiBody ® to enable global bispecific biologics innovation, which allows valency
     flexibility and permits the easy joining of almost any mAb pair to build a bispecific
     antibody. WuXiBody ® also offers many other benefits, including high yield, high
     solubility, good stability in serum and increased in vivo half-life, amongst others.
     WuXiBody ® continues to gain worldwide recognition, with 39 out-licensed projects
     by the end of the Reporting Period.




     In addition to the widely recognized WuXiBody ® platform, leveraging our leading
     technical capability of Variable Domain of Heavy-chain Antibodies (“VHH”)
     libraries, advanced VHH immunization, VHH affinity maturation and humanization
     platforms and the deep understanding of disease and target biology, the Group
     has also developed the sophisticated VHH-based SDArBodY ® (Single-Domain
     Antibody-related Multispecific Antibody) platform, providing our clients and
     partners with multi-functional therapeutic capabilities. SDArBodY ® has been
     applied extensively across a range of projects. Moreover, the Group has harnessed
     its Immune Cell Engager (“ICE”) platform to devise TCE. Through various research
     collaborations and licensing agreements, the Group has enabled diverse clients
     and partners, including multiple-national major pharmaceutical companies, to
     explore the potential of TCE antibodies as preeminent or pioneering treatments for
     tumors.




     Vaccines Platform

     The Group’s vaccine endeavors have been continuously thriving since 2018 through
     WuXi Vaccines, its subsidiary that provides end-to-end vaccine CRDMO services. Its
     robust global supply chain enables its clients to commence vaccine initiatives
     within a mere four weeks and facilitates the distribution of vaccines from the
     Group’s facilities to the desired global locations of its clients.




16   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Period, the Group furnished vaccine CRDMO services that
encompassed a broad array of technical platforms, such as Chinese Hamster
Ovary (“CHO”), viral, microbial, and mRNA (messenger RNA), including the first
iCMC (integrated CMC) mRNA project, the first U.S. late-stage project based on
CHO platform, the first China commercial project, and the first consulting service
to support the client to mitigate WHO PQ (Pre-qualification) observations and
prepare for GMP inspection by national regulatory authority. Alongside the
partnership manufacturing agreement with one global vaccine leader for an initial
term of 20 years and a total contract value over US$3 billion, new agreements
with one global vaccine leader and one Big Pharma were entered into for late-
phase development and manufacturing. Furthermore, the new collaborations are
expected to facilitate partners’ access to the global market and aid in supplying
GAVI (Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization) nations. The Group has also
armed its clients with the capability to confront the pandemic through the
development of three diverse modalities of COVID-19 vaccines, yielding hundreds
of millions of doses readily available for supply.

The Group’s state-of-the-art vaccine facility in Ireland has made significant
contributions to these endeavors, with its modular laboratory in operation and
generating revenue. The facility won the title of “Large Pharma Project of the
Year” at Ireland’s 2020 Pharma Industry Awards. The main facility achieved
“weather-tight” status in early 2021, and received the GMP certificate from HPRA
for its QC potency lab and celebrated mechanical completion during the Reporting
Period. In November 2022, WuXi Vaccines embraced its domestic vaccine facility in
Suzhou, China. The acquisition and transition of the Suzhou facility was
consummated in December of the same year, with GMP production expect to
commence in 2023.




During the Reporting Period, WuXi Vaccines has made significant strides in forging
new business partnerships, with a 57.1% year-on-year increase in project numbers
to 44, including 20 integrated projects, attesting to WuXi Vaccines’ premium
technical and quality strengths, CMC and regulatory capabilities and growing
reputation in the industry.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Technology Platforms for Biologics Development

     In addition to the previously listed industry-leading technological platforms, the
     Group’s CRDMO platform also furnishes an array of cutting-edge biologics
     development gears. In particular, with its mission of “Turning Ideas into Life-
     Improving Biologics and Vaccines”, the Group’s industry-leading biologics
     development team, being capable of enabling 150 INDs and 12 Biologics License
     Applications (“BLAs”) a year, successfully innovated and updated various
     technologies to expedite global biologics development and manufacturing.

     WuXia ®, the Group’s proprietary CHO cell line development platform, enables 150
     integrated CMC projects per year, one of the largest capacities in the world. The
     WuXia® platform utilizes our proprietary codon optimization program which is
     developed based on the codon and codon-pair usage frequencies of our own host
     cell lines. Coupled with proprietary expression vector system, top clones with high
     expression levels and desired quality attributes can be obtained and utilized for
     process development and cell banking within only 9–10 weeks. Combined with the
     Group’s EU EMA, China NMPA and Japan PMDA certified cGMP cell banking and
     cell line characterization services, the WuXia ® platform is ideal for the production
     of a variety of therapeutic proteins including mAbs, bispecific and multispecific
     antibodies, fusion proteins and other recombinant proteins.




     WuXiUP™, the Group’s proprietary continuous manufacturing platform, utilizes
     1,000–2,000L disposable bioreactors to achieve comparable productivity as a
     traditional 10,000–20,000L stainless steel bioreactor while still providing similar or
     even better purification yield. The WuXiUP™ platform accelerates biologics
     development and manufacturing, and significantly reduces manufacturing costs of
     biologics. Coupled with continuous product capture column chromatography, the
     WuXiUP™ platform enables continuous direct product capture with a similar or
     better purification yield as traditional purification processes for almost any kind of
     biologics, including mAbs, bispecific antibodies, fusion proteins and recombinant
     proteins such as enzymes. WuXiUP™ has been implemented in more than 56
     projects; among them more than 19 projects accomplished process scale-up,
     clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing and two projects received
     BLA approval.




18   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



CRDMO Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacity

Manufacturing

Since the banner year of 2021, the Group has continued its business momentum in
late-stage and commercial manufacturing projects, contributing to considerable
revenue growth. During the Reporting Period, the Group utilized its manufacturing
capacity efficiently to yield hundreds of projects on time, all while building up
capacity and capabilities across the global network.

DS Manufacturing

The Group operates several of the industry’s leading biologics cGMP manufacturing
facilities that exclusively employ single-use bioreactors in scales extending from
200L to 4,000L. The Group’s capacity had reached 262,000L at the end of the
Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the DS manufacturing delivered
substantial amount of neutralizing antibodies for both COVID and non-COVID
therapies. The Group’s main operational DS manufacturing capacity includes:


    Facility                               Highlights

 MFG1            •   The first biologics manufacturing facility in China approved
                     by the U.S. FDA, the EU EMA, Singapore HSA and China
                     NMPA
                 •   Successfully completed four process performance
                     qualification (“PPQ”) projects during the Reporting Period

 MFG2            •   Offer a highly flexible manufacturing facility and
                     competitive cost structure through combination of multiple
                     2,000L-capacity and 1,000L-capacity disposable bioreactors
                 •   Received GMP accreditation from various regulatory
                     agencies, including China NMPA, U.S. FDA, Japan PMDA,
                     Canada HC, Italy AIFA and Korea MFDS
                 •   Fully utilized by commercial products and post-PPQ products,
                     producing substantial amount of neutralized antibody for
                     COVID-19 during the Reporting Period

 MFG3            •   With MFG3, Shanghai site offers complete one-stop biologics
                     development and manufacturing services in one central
                     location
                 •   Enable the Group’s clients to reach their clinical
                     manufacturing goals within the shortest time possible
                 •   Despite Shanghai pandemic outbreak, substantial batches
                     successfully completed during the Reporting Period




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



          Facility                                     Highlights

      MFG4                •   Successfully completed the first 4,000L DS GMP production
                              in 2020, which was a significant breakthrough in the
                              biologics industry for the first time using the 4,000L single-
                              use bioreactor in Asia
                          •   Approved by ANVISA and EU EMA during the Reporting
                              Period
                          •   Successfully completed one PPQ project during the Reporting
                              Period

      MFG5                •   World’s largest single-use bioreactor-based cGMP biologics
                              facility with two complete production lines in one single
                              building
                          •   Approved by EU EMA and U.S. FDA during the Reporting
                              Period
                          •   Four projects successfully completed PPQ in the 2,000L and
                              4,000L line during the Reporting Period

      MFG6/7              •   Successfully completed commissioning, qualification and
                              validation (“CQV”) and GMP release of phase 1 during the
                              Reporting Period
                          •   Received GMP certificate from HPRA for QC potency lab
                              during the Reporting Period

      MFG8                •   With 48,000L manufacturing capacity, enhancing the
                              Group’s capabilities and capacity of providing commercial
                              manufacturing at 4,000L to 20,000L scale
                          •   GMP released and successfully completed one GMP
                              production batch during the Reporting Period
                          •   Showcase of best practices for the “Factory of the Future”

      MFG13               •   Part of the Group’s microbial and viral platform (“MVP”)
                              business unit in Hangzhou, China
                          •   With MFG13, MVP offers one-stop end-to-end services from
                              sequence to DS GMP manufacturing and quality control
                              release for viral and mRNA based products

      MFG14               •   Part of the Group’s MVP business unit in Hangzhou, China
                          •   With MFG14, MVP offers one-stop services of integrated
                              CMC package based on microbial expression systems
                          •   Substantial batches successfully completed for various
                              modalities spanning recombinant protein, virus like particle,
                              enzyme, and plasmid DNA, during the Reporting Period




20   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
  Management Discussion and Analysis



  Facility                              Highlights

MFG18        •   First clinical manufacturing facility in U.S., offering 150,000
                 square foot cGMP clinical manufacturing space with full
                 process development capability and clinical DS and DP cGMP
                 manufacturing capability
             •   GMP released during the Reporting Period with an initial
                 capacity of 4,000L utilizing single-use technology, which will
                 grow to 6,000L

MFG20        •   Acquired from Pfizer China in Hangzhou, expanded to 8,000L
                 capacity during the Reporting Period
             •   Finished one PPQ project during the Reporting Period
             •   Efficiently utilized by post-PPQ and late-stage products,
                 producing substantial amount of neutralized antibody during
                 the Reporting Period

MFG21        •   GMP certificated facility in Suzhou acquired in 2021
             •   Substantial batches successfully completed during the
                 Reporting Period
             •   Only took one year to upgrade this facility from local CDMO
                 to global CRDMO, demonstrating the acquisition integration
                 capability, strong resilience and powerful execution of the
                 Group




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     DP Manufacturing

     Over the course of more than a decade of development, the Group has built up
     and expanded its industry-leading DP development and manufacturing capacity
     and capabilities to replicate its success in DS development and manufacturing.
     With state-of-the-art facilities and leading technologies, including integrated high
     throughput and automation instruments, pioneering lyophilization technologies,
     a n d a d v a n c e d p r o c e s s d e v e l o p m e n t c a p a b i l i t i e s, t h e G r o u p’s o n e-s t o p
     comprehensive DP capabilities and capacity grew the spectrum of services offered
     to the biologics industry, boosting the Group’s revenue stream. As of the end of
     the Reporting Period, the Group had established a global manufacturing network
     with nine DP facilities in China and Germany. During the Reporting Period, the
     Group witnessed sustainable growth of DP projects and clients and completed over
     200 batches of PPQ and post PPQ runs with 100% success rate.

     In addition, a new Drug Product Packaging Center (“DPPC”) which includes the
     Group’s first fully automated vial packaging line, was GMP released in end of 2021.
     Leveraging new technologies, including anti-forgery drug tracking as well as
     automatic intelligent labeling and packaging, DPPC will not only provide
     customized end-to-end manufacturing services for clients, but also accelerate the
     process of high-volume clinical and commercial projects. DPPC completed close to
     100 batches packaging and labelling for multiple commercial projects during the
     Reporting Period.

     Manufacturing Support

     The Group’s assembly center (“AC”) provides “faster, better and more reliable
     customized single-use solutions” for the Group’s sites worldwide. It also helped the
     oversea sites to startup, especially for our facility in the U.S. with a delivery within
     less than 50 days during the pandemic.

     The Group’s Manufacturing Science and Technology (“MSAT”) team is responsible
     f o r D S a n d D P l a t e-p h a s e a n d c o m m e r c i a l m a n u f a c t u r i n g s u p p o r t a n d
     troubleshooting. During the Reporting Period, this team expanded its capabilities in
     leading the risk assessment of new product introduction, technology transfer and
     process verification, facility fit, and change control of late-phase and commercial
     products; PPQ preparation, implementation and reporting for post-clinical projects;
     and continuous process validation (“CPV”) for commercial products. Currently it is
     handling the PPQ for more than 30 late-phase projects and supporting the
     production of commercial products.




22   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Biosafety Testing

The Group’s biosafety testing facility in Suzhou significantly shortens the
turnaround times for all biosafety tests and viral clearance validation studies
conducted for the Group’s clients. The biosafety Suzhou site has received two EU
EMA GMP certificates, which further validates the Group’s commitment to
delivering high-quality services to its global clients and partners. During the
Reporting Period, the Group launched a new 8,000 square meter (approximately
86,000 square foot) biosafety testing facility in Lingang, Shanghai, with the aim of
expanding existing capacity and expediting the high-quality testing service for our
clients.

The Group actively builds up its biosafety testing capabilities by developing tests
and methods for various biologics products including gene therapy products, as
well as expanding its cell bank characterization test panels to include other
species (such as the HEK293 cell line) commonly used in the production of
biologics and vaccines. The commercial products testing service remains favorable,
which has supported and enabled the majority of new biologics drugs in China
market.

In response to the COVID-19 challenges of early 2022, the Group’s well-prepared
biosafety Suzhou site not only delivered all projects on time but also managed to
keep the business growing by proactively and effectively implementing its
business continuity plan. In particular, the site’s viral clearance study team made
tremendous efforts to expand its capabilities in providing remote services, which
were widely recognized by global clients and partners.

Quality

The Group’s quality department, which includes quality assurance, quality control,
global quality compliance, regulatory affair and training center functions, is
committed to the highest standard of regulatory compliance while providing high-
quality services and products that meet client needs.

With its world-class quality system, the Group has completed 27 regulatory
inspections conducted by U.S. FDA, EU EMA, China NMPA and other national
regulatory agencies since 2017 with no critical issues and zero data integrity
finding, which distinguishes the Group as the first and only biologics company
certified by these regulatory agencies for commercial manufacturing in China. The
Group has completed more than 900 GMP audits from global clients, and more
than 70 audits by EU Qualified Person (“EU QP”). The Group believes that these
certificates will help manifest the Group’s premier quality system that meets global
quality standards and thereby benefits patients globally with biologics of better
quality.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Capacity Expansion

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to increase its capacity in
     tandem with the expansion of the industry’s late-stage and commercial production
     projects, while also fulfilling its “Global Dual Sourcing” strategy, thereby addressing
     ever-increasing demand. Through new construction and acquisitions, the total
     planned manufacturing capacity of the Group will reach 580,000L after 2026,
     including the Singapore CRDMO center.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group made achievements to extend its
     manufacturing capacity despite various external challenges, includes:

     •    The Group’s Dundalk, Ireland site (MFG6 and MFG7), its first European site,
          was GMP released for its phase 1 during the Reporting Period and received the
          first GMP certificate from HPRA. The site has initiated the preparation work of
          multiple manufacturing projects. Please refer to the sections headed “CRDMO
          Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacity — Manufacturing” for
          additional information.

     •    To meet increasing demand from the U.S. market, the Group has taken steps
          to establish and grow its capacity there:

          •    During the Reporting Period, the Group made substantial progress on its
               Manufacturing Facility 11 (“MFG11”) in Worcester, Massachusetts, with
               nearly half of the construction work completed. This new 200,000 square
               foot biologics development and production center in the U.S. offering
               another choice within the Group’s global network.

          •    The Group’s Manufacturing Facility 18 (“MFG18”) in Cranbury, New Jersey,
               is its first operational manufacturing facility in the U.S. Please refer to the
               sections headed “CRDMO Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and
               Capacity — Manufacturing” for additional information. The construction of
               DP facility at this site will be initiated soon.

     •    The Group’s new site in the Fengxian district of Shanghai, an integrated
          biologics CRDMO center, has been launched during the Reporting Period. This
          150,000 square meters (approximately 1.6 million square foot) CRDMO center
          provides an entire range of biologics research, development and
          manufacturing services and also offers proprietary technology platforms
          WuXiBody ® and SDArBodY ® for bispecific and multispecific antibodies
          discovery. Once the center is completed and fully operational, it will be able to
          deliver any biologics project with unprecedented speed by leveraging the
          Group’s entire spectrum of services and expertise — from early-discovery to
          commercial manufacturing — all within one site.




24   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



•   The Group’s Manufacturing Facility 8 (“MFG8”) located at Shijiazhuang, the
    capital city of Hebei Province in Northern China, has been released for cGMP
    operation during the Reporting Period. MFG8 enables the Group’s clients and
    partners with a more robust commercial manufacturing network for DS
    s e r v i c e s. P l e a s e r e f e r t o t h e s e c t i o n s h e a d e d “C R D M O P l a t f o r m —
    Manufacturing Capabilities and Capacity — Manufacturing” for additional
    information.

•   The Group also acquired more state-of-the-art facilities to quickly grow its
    ability to serve more clients and partners with its unparalleled integration
    capability, including DS and DP facilities and vaccine facility in Germany and
    China from Bayer, Pfizer China, CMAB and other companies. Please refer to
    the section headed “CRDMO Platform — Manufacturing Capabilities and
    Capacity — Manufacturing” for additional information.




                                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022       25
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     WBS (WuXi Biologics Business System)

     In order to continuously improve efficiency and quality, reduce cost and generate
     value for clients, WBS was introduced in 2021 and implemented in all functions of
     the Group. During the Reporting Period, over 250 Kaizen projects were completed.
     Benefits resulted from these Kaizen projects include:

     •    Material cost-saving and reducing material waste by value analysis and value
          engineering.

     •    Incremental production capacity.

     •    Reduction of inventory level, reducing material impairment, and lowering
          storage and transportation costs by optimizing inventory planning and
          procurement strategies.

     •    Significant improvement of work efficiency through standard work.

     •    Streamlining workflows and elimination of redundant processes.

     •    Reducing lead time for report generation and product release.

     Through these Kaizen projects, the Group expects to save approximately 900,000
     working hours annually. The Group will continue to develop WBS as a management
     system to drive continuous improvement and focus on value to enable our clients
     and partners.

     Sales and Marketing

     During the Reporting Period, the pandemic continued to influence the way the
     Group interacted with its clients and partners, particularly in China, as interactions
     between large groups continued to be primarily virtual events. North America and
     Europe benefitted from many live industry events and in-person industry sales
     engagements which advanced prospect and client relationships. The Group was
     able to participate in many in-person targeted events such as the Protein
     Engineering and Production Talks, PEG Conference, Festival of Biologics and
     Antibody Engineering and Therapeutics Conferences, focusing on our discovery
     services and protein production capabilities. Also of focus were the World ADC
     London and San Diego conferences tailored to the ADC market, and increased
     activities at in-person core bioprocessing events such as the BIO International
     Convention, Boston Biotech Week, Bio-Europe, and selected events in Singapore,
     Japan, and Korea. The Group also used multiple digital marketing and promotional
     strategies to promote our technologies, platforms, and services.




26   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”)

The Group regards ESG as an essential component of business strategy to drive its
long-term success. During the Reporting Period, ESG targets and metrics are
prioritized and monitored in the focused areas, such as Diversity, Equity and
Inclusion (“DEI”), carbon neutralization, natural resource, etc. The Group has set an
goal to achieve Net Zero in all of its operations by 2050, and aim to reduce waste
intensity by 10% by 2027 from 2022. With the combined effort put in by the
multisector taskforces, we ensure alignment of ESG priorities throughout the
organization to strengthen our industry-leading position and enhance future
competitiveness.

The Group will remain fully committed to incorporating ESG into sustainable
corporate growth as a trusted partner and maintaining reporting transparency to
all our stakeholders, and to ultimately serve our goal to benefit the patients
worldwide in a sustainable way. The Group’s ESG performance was recognized by
multiple world’s leading ESG rating agencies and institutional investors. Please also
refer to the section headed “Company Awards” for further information.

Investors Relations

The Group believes that good corporate governance is essential for enhancing the
confidence of shareholders and potential investors. To this end, the Group
endeavors to maintain effective and on-going communication with investors to
enhance the transparency and provide the investors with equal and timely
disclosure of information. The Group has developed a multichannel approach to
ensure that the shareholders and investors can exercise their rights in an informed
manner based on a good understanding of the Group’s key business imperatives.
These communication tools include announcements, press releases, general
meetings, interim and annual reports, investor and analyst briefings, roadshows
and a company-sponsored Investor Day, etc.

The Group encourages shareholders’ active participation in results announcement
meetings, annual and extraordinary general meetings, Investor Day, facility tour
and other roadshows, which have provided opportunities for direct interaction with
the senior management. The Group has also taken more web-based and
digitalized communication methods since the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic;
these live broadcasting and teleconferences have well met the demands of global
investors. During the reporting period, the Group’s first Ireland site and U.S. site
have been put into operation and we have taken several investor visits consisting
of introduction session and facility tour, which has been highly recognized by
investors. To facilitate communication when confronting the unusual share price
volatilities, the Group also hosted teleconferences in a timely manner to ease
global investors’ concerns.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Through the above efforts, within the Reporting Period, the Group has been well
     recognized by the capital market and won several awards during the Reporting
     Period. Please refer to the section headed “Company Awards” for additional
     information.

     Company Awards

     During the Reporting Period, the Company received recognitions and awards for its
     outstanding performance in providing exceptional services to accelerate and
     transform biologics development, as well as its ongoing ESG efforts. Certain honors
     include:

     •    The winner of the 2022 “CMO Leadership Awards” for the fifth year in a row.
          The Group is proud to receive this distinction in all six award categories (i.e.,
          capabilities, compatibility, expertise, reliability, quality and service). On top of
          this CMO award, the Group received additional recognition as the CHAMPION
          in its Capabilities category, applauding for the Company’s state-of-the-art
          facilities and robust manufacturing capabilities which outperformed the
          industry standard.

     •    “Best CDMO Award of the Year” at the Asia-Pacific Biologics CMO Excellence
          Awards (“APBCEA”) 2022 hosted by IMAPAC, a leading consulting firm in
          biopharmaceutical industry, which reflects the trust and confidence our clients
          and partners have in us.

     •    The award for Bioprocessing Excellence in Viral Clearance and Safety in
          Greater China Region at the Asia-Pacific Bioprocessing Excellence Awards
          (“ABEA”) 2022 event from IMAPAC for the second consecutive year, validating
          our commitment to delivering high-quality biosafety testing services for our
          partners as a global CRDMO service provider.

     •    ESG Industry and APAC Regional Top-rated Company by Sustainalytics, a
          global provider of ESG related research, ratings and data. This is the second
          year in a row that the Company has received this recognition.

     •    Bronze Medal by EcoVadis, the world’s most trusted provider of business
          sustainability ratings, for the Group’s sustainability management and
          performance. It recognized the Group’s commitment to reducing its
          environmental impact and promoting sustainable business practices, both
          within the Company and across its community.

     •    2022 “Prime Employers for Women” silver award by sHero, a non-profit
          organization dedicated to the development and growth of women, for the
          Group’s excellent performance in creating greater DEI in the workplace.




28   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



•   Most Honored Company for the fourth consecutive year by Institutional
    Investor, an international financial publication, which affirms the Group’s high-
    performing leadership team, investor relations management, and dedication to
    ESG practices.

•   Runner Up prize in the “Best Contract Manufacturing (CMO) Provider” category
    at the 2022 World ADC Awards at its first nomination for WuXi XDC. The
    World ADC Awards recognize recent ADC successes, long-term commitment to
    the field, and those who have gone above and beyond to ensure continued
    success in bringing more life-changing drugs to patients.

•   “Best Vaccine CMO Award of the Year” at Asia-Pacific Vaccine Excellence
    Awards (“AVEA”) 2022 for WuXi Vaccines, which is a true testimony to WuXi
    Vaccines’ end-to-end solution that enables our partners to bring more vaccine
    products to the market, more efficiently, to advance and benefit global health
    initiatives.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Future Outlook

     In 2022, the world was beset by a host of unprecedented challenges and
     uncertainties, including tepid global economic expansion, the recurrent COVID-19
     waves, geopolitical turbulence, and negative investment sentiments in several
     sectors. However, such challenges did not impede the growth of the biologics
     industry. Investment in the biotech and biopharma industry in the U.S. and Europe
     has been gradually recovering. Additionally, biologics continued to experience
     increasing demand as a result of their indispensable efficacy and specificity in the
     treatment of chronic and complex diseases. It is anticipated that the vigorous R&D
     efforts aimed at developing innovative therapeutics, along with a growing elderly
     population with a heightened need for advanced drugs and treatments will further
     catalyze the growth of the biopharmaceutical industry.

     The booming biopharmaceutical industry has brought significant demand for
     biologics outsourcing services from pharmaceutical and biotechnological
     companies. The increased demand and regulatory approvals of innovative drugs
     and therapeutics, such as monoclonal antibody, bispecific antibodies, ADC, fusion
     proteins, and vaccines etc., have created massive business opportunities for the
     biologics outsourcing industry. Furthermore, owing to the limitations of global
     biologics capacity, biotech and multinational corporations are increasingly inclined
     to pursue outsourcing services. The global biologics outsourcing market is
     estimated to keep growing in the coming several years.

     The Group has consistently delivered impressive and dependable financial results.
     From 2014 to 2022, it recorded a 61.4% CAGR in revenue and a similarly impressive
     79.6% CAGR in adjusted net profit. Of particular note, the Group’s free cash flow
     became positive in 2022, providing a sturdy foundation for its enduring growth.
     During the Reporting Period, confronting various external challenges and
     uncertainties, the Group has honed its technology platforms with speed, quality,
     and resilience, and pushed the boundaries of the impossible with excellent
     e x e c u t i o n, e n s u r i n g t h e s t a b i l i t y o f i t s b u s i n e s s g r o w t h . T h e G r o u p’ s
     implementation of a unique CRDMO business model, paired with leading R&D
     capabilities, unwavering execution, a validated quality system, and an established
     track record, has enabled us to expand our pipeline of non-COVID projects at a
     much faster pace, such as 13 Central Nervous System (“CNS”) programs with
     exciting potentials, which ensures the sustained growth of the Group’s business in
     the future.

     Looking into 2023, the Group will continue to accelerate and transform the
     discovery, development and manufacturing process of biologics globally through
     its open-access integrated CRDMO platforms. The Group will also maintain its
     dedication to adhering to global ESG and compliance standards, bolstering
     operational efficiency through WBS, pursuing new platform growth, promoting
     globalization, embracing digitalization and delivering positive cash flow. By
     steadily enabling the global biologics industry through implementation of the
     “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies, the Group will continuously strengthen
     its core competitiveness in the global biologics market to enable global clients and
     partners and benefit patients worldwide.


30   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
     Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue

The revenue of the Group increased by 48.4% from approximately RMB10,290.1
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB15,268.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. Such increase was primarily attributed to:
(i) the successful execution of the Group’s “Follow and Win the Molecule”
strategies, contributing record number of new integrated projects and gaining
more customers to achieve sustainable high growth; (ii) continued momentum of
the Group’s commercial manufacturing and late-stage businesses since the banner
year of 2021, contributing to significant revenue growth; (iii) unique CRDMO
business model, leading technology platform, best-in-industry timeline and
excellent execution track record contributing to significantly higher revenue,
especially in the non-COVID sector; (iv) enlarged spectrum of services offered to
the biologics industry, including one-stop shop comprehensive drug product
services, fast growing technology platforms such as ADC and Bispecific Antibodies,
which boosted the Group’s revenue stream; (v) the utilization of existing and
newly expanded capacities, as well as the successful integration of acquired
businesses and facilities; and (vi) the implementation of operational efficiency
improvement programs, coupled with successful executions of our business
continuity plan when confronted with COVID challenges, leveraging our
unparalleled integrated end-to-end CRDMO platform, global footprints and robust
supply chain network.

The revenue of the Group has maintained a strong growth during the Reporting
Period. The Group derived a vast majority of its revenue from providing services to
customers headquartered in North America and the PRC. The table below shows
the revenue distribution by countries/regions:

                                            Year ended December 31,
                                       2022                            2021
Revenue                      RMB million               %     RMB million                 %

— North America                   8,496.4         55.6%           5,228.9            50.8%
— PRC                             3,719.0         24.4%           2,510.7            24.4%
— Europe                          2,546.2         16.7%           2,276.3            22.1%
— Rest of the world (Note)          507.1          3.3%             274.2             2.7%

Total                           15,268.7        100.0%           10,290.1          100.0%


Note:  
       Rest of the world primarily includes Singapore, Japan, South Korea, Israel and
       Australia.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     For the year ended December 31, 2022, the pre-IND services revenue of the Group
     increased by 45.8% to approximately RMB4,945.6 million, accounting for 32.4% of
     the total revenue. Early-phase (phases I & II) services revenue of the Group
     increased by 100.1% to approximately RMB3,207.8 million, accounting for 21.0% of
     the total revenue. Furthermore, late-phase (phase III) services and commercial
     manufacturing revenue of the Group increased by 39.0% to approximately
     RMB6,854.3 million, accounting for 44.9% of the total revenue, by implementing its
     “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies.

     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue by pre-IND
     services, early-phase (phases I & II) services, late-phase (phase III) services &
     commercial manufacturing and others for the periods indicated:

                                                        Year ended December 31,
                                                    2022                       2021
                                          RMB million            %   RMB million             %

     Pre-IND services                         4,945.6        32.4%       3,392.0        33.0%
     Early-phase (phases I & II)
       services                               3,207.8        21.0%       1,602.7        15.6%
     Late-phase (phase III)
       services & commercial
       manufacturing                          6,854.3        44.9%       4,930.5        47.9%
     Others (Note)                              261.0         1.7%         364.9         3.5%

     Total                                  15,268.7        100.0%      10,290.1       100.0%


     Note:  
            Others mainly include sales of other biologics products by Bestchrom (Zhejiang)
            Biosciences Co., Ltd. and Bestchrom (Shanghai) Biosciences Co., Ltd., two non-wholly
            owned subsidiaries of the Group. These two companies primarily engage in
            production and sale of biologics purification medium and chromatographic column.

     The top 5 customers’ revenue increased by 25.0% from approximately RMB3,744.2
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB4,680.1 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2022, accounting for 30.7% of total revenue for
     the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 36.4% for the year ended
     December 31, 2021.

     The top 10 customers’ revenue increased by 28.1% from approximately RMB4,867.7
     million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB6,236.6 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2022, accounting for 40.8% of total revenue for
     the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 47.3% for the year ended
     December 31, 2021.




32   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
     Management Discussion and Analysis



Cost of Sales

The cost of sales of the Group increased by 56.5% from approximately RMB5,461.2
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB8,544.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase of the cost of sales was in
line with the Group’s revenue growth.

The cost of sales of the Group consists of direct labor costs, cost of raw materials
and overhead. Direct labor costs primarily consist of salaries, bonuses, social
security costs and share-based compensation for the employees in the Group’s
business units. Cost of raw materials primarily consists of the purchase cost of raw
materials used in the Group’s services rendering and manufacturing. Overhead
primarily consists of depreciation charges of the facilities and equipment in use,
outsourced testing service fees, utilities and maintenance, etc.

Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The gross profit of the Group increased by 39.2% from approximately RMB4,828.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB6,724.0 million
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and with a gross profit margin of 44.0%,
mainly due to: (i) the strong revenue growth; (ii) the Group’s deployment to fully
utilize the existing manufacturing facilities and successful integration of the
acquired facilities; (iii) the Group’s extraordinary efforts to undertake a large
number of new development projects despite of the COVID constraints; and (iv)
the deployment of WBS as the operation DNA to drive operation efficiency
improvement, offsetting the new facility ramp-up impacts.

The Group’s revenue growth exceeded the gross profit growth in the Reporting
Period, primarily due to that the Group has continued to invest in talent acquisition
and retention, capacity expansion and global footprint to assure the long-term
sustainable growth, coupled with the impact of material inflation.

Other Income

The other income of the Group mainly consists of research and other grants,
interest income and dividend income. Other income of the Group increased by
55.4% from approximately RMB196.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021
to approximately RMB305.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
primarily due to: (i) an increase in research and other grants; and (ii) an increase in
interest income as a result of the higher interest rates of return from USD deposits
held by the Group.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Other Gains and Losses

     The other gains and losses of the Group primarily include foreign exchange gains
     or losses, fair value gains or losses on equity investment measured at fair value
     through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), fair value gains or losses on wealth management
     products, etc. The net other gains of the Group increased by 15.2% from
     approximately RMB665.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB766.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily
     due to an increase in foreign exchange gain, as USD and EUR appreciated against
     RMB during the second half of 2022, which was partially offset by the decrease in
     fair value gain on investments measured at FVTPL.

     Impairment Losses Under Expected Credit Loss Model, Net of Reversal

     Impairment losses under Expected Credit Loss (“ECL”) model, net of reversal of the
     Group represent loss allowances on the Group’s financial assets (including trade
     and other receivables and contract assets) (“Impairment Losses”) and increased
     from approximately RMB156.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB258.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, in line
     with the increase of the revenue base. The Group has continuously implemented
     stringent credit controls, including down-payment requirements, due diligence for
     new customers, periodic credit evaluation, etc. The senior management has also
     actively engaged in collection of overdue receivables.

     Selling and Marketing Expenses

     The selling and marketing expenses of the Group increased by 30.7% from
     approximately RMB124.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB162.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly due
     to our continuous efforts in enhancing the Group’s business development
     capability to solidify its leading role in the growing global market. Compared to the
     phenomenal growth, the selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of the
     Group’s revenue decreased to 1.1% for the year ended December 31, 2022, as
     compared to 1.2% for the year ended December 31, 2021.




34   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Administrative Expenses

The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 44.9% from approximately
RMB875.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately
RMB1,269.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, mainly due to the
increases in staff related costs, which was in line with the Group’s expansion and
ramp-up of overseas entities.

Research and Development Expenses

The research and development expenses of the Group increased by 36.1% from
approximately RMB501.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
approximately RMB682.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result
of our continuous investment in innovation and technologies to enhance the
Group’s cutting-edge platforms.

Financing Costs

The financing costs of the Group mainly include interest expense on lease
liabilities, interest expense on bank borrowings and interest expense on financing
component of an advance payment received from a customer. The financing costs
of the Group increased by 64.3% from approximately RMB39.2 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB64.4 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, mainly due to: (i) an increase in interest expense on lease
liabilities, in line with the increment of lease liabilities to support the Group’s
expansion; and (ii) an increase in interest expense on bank borrowings, as a result
of the higher interest rates applied to USD and EUR denominated bank borrowings.

Income Tax Expense

The income tax expense of the Group increased by 66.7% from approximately
RMB484.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to approximately
RMB807.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, in line with the increment
of profit before tax as discussed above. The income tax rate of the Group
increased from 12.1% for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 15.1% for the year
ended December 31, 2022, mainly due to an increase of certain expenses not
deductible for tax purpose during the Reporting Period, such as recognition of fair
value loss on equity investments at FVTPL and accrual of share-based
compensation expense.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   35
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Net Profit and Net Profit Margin

     As a result of the foregoing, the net profit of the Group increased by 29.7% from
     approximately RMB3,508.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB4,549.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The net
     profit margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 29.8%, as
     compared to 34.1% for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net
     profit margin was primarily due to the decrease of gross profit margin and the
     increases in Administrative Expenses, Research and Development Expenses and
     Income Tax Expense.

     The net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 30.5% from
     approximately RMB3,388.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB4,420.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The
     margin of profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased from 32.9%
     for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 29.0 % for the year ended December
     31, 2022, as followed the same set of reasons discussed above.

     Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share

     The basic earnings per share of the Group increased by 30.9% from RMB0.81 for
     the year ended December 31, 2021 to RMB1.06 for the year ended December 31,
     2022. The diluted earnings per share of the Group increased by 31.2% from
     RMB0.77 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to RMB1.01 for the year ended
     December 31, 2022. The increase in the basic and diluted earnings per share was
     primarily due to the increase in the net profit resulting from the strong business
     growth of the Group as discussed above.

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     The balance of the property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by
     33.8% from approximately RMB18,065.5 million as at December 31, 2021 to
     approximately RMB24,170.7 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the
     on-going facility constructions in various sites of the Group over the world.




36   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Right-of-Use Assets

Right-of-use assets mainly include the leasehold lands, leased properties and
leased machineries. The balance of the right-of-use assets of the Group slightly
increased by 3.3% from approximately RMB1,690.3 million as at December 31, 2021
to approximately RMB1,745.3 million as at December 31, 2022.

Goodwill

As at December 31, 2022, goodwill amounted to approximately RMB1,529.9 million
arising from acquisitions of subsidiaries and business in previous years, and kept
consistent with the balance as at December 31, 2021.

Intangible Assets

The intangible assets of the Group mainly include technology and customer
relationship arising from acquisitions, and patent and license held by the Group.
The intangible assets of the Group decreased by 8.6% from approximately
RMB600.7 million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB548.8 million as at
December 31, 2022, mainly due to the amortization during the Reporting Period.

Investment of an Associate Measured at FVTPL

The investment of an associate measured at FVTPL of the Group represents the
equity interest held in Shanghai Duoning Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Duoning”). The
balance of investment in Duoning increased by 110.2% from approximately
RMB752.3 million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB1,581.6 million as
at December 31, 2022, mainly due to the fair value gain recognized on this
investment during the Reporting Period.

Financial Assets at FVTPL (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

The financial assets at FVTPL in the non-current assets of the Group mainly include
investments in listed equity securities and unlisted equity investments. The
balance decreased by 19.9% from approximately RMB1,356.1 million as at
December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB1,086.2 million as at December 31, 2022,
mainly due to the market value of these listed equity securities held by the Group
having declined during the Reporting Period.

The financial assets at FVTPL in the current assets of the Group mainly include
investments in wealth management products purchased from several banks. The
balance increased by 106.5% from approximately RMB975.6 million as at December
31, 2021 to approximately RMB2,014.6 million as at December 31, 2022, as the
Group has invested in principal guaranteed products to assure the safety of funds
and improve the return.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   37
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Inventories

     The inventories of the Group increased by 35.2% from approximately RMB1,687.4
     million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB2,280.9 million as at
     December 31, 2022, mainly due to: (i) increased inventory safety stocks to mitigate
     the supply chain risk under the COVID pandemic; and (ii) increased inventory stock
     held in new sites preparing for upcoming production.

     Contract Costs

     The contract costs (previously called Service Work in Progress) of the Group
     increased by 9.1% from approximately RMB1,005.5 million as at December 31, 2021
     to approximately RMB1,096.5 million as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to the
     increment of on-going projects, in line with the rapid growth of the Group’s
     revenue and business.

     Trade and Other Receivables

     The trade and other receivables of the Group increased by 15.5% from
     approximately RMB4,857.3 million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately
     RMB5,610.4 million as at December 31, 2022, primarily due to the increase in trade
     receivables as in line with the Group’s revenue growth, which was partially offset
     by the decrease in value added tax recoverable.

     Contract Assets

     The contract assets of the Group increased by 272.5% from approximately
     RMB132.5 million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB493.6 million as at
     December 31, 2022, along with the increment of integrated projects and revenue
     growth of the Group.

     Trade and Other Payables

     The trade and other payables of the Group decreased by 11.6% from approximately
     RMB3,697.8 million as at December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB3,269.2 million
     as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to: (i) a decrease in other payables to
     employees arising from exercise of their share options and restricted shares; (ii)
     the settlement of acquisition of WuXi XDC’s payload and linker business, which
     was partially offset by (iii) an increase in salary and bonus payable, which was in
     line with the Group’s workforce expansion; and (iv) the increases in trade payables
     and payable for purchase of property, plant and equipment, which were in line
     with the Group’s business expansion.




38   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
     Management Discussion and Analysis



Contract Liabilities (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

The contract liabilities of the Group mainly include the advance payments received
from the customers. The balance of the contract liabilities in the current liabilities
increased by 94.9% from approximately RMB1,733.8 million as at December 31,
2021 to approximately RMB3,379.4 million as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to
more contracts have been entered into, coupled with the management’s efforts in
stringent requirement of down-payments.

The contract liabilities in the non-current liabilities mainly include an advance
payment received from a vaccine partner under a contract manufacturing
agreement, and the related services will be provided beyond twelve months. The
balance increased by 9.0% from approximately RMB652.6 million as at December
31, 2021 to approximately RMB711.5 million as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to
the receipt of the further installment in year 2022. The balances at the end of
each reporting period consider the financing components and the recognition of
revenue during the related reporting period.

Lease Liabilities (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

The aggregated lease liabilities in the current liabilities and non-current liabilities
of the Group increased by 6.9% from approximately RMB1,532.9 million as at
December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB1,638.7 million as at December 31, 2022,
primarily due to more plants and offices have been leased to support the Group’s
business expansion, especially in Germany and the U.S.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The aggregated balances of bank balances and cash and time deposits of the
Group decreased by 34.0% from approximately RMB10,150.9 million as at
December 31, 2021 to approximately RMB6,699.7 million as at December 31, 2022,
mainly due to the repurchase of Shares of approximately RMB2,804.5 million
during the Reporting Period. The Group achieved a positive free cash flow during
the Reporting Period.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group has reported a cash outflow
for Organic CAPEX spending of approximately RMB5,456.3 million, reconciled by
excluding: i) approximately RMB284.6 million for the purchase of new staff living
quarters and the purchase costs will be passed on to the employees; and ii)
approximately RMB107.4 million for two M&A deals with asset acquisitions during
2022, from the aggregate cash outflows for the purchases of property, plant and
equipment by approximately RMB5,848.3 million. Please refer to note 14
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT to the consolidated financial statements in this
annual report for additional information. With a net cash from operating activities
of approximately RMB5,541.7 million, the Group has then reported a positive free
cash flow by approximately RMB85.4 million. Please refer to “Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows” in this annual report for additional information.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   39
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Treasury Policy

     Currently, the Group follows a set of funding and treasury policies to manage its
     capital resources and prevent risks involved. The Group expects to fund its working
     capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
     including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable
     market rates. In order to better control and minimize the cost of funds, the Group’s
     treasury activities are centralized and all cash transactions are dealt with
     reputable banks.

     The Group’s treasury policies are also designated to mitigate the foreign currency
     risk arising from the Group’s global operations. The cash and cash equivalents held
     by the Group are mainly composed of RMB and USD. Certain Group’s entities have
     foreign currency transactions, including sales and purchases transactions,
     borrowings and repayment, etc., and foreign currencies denominated monetary
     assets and liabilities, which are mainly denominated in USD and EUR. It is the
     Group’s policy to negotiate a series of derivative instruments with different banks
     to hedge the foreign currency risks in the ordinary course of business. The Group
     usually enters into foreign currency forward contracts, collar contracts, forward
     extra contracts, etc., as highly effective hedging instruments.

     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

     As at December 31, 2022, there was no significant investment held by the
     Company, nor were any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
     associates and joint ventures during the Reporting Period.

     Indebtedness

     Borrowings

     The aggregated borrowings of the Group amounted to approximately RMB2,783.0
     million as at December 31, 2022, quite stable as compared to the balance of
     approximately RMB2,762.4 million as at December 31, 2021.

     Of the total borrowings as at December 31, 2022, RMB denominated borrowings
     amounted to approximately RMB66.7 million with the effective interest rate
     around 4.9% per annum; USD denominated borrowings amounted to approximately
     RMB2,089.4 million with the effective interest rates ranging from 1.8% to 5.1% per
     annum; and EUR denominated borrowings amounted to approximately RMB626.9
     million with the effective interest rates ranging from 0.8% to 2.8% per annum,
     respectively.




40   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
    Management Discussion and Analysis



Among all, approximately RMB1,321.4 million will be due within one year;
approximately RMB97.0 million will be due in more than one year but within two
years; approximately RMB1,343.9 million will be due in more than two years but
within five years; and approximately RMB20.7 million will be due after five years.

As at December 31, 2022, RMB denominated borrowings of approximately RMB66.7
million was secured against the Group’s buildings. The remaining borrowings were
unsecured.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

As at December 31, 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities
or guarantees.

Charges of Assets

The Group pledged the bank deposits as collateral for the banks to issue the letter
of credit or guarantee for the Group’s purchase of property, plant and equipment,
the facility construction and bank borrowings. The pledged bank deposits of the
Group decreased by 88.3% from approximately RMB218.0 million as at December
31, 2021 to approximately RMB25.4 million as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to
the withdrawal of bank deposits pledged for the facility construction in Ireland.

Also, as at December 31, 2022, the buildings with carrying amounts of
approximately RMB10.4 million has been pledged for RMB denominated borrowing
of approximately RMB66.7 million in China.

Gearing Ratio

Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings divided by total
equity and multiplied by 100%. Gearing ratio decreased from 8.4% as at December
31, 2021 to 7.7% as at December 31, 2022, mainly due to the increase of reserves,
as a result of net profit reported during the Reporting Period.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   41
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     Non-IFRS Measures

     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented
     in accordance with IFRS, the Company has provided the adjusted net profit,
     adjusted net profit margin, adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the
     Company, margin of adjusted net profit attributable to owners of the Company,
     adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted basic and diluted earnings
     per share as additional financial measures, which are not required by, or
     presented in accordance with IFRS.

     The Group believes that the adjusted financial measures are useful for
     understanding and assessing underlying business performance and operating
     trends, and that the Group’s management and investors may benefit from
     referring to these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial
     performance by eliminating the impact of certain unusual, non-recurring, non-cash
     and/or non-operating items that the Group does not consider indicative of the
     performance of the Group’s core business. These non-IFRS financial measures, as
     the management of the Group believes, is widely accepted and adopted in the
     industry in which the Group is operating in. However, the presentation of these
     non-IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a
     substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with
     IFRS. Shareholders of the Company and potential investors should not view the
     adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or as a substitute for results under IFRS.
     And these non-IFRS financial measures may not be comparable to the
     similarly-titled measures represented by other companies.




42   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
        Management Discussion and Analysis



Additional information is provided below to reconcile adjusted net profit, EBITDA
and adjusted EBITDA.

Adjusted Net Profit

                                                                Year ended December 31,
                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                RMB million       RMB million


Net Profit                                                           4,549.9           3,508.6


Add: share-based compensation expense                                1,234.4             531.9
Less: foreign exchange gain                                           (369.2)               —
Less: gains from equity investments                                   (361.2)           (604.6)


Adjusted Net Profit (Note i)                                         5,053.9           3,435.9
Margin of Adjusted Net Profit                                         33.1%             33.4%
Adjusted Net Profit Attributable to Owners of
  the Company                                                        4,925.3           3,316.4
Margin of Adjusted Net Profit Attributable to
  Owners of the Company                                                32.3%            32.2%

                                                                         RMB              RMB


Adjusted Earnings Per Share
— Basic                                                                  1.18             0.79
— Diluted                                                                1.13             0.75

Note:

i.   In order to better reflect the key performance of the Group’s current business and
     operations, the adjusted net profit is calculated on the basis of net profit, excluding:

     a)   share-based compensation expense, a non-cash expenditure;

     b)   foreign exchange gains or losses, primarily generated from revaluation of the
          assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies and the fair value change
          of derivative financial instruments, which the management believes is irrelevant
          to the Group’s core business; and

     c)   gains or losses from equity investments, a non-operating item.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   43
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                  2022           2021
                                                             RMB million    RMB million

     Net Profit                                                  4,549.9       3,508.6

     Add:     income tax expense                                  807.9          484.5
     		       interest expense                                     64.4           39.2
     		       depreciation                                        874.1          582.3
     		       amortization                                         57.1           47.7

     EBITDA                                                      6,353.4       4,662.3
     EBITDA Margin                                                41.6%         45.3%

     Add:     share-based compensation expense                   1,234.4         531.9
     Less:    foreign exchange gain                               (369.2)           —
     Less:    gains from equity investments                       (361.2)       (604.6)

     Adjusted EBITDA                                             6,857.4       4,589.6
     Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                       44.9%         44.6%

     Employee and Remuneration Policies

     As at December 31, 2022, the Group employed a workforce totaling 12,373
     employees. The staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any
     contributions to (i) retirement benefit scheme contributions; and (ii) share-based
     payment expenses, were approximately RMB4,036.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2022, as compared to approximately RMB3,572.7 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2021. The remuneration package of employees generally
     includes salary and bonus elements. In general, the Group determines the
     remuneration package based on the qualifications, position and performance of its
     employees. The Group also makes contributions to social insurance fund, including
     basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance, childbirth
     insurance, work-related injury insurance funds, and housing reserve fund as
     applicable to the countries where the Group operates.




44   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
     Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group has adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Restricted Share
Award Scheme, the Global Partner Program Share Scheme and subsidiary share
option schemes of each of WuXi Vaccines and WuXi XDC to provide incentive or
reward to eligible participants for their contribution or potential contribution to the
Group.

In addition, the Group has an effective training system for its employees, including
orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the learning progress
and improve the knowledge and skill levels of its workforce. Its orientation process
covers subjects, such as corporate culture and policies, work ethics, introduction to
the biologics development process, quality management, and occupational safety,
and its periodic on-the-job training covers streamlined technical know-hows of its
integrated services, environmental, health and safety management systems and
mandatory training required by the applicable laws and regulations.

The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is reviewed by the
Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. The relevant experience,
duties and responsibilities, time commitment, working performance and the
prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the
emoluments of the Directors and senior management.

KEY EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Group has the following event taken place subsequent to December 31, 2022:

•   In January 2023, the Group entered into a license agreement with GSK plc
    (LSE/NYSE: GSK) under which GSK will have exclusive licenses for up to four
    bi- & multi-specific TCE antibodies developed using the Group’s proprietary
    technology platforms. Under the agreement, the Group will receive a US$40
    million upfront payment and up to US$1.46 billion in additional payments for
    research, development, regulatory and commercial milestones across the four
    TCE antibodies. The Group is also eligible to receive tiered royalties on net
    sales.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   45
     Directors and Senior Management



     DIRECTORS

     Executive Directors

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝), aged 50, was appointed as an executive Director
     and chief executive officer in February 2014 and January 2016, respectively. He
     joined the Group in June 2011 and also serves as a director of most subsidiaries of
     the Company. From June 2011 to January 2016, Dr. Chen served as a senior vice
     president of WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (上海藥明康德新藥開發有限公司), and
     was responsible for the management of biologics development and manufacturing.
     From August 2008 to June 2011, Dr. Chen served as the chief operating officer
     of Shanghai Celgen Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海賽金生物醫藥有限公司), and
     was responsible for the development, manufacturing and quality control of
     biologics. From November 2005 to August 2008, Dr. Chen served as a director and
     senior engineering consultant of Eli Lilly and Company, a global pharmaceutical
     company listed on NYSE (stock code: LLY), and was responsible for running
     a clinical manufacturing facility and providing technical guidance to biologics
     development and manufacturing. From June 2000 to November 2005, Dr. Chen
     served as a process engineer and manager of Merck & Co. Inc., a pharmaceutical
     company listed on NYSE (stock code: MRK) (“Merck”), and was responsible for
     providing technical support and trouble-shooting manufacturing issues of biologics
     and recombinant vaccines. Dr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical
     engineering from Tsinghua University in June 1994 and a Ph.D. degree in chemical
     engineering from University of Delaware in June 2000. In November 2018, Dr. Chen
     was appointed by International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE) to
     serve on the International Board of Directors.

     Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌), aged 59, was appointed as an executive Director,
     chief technology officer and president of global biologics development and
     operations in May 2016, November 2016 and October 2022, respectively. He
     is primarily responsible for overseeing the development and manufacturing of
     biologics. He is also responsible for several global operational functions such
     as global IT since October 2022. He joined the Group in December 2012 as the
     vice president, and has had responsibilities for the management of biologics
     development and manufacturing function teams at increased scales since.
     Prior to joining the Group, Dr. Zhou served as a senior director of Genzyme
     Corporation (now part of Sanofi) from March 2008 to December 2012, and was
     responsible for commercial cell culture process development. From October
     2002 to February 2008, Dr. Zhou served as a senior director of PDL BioPharma
     Inc., a biopharmaceutical company listed on NASDAQ, and was responsible for
     process sciences and engineering functions. From May 1994 to October 2002,
     Dr. Zhou served as up to an associate director of Merck, and was responsible
     for fermentation and cell culture process development. Dr. Zhou obtained a
     Ph.D. degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Hannover in 1989
     and conducted postdoctoral research at the German Association of Chemical
     Engineering and Biotechnology, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich, and
     the University of Minnesota.




46   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
            Directors and Senior Management



Non-executive Directors

Dr. Ge Li (李革), aged 56, was appointed as the Chairman and non-executive
Director in February 2014. Dr. Li is primarily responsible for providing overall
guidance on the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group.
He founded the Group in May 2010. Dr. Li has been serving as the chairman and
the chief executive officer since December 2000 of WuXi AppTec and has been
responsible for the overall management of its business, strategy and corporate
development. From August 2007 to December 2015, Dr. Li served as the chairman
and the chief executive officer of WuXi PharmaTech. From May 1993 to December
2000, Dr. Li was one of the founding scientists and latest served as a research
manager of Pharmacopeia Inc.. Dr. Li obtained a Ph.D. degree in organic chemistry
from Columbia University in the United States in February 1994.

Dr. Li is the spouse of Dr. Ning Zhao.

Dr. Ning Zhao (趙寧), aged 56, was appointed as a non-executive Director in June
2021. Dr. Zhao is a co-founder and an executive director of WuXi AppTec. Since
2011, she has served as WuXi AppTec’s Senior Vice President of Operations. From
February 2011 to July 2021, Dr. Zhao was also the Global Head of Human Resources
of WuXi AppTec. From 2004 to 2011, Dr. Zhao was the Vice President of Analytical
Services and Lead Advisor of Analytical Services Operations at WuXi AppTec.
She previously held various research and management positions at Bristol-Myers
Squibb, Pharmacopeia, and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals (now Pfizer). Dr. Zhao obtained
her bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Peking University in 1989 and her doctoral
degree in organic chemistry from Columbia University, where she was awarded the
George Pegram Award, in 1995.

Dr. Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   47
     Directors and Senior Management



     Mr. Yibing Wu (吳亦兵), aged 55, was appointed as a non-executive Director in
     May 2016. He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu
     has been serving as a director of WuXi AppTec since March 2016. Since November
     2015, Mr. Wu has been serving as a director of Summer Bloom Investments Pte.
     Ltd. Since October 2013, Mr. Wu has been working with Temasek International
     Pte. Ltd. and is currently Global Executive Council Member, the joint head of
     Technology & Consumer, the head of Enterprise Development Group (China) and
     the president of China. From April 2011 to April 2014, Mr. Wu served as a director
     of Neptune Orient Lines Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange
     Limited (stock code: RE2). From December 2009 to September 2013, Mr. Wu served
     as the president of CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. From January
     2012 to September 2013, Mr. Wu served as the chairman and chief executive
     officer of CITIC Goldstone Investment Co. Ltd. From May 2009 to July 2013, Mr.
     Wu served as a non-executive director of Lenovo Group Limited, a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0992). From September
     2008 to November 2009, Mr. Wu served as the executive vice president of Legend
     Holdings Co., Ltd. From August 2004 to August 2008, Mr. Wu was seconded from
     McKinsey & Company as the chief strategy officer, chief integration officer, chief
     transformation officer and chief information officer of Lenovo Group Ltd. From
     September 1996 to August 2008, he worked with McKinsey & Company, where he
     was a senior partner, the head of Asia Pacific M&A practice and general manager
     of Beijing office. Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s degree in molecular biology from
     University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in
     July 1989 and a Ph.D. degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Harvard
     University in the United States in June 1996.




48   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Yanling Cao (曹彥凌), aged 39, was appointed as a non-executive Director in
May 2016. He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategy
and governance to the Group. He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the
Group, Mr. Cao has been serving as the managing director of Boyu Capital Advisory
Co. Limited since March 2011 and currently serves as a partner, mainly responsible
for investments in the healthcare industry. From December 2007 to January 2011,
Mr. Cao served as an investment professional of General Atlantic LLC, and was
responsible for private equity and venture capital investment. From July 2006 to
November 2007, Mr. Cao served as an investment banker of Goldman Sachs Asia
LLC, and was responsible for providing investment banking advisory services to
clients in Asia. In addition, Mr. Cao served as a director of CStone Pharmaceuticals
(基石藥業), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
2616), from April 2016 to March 2017 and a non-executive director from May 2019
to January 2023. From June 2019 to March 2021, Mr. Cao served as a director and
then a non-executive director of Hygeia Healthcare Holdings Co., Limited (海吉亞醫
療控股有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 6078). Mr. Cao has been serving as a non-executive director of Ocumension
Therapeutics (歐康維視生物), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 1477), since June 2019. From February 2018 to March 15,
2021, Mr. Cao served as a non-executive director of Viela Bio Inc., a company
listed on NASDAQ and delisted in 2021. From February 2019 to December 2021,
Mr. Cao served as a director and then a non-executive director of Antengene
Corporation Limited (德琪醫藥有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 6996). From May 2020 to December 2021, Mr. Cao
served as an independent non-executive director of JW (Cayman) Therapeutics Co.
Ltd (藥明巨諾（開曼）有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 2126). Mr. Cao obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
and mathematics from Middlebury College in the United States in June 2006.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   49
     Directors and Senior Management



     Independent Non-Executive Directors

     Mr. William Robert Keller, aged 75, was appointed as an independent
     non-executive Director on May 17, 2017. He joined the Group in May 2017.
     From December 2010 to November 2020, he served as the chairman of Coland
     Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (康聯藥業有限公司), a company previously listed on Taiwan
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 4144), and was responsible for providing business
     advice to the company. From September 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Keller
     served as an independent director of WuXi PharmaTech and was responsible
     for providing independent advice to the board of the company. From December
     2009 to May 2015, Mr. Keller served as a director of Alexion Pharmaceuticals,
     Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: ALXN), and was responsible for
     providing independent advice to the board of the company. From February 2003
     to June 2014, Mr. Keller served as the founder and principal of Keller Pharma
     Consultancy (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (凱樂醫藥諮詢（上海）有限公司) and was responsible
     for market entry and strategy consulting. From March 2003 to June 2014, Mr.
     Keller served as the deputy general manager of Shanghai Zhangjiang Biotech and
     Pharmaceutical Base Development Co., Ltd. (上海張江生物醫藥基地開發有限公司) and
     was responsible for consulting of pharmaceutical and biotechnological startups’
     industry development in the park. From May 2007 to April 2010, Mr. Keller served
     as the chairman of HBM Biomed China Partners Ltd. and was responsible for
     investment in biotechnology companies. From December 2007 to December 2014,
     Mr. Keller served as a director and later a supervisor of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals
     Holding Limited (太景醫藥研發控股股份有限公司), a company listed on Taiwan Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 4157), and was responsible for overseeing financial matters.
     From June 1997 to December 2013, Mr. Keller served as the deputy chairman of
     the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment (上海市外商投資
     企業協會), and was responsible for supporting foreign invested companies as a
     business advisor. From March 2003 to December 2013, Mr. Keller served as a senior
     consultant of the Shanghai Foreign Investment Development Board (上海市外國投
     資促進中心) and was responsible for providing advice regarding foreign investment
     development. From March 2021 to May 2022, Mr. Keller served as an independent
     non-executive director of Artisan Acquisition Corp., a company listed on NASDAQ
     (stock code: ARTAU). Since September 14, 2018, Mr. Keller has been serving as an
     independent non-executive director of Hua Medicine (華領醫藥), a company listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2552) (“Hua Medicine”).
     Mr. Keller has been serving as a director of Cathay Biotech Inc. (上海凱賽生物技術
     股份有限公司), a company listed on Shanghai STAR Market (stock code: 688065) in
     August 2020. Mr. Keller obtained a bachelor of science’s degrees from the School
     of Economics and Business Administration in Zurich, Switzerland in July 1972.




50   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III, aged 63, was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director on June 9, 2020. He has more than 30 years of experience
in corporate finance. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. in Asia Pacific Ex-Japan before his retirement in
2019. He was also a member of Goldman Sachs’ Management Committee and
co-chaired its Asia Pacific Management Committee. Previously, Mr. Hitchner served
as President of Goldman Sachs in Asia Pacific Ex-Japan from 2013 to 2017. Prior
to relocating to Hong Kong, he was global head of Goldman Sachs’ Healthcare
Banking Group and global co-head of its Technology, Media and Telecom Group.
He was named managing director in 2000 and partner in 2002. He became head
of the global medical device banking practice in 1998 and head of the global
pharmaceutical banking practice in 2001. He began his career with Goldman Sachs’
Corporate Finance Department in 1991. Mr. Hitchner has been serving as a director
of the alternative investment management firm Elements Advisors SPV since
May 2020. He has joined Global Advisory Board of the global early-stage venture
capitalist Antler since January 2021. He has also been serving as a senior advisor
of WuXi AppTec since February 2020. From January 2021 to October 2022, Mr.
Hitchner served as an independent non-executive director of Provident Acquisition
Corp., a company listed on NASDAQ and delisted in October 2022. Mr. Hitchner
has also been serving as the chairman of the board of HH&L Acquisition Co., a
company listed on NYSE (stock code: HHLA), since February 11, 2021. Mr. Hitchner
has been serving as a non-executive director of CStone Pharmaceuticals since
December 10, 2021. Mr. Hitchner obtained a bachelor’s degree in arts from the
University of Colorado in 1982 and a master’s degree in business administration
(MBA) as a merit fellow from Columbia University Business School in 1992.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   51
     Directors and Senior Management



     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     For the biographies of Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝) and Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌),
     please refer to “Directors — Executive Directors”.

     Mr. Ming Tu (屠鳴), aged 54, is Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) of the Company.
     Serving as Co-CFO and then CFO since August 23, 2021, Mr. Tu is responsible for
     overseeing the Group’s financial strategies, performance, reporting and business
     planning, as well as functional support, such as treasury, tax, controllership and
     investor relations.

     Mr. Tu has more than 28 years of experience in management and corporate
     finance. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tu had served as the CFO of General Electric
     (“GE”) China and other senior management positions within GE group for around
     24 years at different business units in China, the United States, Japan and other
     global locations. Since August 2019, he had served as the chief financial officer of
     the Home Credit China, one of the largest consumer finance companies in China.
     Mr. Tu obtained a bachelor’s degree in computer science from Fudan University,
     attended Wake Forest University and University of Akron, and obtained a master
     of business administration degree in finance and a master of science degree in
     information systems management. He is a graduate of GE’s Executive Financial
     Leadership Program (EFLP) and a certified Six Sigma black belt.

     Dr. Jijie Gu (顧繼傑), aged 57, serves as Executive Vice President and Chief
     Scientific Officer of the Company. Dr. Gu brings more than 20 years of drug
     research and development expertise and extensive management experience to the
     firm. He has significant expertise in target discovery, therapeutic design, protein
     engineering, preclinical drug discovery and early clinical development.

     Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Gu served as a function head at AbbVie
     Cambridge Research Center, where he led target validation and lead discovery in
     AbbVie Immunology for both small and large molecule drugs. Before that, he was
     a function head of Oncology Biologics in Global Biologics at AbbVie Bioresearch
     Center.




52   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
            Directors and Senior Management



While at Abbott/AbbVie, Dr. Gu made critical contributions to building antibody
platform technologies. He led the construction of novel biologics platform
technologies, including Fc engineering, ADC technology, TCR technology, bispecific
and multispecific antibody technologies and T cell engagers. He also led projects
in multiple therapeutic areas relating to oncology, immunology, immuno-oncology,
metabolic disease, neuroscience and ophthalmology, and contributed broadly to
AbbVie Biologics portfolio and delivered several New Biological Entities (NBEs) into
clinical development.

Throughout his extensive career, Dr. Gu has co-invented more than 20 filed and
issued U.S. patents and has coauthored 40 publications. He currently serves on the
editorial boards of the peer-reviewed journals Antibody Therapeutics.

Dr. Gu obtained his Ph.D. in Molecular Biology and Biochemistry from Peking Union
Medical School. He received postdoctoral training in Tumor Immunology at the
Dana Farber Cancer Institute, a principal teaching affiliate of Harvard Medical
School, and in Cancer Cell Biology at the Harvard School of Public Health.

Mr. Jian Dong (董健), aged 59, joined the Company in 2014 and has since
been named Senior Vice President of Global Biomanufacturing. In this role, he
oversees global clinical and commercial biologics manufacturing and new facility
development.

Mr. Dong has over 30 years’ experience in bio-pharmaceutical production and
process development. He has extensive experience managing the design,
construction, qualification and operation of new current GMP (cGMP) biologics
manufacturing facilities with 30,000 L bioreactor capacities.

Prior to the Company, Mr. Dong served as Deputy Chief Engineer at Shenzhen
Kangtai Biological Products, Senior Process Engineer at Eli Lilly & Co., Vice President
of Manufacturing and Vice President of Quality at Shanghai Celgen and Deputy
General Manager of Unilab Bioscience and Shanghai United Cell Biotechnology, the
subsidiaries of UNILAB.

Mr. Dong obtained his Master’s degree in Biology from Wuhan University in China
and his MBA from Webster University in the United States. He was subsequently
granted a Senior Pharmaceutical Engineer certification by the Personnel
Department of Guangdong Province in 1996.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   53
     Directors and Senior Management



     Dr. Jerry Xu (徐學健), aged 60, is Senior Vice President and Chief Quality Officer
     of the Company. Dr. Xu joined the Group in 2011 and oversees the Company’s
     Quality Operations, including Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Global Quality
     Compliance, Regulatory Affairs and the training center.

     Dr. Xu has 29 years’ experience in bio-pharmaceutical quality assurance,
     production management and drug product development. Prior to the Company, Dr.
     Xu served as U.S. FDA officer, director of product development at Pharmaceutics
     International Inc., Senior Manager of Production Techical Services at Wyeth
     Pharmaceuticals, General Manager at Shanghai Fleecon Biomedical Corp, Inc. and
     senior scientist at Genzyme Corporation.

     Dr. Xu obtained his Ph.D. from Northeastern University in the United States, his
     bachelor’s degree from East China University of Science and Technology.

     Mr. Keqiang (Peter) Shen (沈克強), aged 59, joined the Group in 2012. He led
     multiple teams in Bioprocess Development and Manufacturing business unit as
     Senior Director, Executive Director and Vice President from 2012 to 2020. He
     was appointed as Senior Vice President, Head of China Biomanufacturing in
     2020. In this role, he manages and oversees all the production sites’ operation,
     development of manufacturing platform and late phase clinical and commercial
     biological manufacturing in China.

     Mr. Shen has over 30 years’ experience in biological process development, scale-up
     and manufacturing. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Shen took multiple scientific
     and managerial roles in Nanjing Institute of Biological Pharmaceuticals, DuPont
     Pharma, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co, Centocor Johnson & Johnson Co, and Laureate
     Biopharmaceutical Services, Inc.

     Mr. Shen obtained his Bachelor’s degree in Biopharmaceuticals from China
     Pharmaceutical University in China and Master’s degree in Biology from New
     Mexico State University in the United States.

     Dr. William Aitchison, aged 68, joined the Group in 2020 as Senior Vice President
     of Global Manufacturing. In this capacity he oversees all manufacturing operations
     outside of China.

     Dr. Aitchison has over 30 years of experience in the development and
     manufacturing of vaccines and biopharmaceutical products. Prior to joining the
     Company, Dr. Aitchison was Senior Vice President, Technical Operations for
     TESARO (GSK), Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing Operations at Sanofi
     Genzyme and Senior Vice President of Global Manufacturing Operations at Sanofi
     Pasteur.

     Dr. Aitchison obtained his Master’s degree from the University of Toronto School of
     Pharmacy and his PH.D. in Cell Biology from the University of Ottawa, Canada.




54   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
            Directors and Senior Management



Mr. Angus Scott Marshall Turner, aged 55, is Senior Vice President of Global
business development and Alliance Management at the Company. Mr. Turner, who
joined the Company in 2016, is responsible for business development, strategic
alliances and partnerships.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Turner served from 2010 to 2016 as Director of
Sales Europe and Asia for Lonza AG, a Swiss supplier of products and services
to the global pharmaceutical, healthcare and life science industries. In addition
to building the sales team there, he oversaw the successful implementation
of sales strategies across all technologies in the contract manufacturing
business unit. Before working at Lonza AG, Mr. Turner was Director of Business
Development Europe and Asia for AppTec Laboratory Services, Inc. with a focus
on biopharmaceutical and medical device testing, as well as biologics-based
manufacturing and related services. Upon the acquisition of AppTec Laboratory
Services, Inc. by WuXi PharmaTech in 2008, Mr. Turner served as Director of
International Biopharmaceutical Business Development for WuXi PharmaTech. Mr.
Turner also worked for Bayer AG for several years in sales and marketing, including
supporting the launch of Kogenate® FS Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant).

Mr. Turner obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology from Stirling University, a
master’s degree in biotechnology from Strathclyde University and an MBA from
Warwick Business School, with a scholarship to Copenhagen Business School.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   55
     Directors’ Report



     The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited
     consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2022.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

     The Group is principally engaged in the provision of end-to-end solutions and
     services for biologics discovery, development and manufacturing to customers
     involving in biologics industry.

     A list of the Company’s subsidiaries, together with their places of incorporation,
     principal activities and particulars of their issued shares/paid up capital, is set out
     in note 44 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     A review of the business of the Group during the year, a discussion and analysis
     on the Group’s future business development and the financial and operational key
     performance indicators employed by the Directors in measuring the performance
     of the Group’s business are set out in the sections headed “Chairman and CEO
     Statement” on pages 4 to 5 of this annual report, “Financial Highlights” on page 6
     of this annual report, and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 7 to 45
     of this annual report. The financial risk management objectives and policies of the
     Group are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
     report. Significant events that have an effect on the Group subsequent to the
     financial year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in note 48 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report. All the above sections shall form an
     integral part of this directors’ report.

     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’
     Report were:

     Executive Directors

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

     Non-executive Directors

     Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
     Dr. Ning Zhao
     Mr. Yibing Wu
     Mr. Yanling Cao




56   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                            Directors’ Report



Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. William Robert Keller
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (passed away on November 24, 2022 )
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III

BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the
Company are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on
pages 46 to 55 of this annual report.

SERVICE CONTRACTS OF THE DIRECTORS

Each of the Directors has entered into a three-year service contract with the
Company, subject to termination before expiry by either party giving not less than
three months’ notice in writing to the other.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a
service contract with the Company or any member of the Group which is not
determinable by the employer within one year without payment of compensation
(other than statutory compensation).

REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUAL WITH
HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS

Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals in the
Group are set out in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.

No Director has waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year
ended December 31, 2022.

CHANGES IN INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in Directors’ information
after the publication of the 2022 interim report are set out below:

•   Dr. Weichang Zhou was appointed as president of global biologics
    development and operation of the Company in October 2022.

•   M r. Y a n l i n g C a o c e a s e d t o b e a n o n-e x e c u t i v e d i r e c t o r o f C S t o n e
    Pharmaceuticals (基石藥業), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock
    Exchange (stock code: 2616), in January 2023.




                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022      57
     Directors’ Report



     •    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk ceased to be an independent non-executive
          Director, chairman of the Audit Committee and member of the Nomination
          Committee of the Company, in November 2022.

     •    Mr. William Robert Keller was appointed as a member of the Strategy
          Committee on November 23, 2022.

     •    Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III was appointed as a member of the Strategy
          Committee on November 23, 2022.

     •    In October 2022, Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III ceased to be an independent
          non-executive director of Provident Acquisition Corp., a company listed on
          NASDAQ and delisted in October 2022.

     Save as disclosed above and in this annual report, there were no changes in
     information which are required to be disclosed and had not been disclosed by
     Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing
     Rules.

     INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors
     an annual confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent non-executive Directors
     are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESSES

     Saved as disclosed in this annual report, as at December 31, 2022, none of the
     Directors or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any
     business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR
     CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no transaction, arrangement or
     contract of significance subsisted in which a Director or an entity connected with
     a Director was materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, during or at the
     end of the Reporting Period.

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     Details on related party transactions for the year ended December 31, 2022 are
     set out in note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. None of the related
     party transactions constitute “connected transactions” or “continuing connected
     transactions” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, there was no connected
     transaction of the Group which has to be disclosed in accordance with the Listing
     Rules.


58   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                 Directors’ Report



RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company believes that sound risk management is essential to the Group’s
efficient and effective operation. The Company’s risk management system assists
the Board in evaluating material risk exposure arising internally and externally from
the Group’s business, including operational risks, financial risks, regulatory risks,
etc. and proactively setting up appropriate risk management and internal control
mechanism which is embedded in daily operation management.

Regulatory Risk

The biologics industry, being a division of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
industry, has experienced drastic changes in recent years. On one hand, the China
NMPA has introduced certain measures to improve the standards of the approval
of pharmaceutical research and development and the efficiency of the approval
of drug applications, i.e., the “NMPA Notice No. 126 (2017)” which is the Opinion
on Implementing Priority Review and Approval to Encourage Drug Innovation
and the “Notice No. 23 (2018)” which is the Announcement on Optimizing the
Review and Approval of Drug Registration. On the other hand, while government
policies toward the pharmaceutical industry are expected to remain stable and
the government is expected to remain committed to increasing innovation as
well as overall healthcare spending which is in line with the “Healthy China 2030”
goals set by the State Council of the PRC, it is also observed that the companies
of this industry are to comply with more stringent regulations which are closer to
international standards, the punishment becomes much stricter and supervision
and inspection from government will become more frequent. In 2020, China NMPA
published the Pharmacopoeia of the People’s Republic of China (“PPRC”) which
came into effect on December 30, 2020. All manufactured and marketed drugs
should meet the related requirements of the latest version of PPRC. Furthermore,
the relevant regulatory authorities are increasingly conducting planned or
unplanned facility inspections for drug development and production organizations
to ensure that the relevant facilities meet regulatory requirements. In response
to all of the above, the Group sticks to the “Globalization” strategy to handle
the keep-changing regulations. The Group has a dedicated regulatory affairs
team which comprises professionals with years of experience and diversified
backgrounds in both domestic and overseas markets. The team members are
responsible for actively monitoring and following new legislation, regulations and
guidelines published by global regulatory agencies and promoting improvements in
compliance with such legislation, regulations and guidelines.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   59
     Directors’ Report



     Risks related to Global Politics, International Trade and Regulations

     The Group operates globally and as such its operations could be impacted by
     global and regional changes in macro-economic, geopolitical and social conditions,
     and regulatory environments. These external factors are beyond the Group’s
     control and may make it more difficult for the Group to manage its financial
     performance. There are ongoing uncertainties in political conditions and changes
     in regulatory and legal requirements in various countries, specifically in global
     trade systems. Policy decisions and stringent regulations may affect the ease of
     doing business with customers and suppliers, increasing the cost of operations and
     exposing the Group to potential liability. The Group has diversified its geographic
     sources of revenue and profit to reduce its dependency on any single country or
     region. It continuously monitors its external environment, and tracks action plans
     and conducts sensitivity and scenario analysis to position the Group for a better
     outcome. The Group also vigilantly tracks and monitors the developments of the
     political conditions and adapts its strategy to address the shifting dynamics in
     regions and countries. It follows closely on legal and regulatory changes, and
     maintains stringent compliance programs.

     Interest Rate Risk

     The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate bank
     borrowings and fixed-rate pledged bank deposits and lease liabilities. The Group
     is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate bank
     balances and variable-rate bank borrowings. The Group manages its interest
     rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any interest rate
     movements based on interest rate level and outlook. The management will review
     the proportion of borrowings in fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within
     reasonable range. In addition, the Group entered into interest rate swaps with
     banks to minimize its exposure to interest rate fluctuation on its variable-rate bank
     borrowings.

     Credit Risk

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which
     will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by
     the counterparties is the carrying amount of the respective recognized financial
     assets as stated in the consolidated statements of financial position. In order
     to minimize the credit risk, the management has designated a team responsible
     for reviewing and monitoring the credit exposure of its customers by evaluating
     customers’ credit qualification, strengthening management of customer advance
     payments, monitoring credit records, sending confirmations and initiating collection
     procedures (with involvement of senior management when necessary), to promptly
     recover overdue debts. With more new customers being introduced, and more
     uncertainties in the future global politics and economics, the management has also
     made efforts to prudently assess credit limits, approve credit term granted and
     other monitoring procedures to monitor the overall risk exposure. The management
     has been continuously managing the credit risk through periodic review and
     monitoring doubtful debts.


60   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                 Directors’ Report



The Board is of the view that the credit risk on time deposits, pledged bank
deposits, bank balances and wealth management products is limited because
the majority of the counterparties are state-owned banks with good reputation
or top-tier international banks and financial institutions with good credit ratings.
In addition, to regulate the management of surplus fund, the Group has set
up relevant policies and procedures, which clearly state that no speculative
transaction is allowed. Also, the criteria for evaluating the available products in
the market are set out in the following sequence of priority: safety, liquidity and
returns. Other requirements like the approved list of financial institutions, the
maximum placement per transaction and the aggregate amount in any individual
financial institution are also clearly defined. With all of the above, the Directors
consider the credit risk in relation to time deposits, pledged bank deposits, bank
balances and wealth management products has been significantly reduced.

Currency Risk

Following the “Global Dual Sourcing” manufacturing strategy, the Group has
accelerated its business expansion around the world. The Group’s entities are
exposed to foreign exchange risks of foreign currencies other than their functional
currencies, primarily with respect to USD and EUR.

During the Reporting Period, the majority of the Group’s revenue was generated
from sales denominated in USD, while the purchase of raw materials, property,
plant and equipment and expenditures were settled in RMB, USD and EUR upon
various business arrangements. Furthermore, the Group had USD and EUR
denominated borrowings to provide financing for the Group’s overseas construction
and operation. At the end of each reporting period, the Group has maintained
foreign currencies denominated monetary assets and liabilities (mainly in USD and
EUR) which expose the Group to foreign currency risks. As a result, the Group’s net
profit margin was impacted when the foreign exchange rates fluctuated, among
USD, RMB and EUR.

The Group seeks to limit its exposure to foreign currency risk by closely monitoring
and minimizing its net foreign currency position. The Group has engaged in a series
of forward contracts to manage its currency risk. Hedge accounting is also adopted
by the Group for derivatives to mitigate the impact on profit or loss due to the
fluctuation in foreign exchange rates.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   61
     Directors’ Report



     Data Privacy and Data Security Risk

     Data is heavily regulated and data compliance has become an essential topic,
     especially for companies who operate globally. We have to comply with all
     applicable data laws and regulations in different jurisdictions where we operate.
     Such data rules are fast evolving and government authorities have become more
     aggressive on enforcement actions.

     We attach great importance to data protection and data compliance and have
     established our data compliance program to monitor the relevant risk.

     Nevertheless, we may still encounter unexpected or uncontrollable threats to
     our data and systems, including computer viruses, malicious code, phishing,
     ransomware, hacker attacks, and other cyber security attacks. With the diversity
     of sources and technologies of network attacks, we may not be able to predict all
     types of security threats, or to implement effective preventive measures against all
     security threats. For this reason, the management has paid continuous attention to
     related risks, and will put more resources and investment into the relevant areas
     for continuous management and enhancement.

     Natural Disasters, Outbreaks of Epidemics and Other Force Majeure Events

     Natural disasters, outbreaks of epidemics and other force majeure events could
     endanger our personnel and even cause negative business impact like interrupting
     business services. Along the years, the Company has been investing a lot to build
     up a sophisticated business continuity management system, specifically, with
     respect to sound governance processes handling various kinds of emergencies and
     disasters, industry outstanding facilities, top industry people talents, super strong
     supply chain network, insurance policies, etc., which could assure the Company’s
     business continuity to the most extent.




62   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                             Directors’ Report



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at December 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and
chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of
the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the
SFO; or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code were as follows:

Interests in shares or underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                 Number of                     Percentage of
                         Capacity/                     Number of                 Underlying       Aggregate Shareholding
Names of Directors       Nature of Interest             Shares(1)                   Shares         Interest(1)     Interest(2)

Dr. Ge Li                Interests of controlled   644,005,633 (L)(3)(4)                   — 644,005,633 (L)           15.24%
                             corporations
Dr. Ning Zhao            Interest of spouse        644,005,633 (L)(4)(5)                   — 644,005,633 (L)           15.24%
                             and interests
                             of controlled
                             corporations
Dr. Zhisheng Chen        Beneficial owner           12,707,878 (L)(6)              5,865,964 121,105,842 (L)            2.87%
                             and founder of a                                       restricted
                             discretionary trust                                  shares (L)(7)
                                                                           102,532,000 share
                                                                                 options (L)(8)
Dr. Weichang Zhou        Beneficial owner              140,714 (L)                 1,579,398 16,809,112 (L)             0.40%
                                                                                    restricted
                                                                                  shares (L)(7)
                                                                            15,089,000 share
                                                                                 options (L)(8)
Mr. William Robert Keller Beneficial owner               17,766 (L)          4,145 restricted     21,911 (L)            0.00%
                                                                                  shares (L)(7)
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter   Beneficial owner                   18,601 (L)          4,145 restricted     22,746 (L)            0.00%
   Kwauk (passed away                                                             shares (L)(7)
   on November 24,
   2022)
Mr. Kenneth Walton    Beneficial owner                   94,926 (L)          8,291 restricted     103,217 (L)           0.00%
   Hitchner III                                                                  shares (L)(7)




                                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022          63
     Directors’ Report



     Notes:

     (1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)   As at December 31, 2022, the total number of Shares in issue is 4,225,261,885 Shares.

     (3)   Dr. Ge Li controlled 19.66% of the issued share capital of Biologics Holdings and 55.03%
           of the voting power at its general meetings. Hence, Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested
           in 640,191,133 Shares held by Biologics Holdings.

     (4)   Dr. Ge Li entered into an acting-in-concert agreement dated June 30, 2016 with Dr.
           Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu to acknowledge and confirm their
           acting in-concert relationship in relation to the Company.

     (5)   Dr. Ning Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li and is deemed to be interested in the Shares
           interested by Dr. Ge Li.

     (6)   Among the 12,707,878 Shares, 10,706,254 Shares were held by Dr. Zhisheng Chen
           through a trust of which Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the settlor (founder) and his spouse and
           child are the beneficiaries.

     (7)   Interests in restricted shares granted pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme
           and/or Global Partner Program Share Scheme.

     (8)   Interests in share options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2022, so far as it was known to
     the Directors or chief executive of the Company, none of the Directors or chief
     executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying
     Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations as recorded
     in the register required to be kept, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or as
     otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
     Code.




64   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                 Directors’ Report



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at December 31, 2022, so far as it was known to the Directors or chief executive
of the Company, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief
executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
under section 336 of the SFO.

Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                  percentage of
Names of                                                                                           shareholding
Shareholders            Capacity/Nature of Interest                  Number of Shares(1)              interest(2)

Dr. Ge Li               Interests of controlled corporations              644,005,633 (L)(3)(5)          15.24%
Dr. Ning Zhao           Interests of spouse and interests of              644,005,633 (L)(4)(5)          15.24%
                           controlled corporations
Mr. Zhaohui Zhang       Interests of parties acting in concert            644,005,633 (L)(5)             15.24%
Mr. Xiaozhong Liu       Interests of parties acting in concert            644,005,633 (L)(5)             15.24%
Life Science Holdings   Interests of controlled corporations              640,191,133 (L)(6)             15.15%
Life Science Limited    Interests of controlled corporations              640,191,133 (L)(6)             15.15%
WuXi PharmaTech         Interests of controlled corporations              640,191,133 (L)(6)             15.15%
Biologics Holdings      Beneficial owner                                  640,191,133 (L)(6)             15.15%
BlackRock, Inc.         Interests of controlled corporations              219,905,373 (L)(7)              5.20%
                                                                              849,500 (S)(7)              0.02%
JPMorgan Chase & Co.    Interests of controlled corporations;             296,911,219 (L)(8)              7.03%
                           Investment manager; Person having               15,708,123 (S)(8)              0.37%
                           a security interest in shares; Trustee;        104,838,596 (P)(8)              2.48%
                           Approved Lending Agent(7)

Notes:

(1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares; the letter “S” denotes
      the person’s short position in the Shares; and the letter “P” denotes the person’s
      lending pool in the Shares.

(2)   As at December 31, 2022, the total number of Shares in issue is 4,225,261,885 Shares.

(3)   Dr. Ge Li controlled 19.66% of the issued share capital of Biologics Holdings and 55.03%
      of the voting power at its general meetings. Hence, Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested
      in 640,191,133 Shares held by Biologics Holdings.

(4)   Dr. Ning Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li and is deemed to be interested in the Shares
      interested by Dr. Ge Li.

(5)   Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu entered into an
      acting-in-concert agreement on June 30, 2016 to acknowledge and confirm their
      acting-in-concert relationship in relation to the Company. Hence, Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning
      Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu are deemed to be interested in the
      Shares held by each other.

                                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022          65
     Directors’ Report



     (6)   Life Science Holdings wholly owned Life Science Limited, which wholly owned WuXi
           PharmaTech, which in turn controlled 44.97% of the voting power at general meetings
           of Biologics Holdings. Biologics Holdings directly owned 640,191,133 Shares. Life Science
           Holdings, Life Science Limited and WuXi PharmaTech are deemed to be interested in
           the Shares held by Biologics Holdings.

     (7)   BlackRock Inc. is deemed to be interested in the long position of a total of 219,905,373
           Shares and in the short position of 849,500 Shares indirectly through a series of
           controlled corporations.

     (8)   The Shares held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. were held via different entities in the
           following capacities:

           No. of Shares          Capacity


           24,999,954 (L)         Interests of controlled corporations
           15,708,123 (S)
           160,466,802 (L)        Investment manager
           6,603,761 (L)          Person having a security interest in shares
           2,106 (L)              Trustee
           104,838,596 (L)        Approved lending agent

     PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     The Company adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme pursuant to the
     resolutions of its Shareholders passed on January 5, 2016, which was subsequently
     amended on August 10, 2016 pursuant to the resolutions of the Board.

     The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to attract, retain and motivate
     employees, Directors and such other participants of the Group, to provide a means
     of compensating them through the grant of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme for their contribution to the growth and profits of the Group, and to allow
     them to participate in the growth and profitability of the Group. Participants of
     the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme include (a) any employee (whether full-time or
     part-time) of the Company or its subsidiaries, including any executive Director, (b)
     any non-executive Director or independent non-executive Director of the Company
     appointed or proposed to be appointed prior to the Listing Date, or any director
     of any of the subsidiaries, and (c) any other person who in the sole opinion of the
     Board, will contribute or have contributed to the Group. No further option would
     be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on or after the Listing Date.
     The life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is 10 years from the date of adoption.
     There are no more securities available for grant under the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme on or after the date on which the Shares of the Company are listed. As
     at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue
     under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is 170,918,267 Shares, representing
     approximately 4.04% of the total issued share capital of the Company. During the
     Reporting Period, the number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options
     granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme divided by the weighted average
     number of total Shares in issue during the Reporting Period is 3.91%.




66   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                   Directors’ Report



The table below shows details of the movements in the share options granted
under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                      Forfeited/
                                                              Outstanding     Granted     Exercised   Cancelled Outstanding
                                                                    as at   during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                               January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December        Exercise
Category of Participants   Date of Grant       Exercise Price        2022       Period       Period       Period   31, 2022       Period

Directors
Dr. Zhisheng Chen          January 7, 2016        US$0.1667    85,000,000           —            —           —     85,000,000   10 years
                           March 15, 2017         US$0.3400    17,532,000           —            —           —     17,532,000   10 years

                                                              102,532,000           —            —           — 102,532,000


Dr. Weichang Zhou          January 7, 2016        US$0.1667    12,596,000           —            —           —     12,596,000   10 years
                           March 15, 2017         US$0.3400     2,493,000           —            —           —      2,493,000   10 years

                                                               15,089,000           —            —           —    15,089,000


Sub-total                                                     117,621,000           —            —           — 117,621,000

Employees in aggregate
230 employees              January 7, 2016        US$0.1667    34,305,326           —     9,281,425          —     25,023,901   10 years
24 employees               March 28, 2016         US$0.1667     1,398,725           —       447,000          —        951,725   10 years
102 employees              August 10, 2016        US$0.2200     7,435,400           —     1,215,850          —      6,219,550   10 years
92 employees               November 11, 2016      US$0.2633     4,934,803           —     2,551,700          —      2,383,103   10 years
321 employees              March 15, 2017         US$0.3400    21,607,793           —     7,935,210          —     13,672,583   10 years
74 employees               May 12, 2017           US$0.6000     5,698,630           —       652,225          —      5,046,405   10 years

Sub-total                                                      75,380,677           —    22,083,410          —    53,297,267

Total                                                         193,001,677           —    22,083,410          — 170,918,267

Notes:

(1)     In respect of the options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average
        closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were
        exercised was HK$60.17.

(2)     The options granted are exercisable subject to the vesting schedule of 20% on each
        of the second, third and fourth anniversaries, and 40% on the fifth anniversary, of the
        date of grant, save as otherwise determined by the Board at its sole discretion.

(3)     The options granted shall be exercisable during a period from the vesting date of the
        option until the expiry of 10 years from the date of the grant of the option.




                                                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022               67
     Directors’ Report



     In accordance with Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares
     issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
     (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period
     shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. The exercise price was determined by
     the Board, as it thought fit taking into account a participant’s contribution to the
     development and growth of the Group.

     The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be exercisable
     during a period from the vesting date of the option until the expiry of 10 years
     from the date of the grant of the option. Subject to the other terms of the Pre-IPO
     Share Option Scheme, save as determined otherwise by the Board at its sole
     discretion, the vesting schedule of the options under the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme is as follows: (i) 20% of the options shall be vested on the date falling
     on the second anniversary of the date of grant; (ii) 20% of the options shall be
     vested on the date falling on the third anniversary of the date of grant; (iii) 20%
     of the options shall be vested on the date falling on the fourth anniversary of the
     date of grant; and (iv) 40% of the options shall be vested on the date falling on
     the fifth anniversary of the date of grant. Participants accepting options granted
     under Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme has to sign an acceptance letter and pay to
     the Company an amount of HK$1.00 as consideration for the grant. Details of the
     terms and movement of the options granted during the Reporting Period and the
     impact of options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on the financial
     statements are set out in the Prospectus and under note 43 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report.

     RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     The Company has adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme on January 15,
     2018. The purposes of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are to (i) recognize
     the contributions by the selected participants; (ii) encourage, motivate and retain
     the selected participants, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual
     operation, development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii) provide
     additional incentive for the selected participants to achieve performance goals,
     with a view to achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and
     aligning the interests of the selected participants to the Shareholders through
     ownership of Shares. The Restricted Share Award Scheme became effective on
     January 15, 2018. Participants of the Restricted Share Award Scheme include any
     Director or employee of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The total number
     of Shares issued and to be issued pursuant to grant of restricted shares to each
     participant (including any Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been
     vested or lapsed) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue
     unless approved by the Shareholders. Vesting shall only occur upon satisfaction
     (or where applicable, wavier by the Board) of the conditions imposed by the Board
     as set forth in the notice of award. Participants are not required to pay for the
     acceptance of the restricted shares. For the purpose of determining the share price
     of each restricted share under the Restricted Share Award Scheme, it shall be the
     average closing price of the Company’s Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
     daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date
     of granting the restricted shares. Subject to earlier termination by the Board, the

68   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                                                    Directors’ Report



Restricted Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years
from the adoption date. The maximum number of Shares which can be awarded
under the Restricted Share Award Scheme is limited to 3% (i.e. 104,859,097 Shares,
after taking into account the share subdivision which took effect on November
16, 2020) of the issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption date.
The number of Shares available for grant under the Restricted Share Award
Scheme was 29,299,303 and 465,370 as of January 1, 2022 and December 31,
2022, respectively. As at the date of this annual report, the total number of
Shares available for issue under the Restricted Share Award Scheme is 2,012,992
Shares, representing approximately 0.05% of the total issued share capital of the
Company. During the Reporting Period, the number of Shares that may be issued
in respect of restricted shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme
divided by the weighted average number of total Shares in issue during the
Reporting Period is 0.84%.

Pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme, the Board shall select the eligible
participant and determine the number of Shares to be awarded.

The table below shows details of the restricted shares granted under the Restricted
Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                                 Closing Price                                         Forfeited/
                                                of the Shares Outstanding      Granted       Vested    Cancelled Outstanding
                                                 immediately        as at    during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   before the January 1,     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December        Vesting
Category of Participants Date of Grant          Date of Grant        2022        Period       Period       Period   31, 2022      Period

Directors
Dr. Zhisheng Chen           June 5, 2019           HK$23.75      2,367,600           —      591,900           —      1,775,700   5 years
                            November 12, 2020      HK$74.47      1,178,796           —      235,759           —        943,037   5 years
                            June 16, 2021         HK$121.00        945,200           —           —            —        945,200   5 years
                            June 10, 2022          HK$71.10             —     1,324,333          —            —      1,324,333   5 years

                                                                4,491,596    1,324,333      827,659           —     4,988,270         —

Dr. Weichang Zhou           June 5, 2019           HK$23.75       378,816           —        94,704           —       284,112    5 years
                            November 12, 2020      HK$74.47       353,637           —        70,727           —       282,910    5 years
                            June 16, 2021         HK$121.00       263,679           —            —            —       263,679    5 years
                            June 10, 2022          HK$71.10            —       450,281           —            —       450,281    5 years

                                                                  996,132      450,281      165,431           —     1,280,982         —

Mr. William Robert Keller   June 16, 2021         HK$121.00         2,467            —         2,467          —            —      1 year
                            June 10, 2022          HK$71.10            —          4,145           —           —         4,145     1 year

                                                                    2,467        4,145        2,467           —         4,145         —




                                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022              69
     Directors’ Report



                                                    Closing Price                                         Forfeited/
                                                   of the Shares Outstanding      Granted       Vested    Cancelled Outstanding
                                                    immediately        as at    during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                      before the January 1,     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December        Vesting
     Category of Participants Date of Grant        Date of Grant        2022        Period       Period       Period   31, 2022      Period

     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk June 16, 2021         HK$121.00          4,934           —         4,934           —            —     1 year
        (passed away on        June 10, 2022          HK$71.10             —         4,145           —            —         4,145    1 year
        November 24, 2022)
                                                                       4,934         4,145       4,934            —         4,145        —

     Mr. Kenneth Walton        June 16, 2021         HK$121.00          4,934           —         4,934           —            —     1 year
        Hitchner III           June 10, 2022          HK$71.10             —         8,291           —            —         8,291    1 year

                                                                       4,934         8,291       4,934            —         8,291        —

     Sub-total                                                     5,500,063     1,791,195   1,005,425            —     6,285,833

     Employees in aggregate
     259 employees             January 15, 2018       HK$17.78      3,128,778           —     1,042,926      131,580    1,954,272   5 years
     540 employees             March 20, 2018         HK$23.73      2,457,027           —       816,099      200,652    1,440,276   5 years
     170 employees             June 13, 2018          HK$31.08        886,641           —       287,457       54,975      544,209   5 years
     202 employees             August 21, 2018        HK$21.55      1,929,057           —       586,452      193,920    1,148,685   5 years
     124 employees             November 20, 2018      HK$22.57      1,336,522           —       427,052       55,185      854,285   5 years
     6 employees               March 19, 2019         HK$27.00        110,330           —        27,580           —        82,750   5 years
     846 employees             June 5, 2019           HK$23.75      6,781,849           —     1,619,419      638,007    4,524,423   5 years
     335 employees             August 20, 2019        HK$27.47      3,148,144           —       750,216      236,415    2,161,513   5 years
     67 employees              November 20, 2019      HK$29.50        969,806           —       230,596       50,938      688,272   5 years
     383 employees             March 27, 2020         HK$34.60      4,476,978           —       904,602      581,448    2,990,928   5 years
     77 employees              June 9, 2020           HK$41.67      1,775,685           —       342,290       97,877    1,335,518   5 years
     126 employees             August 18, 2020        HK$56.33      1,580,916           —       288,319      182,687    1,109,910   5 years
     1,391 employees           November 12, 2020      HK$74.47      4,439,712           —       805,476      443,975    3,190,261   5 years
     1,617 employees           March 24, 2021         HK$87.40      4,482,376           —            —       472,824    4,009,552   5 years
     3 employees               June 16, 2021         HK$121.00        271,927           —            —       156,202      115,725   5 years
     1,752 employees           June 17, 2021         HK$116.90     12,534,876           —            —     1,456,681   11,078,195   5 years
     745 employees             August 24, 2021       HK$113.00      4,583,421           —            —       668,500    3,914,921   5 years
     486 employees             November 23, 2021     HK$105.70      3,846,769           —        16,638      458,412    3,371,719   5 years
     2,458 employees           March 23, 2022         HK$58.35             —    18,954,570           —     1,544,685   17,409,885   5 years
     725 employees             June 10, 2022          HK$71.10             —     7,030,421           —       290,887    6,739,534   5 years
     151 employees             August 18, 2022        HK$69.75             —     1,744,144           —        23,380    1,720,764   5 years
     681 employees             November 28, 2022      HK$47.75             —     7,330,996           —        78,163    7,252,833   5 years

     Sub-total                                                    58,740,814    35,060,131   8,145,122    8,017,393    77,638,430

     Total                                                        64,240,877    36,851,326   9,150,547    8,017,393    83,924,263




70   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                       Directors’ Report



Notes:

(1)   During the Reporting Period, certain employees of the Group were offered and agreed
      to join the subsidiary share option schemes, i.e. the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme
      or the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme (“Subsidiary Share Option Schemes”).
      Upon participating in the Subsidiary Share Option Schemes, share options under the
      Subsidiary Share Option Schemes were granted to the employees while the outstanding
      restricted shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme held by the
      respective employees were cancelled at the same time accordingly.

(2)   In respect of the restricted shares vested during the Reporting Period, the weighted
      average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the
      restricted shares were vested was HK$63.24.

(3)   For details of the fair value of the restricted shares at the date of grant and the
      accounting standard and policy adopted, please refer to note 43 to the consolidated
      financial statements of this annual report.

(4)   Save for the restricted shares granted to Mr. William Robert Keller, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter
      Kwauk and Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III which are subject to the vesting schedule
      of one year, the restricted shares are subject to the vesting schedule of 20% on each
      of the second, third and fourth anniversaries, and 40% on the fifth anniversary, of the
      date of grant.

(5)   Participants are not required to pay for the acceptance of the restricted shares, and
      the restricted shares were or will be transferred to the participants upon vesting at nil
      consideration.

Details of the purpose, terms and movement of the restricted shares granted
under the Restricted Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out
in the Company’s announcements dated March 23, 2022, June 10, 2022, August
18, 2022 and November 28, 2022 and under note 43 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report. For more details of the Restricted Share Award
Scheme, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated January 15, 2018
and January 18, 2018.

GLOBAL PARTNER PROGRAM SHARE SCHEME

The Company has adopted the Global Partner Program Share Scheme on June
16, 2021. The purposes of the Global Partner Program Share Scheme are to
further reward and incentivize the Group’s top employees and attract key talents
to ensure the continuous business development and growth of the Company.
The Global Partner Program Share Scheme became effective on June 16, 2021.
Participants of the Global Partner Program Share Scheme include any Director,
employee, officer, agent, consultant or advisor of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or any joint venture or other business arrangement of the Group,
who, in the opinion of the Board, has significant contribution to the business
development and growth of the Group. The total number of Shares issued and to
be issued pursuant to grant of restricted shares to each participant (including any
Shares where the right to acquire such Shares has been vested or lapsed) in any
12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue unless approved by

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   71
     Directors’ Report



     the Shareholders. Vesting shall only occur upon satisfaction (or where applicable,
     wavier by the Board) of the conditions imposed by the Board as set forth in the
     notice of award. Participants are not required to pay for the acceptance of the
     restricted shares. For the purpose of determining the share price of each restricted
     share under the Global Partner Program Share Scheme, it shall be the average
     closing price of the Company’s Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily
     quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of
     granting the restricted shares. Subject to earlier termination by the Board, the
     Global Partner Program Share Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period
     of 10 years from the adoption date. The maximum number of Shares which can
     be awarded under the Global Partner Program Share Scheme is limited to 3%
     (i.e. 126,982,689 Shares) of the issued share capital of the Company as at the
     adoption date. The number of Shares available for grant under the Global Partner
     Program Share Scheme was 124,258,859 and 116,407,638 as of January 1, 2022
     and December 31, 2022, respectively. As at the date of this annual report, the
     total number of Shares available for issue under the Global Partner Program Share
     Scheme is 116,502,927 Shares, representing approximately 2.75% of the total
     issued share capital of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the number of
     Shares that may be issued in respect of restricted shares granted under the Global
     Partner Program Share Scheme divided by the weighted average number of total
     Shares in issue during the Reporting Period is 0.18%.

     Pursuant to the Global Partner Program Share Scheme, the Board shall select the
     eligible participant and determine the number of Shares to be awarded.

     The table below shows details of the restricted shares granted under the Global
     Partner Program Share Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                                 Closing Price                                         Forfeited/
                                                of the Shares Outstanding      Granted       Vested    Cancelled Outstanding
                                                 immediately        as at    during the   during the   during the       as at
                                                   before the January 1,     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December        Vesting
     Category of Participants Date of Grant     Date of Grant        2022        Period       Period       Period   31, 2022      Period

     Directors
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen        June 10, 2022        HK$71.10             —      877,694            —           —       877,694    2 years
     Dr. Weichang Zhou        June 10, 2022        HK$71.10             —      298,416            —           —       298,416    2 years

     Sub-total                                                          —    1,176,110            —           —     1,176,110

     Employees in aggregate
     198 employees          November 23, 2021     HK$105.70      2,723,830           —            —      141,072     2,582,758   2 years
     2 employees            June 10, 2022          HK$71.10             —        47,037           —           —         47,037   2 years
     234 employees          November 28, 2022      HK$47.75             —     6,769,146           —           —      6,769,146   2 years

     Sub-total                                                  2,723,830    6,816,183            —      141,072    9,398,941

     Total                                                      2,723,830    7,992,293            —      141,072   10,575,051

72   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                        Directors’ Report



Notes:

(1)   For details of the fair value of the restricted shares at the date of grant and the
      accounting standard and policy adopted, please refer to note 43 to the consolidated
      financial statements of this annual report.

(2)   The restricted shares under the Global Partner Program Share Scheme are subject to,
      amongst other vesting conditions, the vesting schedule of 50% on each of the first and
      second anniversaries of the date of grant. For further details, please refer to note 43 to
      the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

(3)   Participants are not required to pay for the acceptance of the restricted shares,
      and the restricted shares will be transferred to the participants upon vesting at nil
      consideration.

Details of the purpose, terms and movement of the restricted shares under the
Global Partner Program Share Scheme granted during the Reporting Period are set
out in the Company’s announcement dated March 23, 2022, June 10, 2022 and
November 28, 2022 and under note 43 to the consolidated financial statements in
this annual report. For more details of the Global Partner Program Share Scheme,
please refer to the Company’s announcement dated June 16, 2021.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Major Customers

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s sales to its five largest
customers accounted for 30.7%, as compared to 36.4% of the Group’s total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the Group’s sales to the
largest customer accounted for 11.2%, as compared to 14.8% of the Group’s total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021.

Major Suppliers

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group’s five largest suppliers
accounted for 34.2%, as compared to 46.5% of the Group’s total purchases for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The Group’s single largest supplier accounted for
13.6%, as compared to 18.3% of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended
December 31, 2021.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, none of the Directors or any of their
close associates or any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of the Directors,
own more than 5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any
interest in the Group’s five largest customers and suppliers.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   73
     Directors’ Report



     Relationship with Employees, Suppliers and Customers

     The Group recognises that employees, suppliers and customers are key to the
     Group’s success. The Group actively maintains a good relationship with employees,
     suppliers and customers. There was no material and significant dispute between
     the Group and its employees, suppliers and/or customers during the Reporting
     Period.

     Management Contracts

     During the Reporting Period, the Company has not entered into any contract with
     any individuals, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the whole or any
     substantial part of any business of the Group.

     Directors’ Permitted Indemnity Provision

     Each Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified
     out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may
     sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise
     in relation thereto in accordance with the Articles of Association. The Company
     has arranged appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage for
     the Directors and officers of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2022,
     which is still in force.

     Results and Dividends

     The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 112 to 113
     of this annual report. The Board does not recommended any payment of final
     dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022.

     Share Capital

     Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period
     are set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
     report.

     Reserves

     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the
     year are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 46 to
     the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders
     as at December 31, 2022 are set out in note 46 to the consolidated financial
     statements in this annual report.




74   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                Directors’ Report



Donations

During the Reporting Period, charitable and other donations made by the Group
amounted to RMB554,000 (2021: RMB12,112,000).

Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the
Reporting Period are set out in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in
this annual report.

Use of Net Proceeds from Placing

On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan
Stanley & Co. International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the
Placing Agent agreed to place 45,000,000 shares (or, failing which, to purchase
itself as principal) on a fully underwritten basis to not less than six independent
investors (the “Third Placing”). The Third Placing price was HK$137.00 per share.

The net proceeds from the Third Placing were approximately RMB5,545.8 million,
which have been used for continuous global capacity growth of the Group,
including the construction of commercial manufacturing facilities in the United
States for projects involving COVID-19 treatments and other related CDMO
projects, acquisition of manufacturing facilities outside of the PRC and
development of microbial facilities in the PRC, as well as for general corporate
purposes of the Group, as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated
June 30, 2020. By the end of December 2022, the net proceeds have been fully
utilized.

On February 2, 2021, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the
Placing Agent, pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed to place 118,000,000
shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully underwritten
basis to not less than six independent investors (the “Fourth Placing”). The Fourth
Placing price was HK$112.00 per share. The closing price was HK$120.40 per share
as quoted on the Stock Exchange on the date of the placing agreement.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   75
     Directors’ Report



     The net proceeds from the Fourth Placing were approximately RMB10,899.0 million,
     which will be used in the following manner: (i) approximately 40% will be used for
     merger and acquisition of additional capacities for drug substances/drug products
     (DS/DP) manufacturing to match a rapidly growing pipeline; (ii) approximately 40%
     will be used for building-up of additional large scale manufacturing capacities for
     various technology platforms, including microbial and mammalian platforms; (iii)
     approximately 10% will be used for investment in mRNA (messenger RNA) related
     technologies to further enable its global clients; and (iv) approximately 10% shall
     be used for general corporate purposes of the Group. The table below sets out the
     planned applications of the net proceeds and actual usage up to December 31,
     2022:

                                                                                                                          Expected
                                                                                   Net proceeds                          timeframe
                                                                        Actual           brought Unutilized net        for utilizing
                                                   Percentage      usage up to        forward for proceeds as at     the remaining
                                       Planned     of total net   December 31,     the Reporting December 31,        unutilized net
     Use of proceeds               applications      proceeds            2022             Period           2022         proceeds(1)
                                   (RMB million)                   (RMB million)     (RMB million)   (RMB million)

     Merger and acquisition of
         additional capacities
         for drug substances/
         drug products (DS/DP)                                                                                        By the end of
         manufacturing                  4,359.6            40%           3,550.6         1,197.5            809.0             2023
     Building-up of additional
         large scale
         manufacturing
         capacities for various
         technology platforms,
         including microbial and                                                                                      By the end of
         mammalian platforms            4,359.6            40%           4,098.1         4,359.6            261.5             2023
     Investment in mRNA
         related                                                                                                      By the end of
         technologies                   1,089.9            10%              24.8         1,089.9           1,065.1            2023
     General corporate purposes
         of the Group                   1,089.9            10%           1,089.9              —                 —               N/A

     Total                            10,899.0           100%           8,763.4          6,647.0          2,135.6

     Note:

     (1)     The expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best
              estimation of the future market conditions made by the Group. It will be subject to
              change based on the current and future development of market conditions.




76   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                Directors’ Report



Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company

During the Reporting Period, the Company had repurchased, a total of 61,156,500
Shares on the Stock Exchange at an aggregate purchase price of approximately
HK$3,170.98 million. The repurchased Shares had been cancelled by the Company.

The financial position of the Company is solid and healthy. The Company believes
the share repurchase and subsequent cancellation of the repurchased Shares will
not only enhance the value of the Shares, thereby improving the return to the
Shareholders, but also reduce the impact of the potential dilutive effects on the
Company’s shareholdings from the Group’s various equity incentive schemes. In
addition, the share repurchase reflects the confidence of the Company in its
business development and the strong growth prospects. The Company believes
that the share repurchase is in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders
as a whole.

Details of the Shares repurchased during the Reporting Period are set out as
follows:

                               Number of
                                  Shares
                             repurchased                                      Aggregate
                             on the Stock     Price per Share paid             purchase
Month of repurchases            Exchange       Highest         Lowest              price
                                                  (HK$)           (HK$)      (HK$ million)

January 2022                   10,435,500         82.90            78.45           842.67
September 2022                  1,500,000         47.80            47.15            71.21
October 2022                   49,221,000         50.45            38.20         2,257.10

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during the
Reporting Period.

Arrangement to Purchase Shares or Debentures

Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, at no time during the year ended
December 31, 2022 did the Company or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries
or fellow subsidiaries a part to any arrangements that would enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the
Company or any other body corporate.

Equity-Linked Agreements

Save for the share incentive arrangements as disclosed in the Director’s Report of
this annual report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company,
or existed during the Reporting Period.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   77
     Directors’ Report



     AGM AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

     The AGM will be held on Thursday, June 15, 2023. A notice convening the AGM is
     expected to be published and despatched to the Shareholders in due course in
     accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

     For determining the qualification as members of the Company to attend and vote
     at the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday,
     June 12, 2023 to Thursday, June 15, 2023, both dates inclusive, during which
     period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and
     vote at the AGM, non-registered holders of Shares shall ensure that all transfer
     documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
     the Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
     at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong for registration not
     later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, June 9, 2023.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     A report on the principle corporate governance practices adopted by the Company
     is set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 80 to 105 of this annual
     report.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

     For the Reporting Period, the Company is in compliance with the relevant laws and
     regulations that have a significant impact on the Company.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the
     Directors, the Company maintained the prescribed public float as required under
     the Listing Rules from the Listing Date to the latest practicable date prior to the
     issue of this annual report.

     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the
     Shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s listed securities.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or
     the relevant laws of the Cayman Islands where the Company is incorporated which
     would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing
     Shareholders.




78   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                               Directors’ Report



AUDITOR

The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the
Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu has
been engaged as the Company’s auditor for six consecutive years since the listing
of the Company on the Stock Exchange. A resolution will be proposed for approval
by Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
as the auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Ge Li
Chairman
Hong Kong, March 22, 2023




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   79
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year
     ended December 31, 2022.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE

     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance
     with high ethical standards. This reflects its belief that, in the achievement of
     its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency and
     accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will
     be maximised in the long term and that its employees, those with whom it does
     business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.

     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management
     of the Group to conduct its affairs with a view to ensuring that its objectives are
     met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate
     governance practices that are intended to ensure:

     —    satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;

     —    that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;

     —    that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;

     —    the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of
          customers; and

     —    that high standards of ethics are maintained.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards.

     The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in
     providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders,
     enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
     enhance its transparency and accountability.

     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions in Part 2 of the CG
     Code as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance practices.

     The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code
     provisions as set out in the CG Code throughout the Reporting Period. The Board
     will review the corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and
     shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.




80   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                       Corporate Governance Report



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines on terms no less exacting than
the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of
conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Written Guidelines
throughout the Reporting Period.

The Company has also established the Guidelines for Securities Transactions by
Employees (the “Employees’ Written Guidelines”) on terms no less exacting than
the Model Code for securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in
possession of inside information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of
the Employees’ Written Guidelines by the employees was noted by the Company.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be collectively
responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the
Company’s affairs. Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the
Company.

The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business and regularly reviews
the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to
the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time in performing
them that are commensurate with their role and the Board responsibilities. The
Board includes a balanced composition of Executive Directors and Non-executive
Directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong
independent element on the Board, which can effectively exercise independent
judgement.

The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

Executive Directors

Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

Non-executive Directors

Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
Dr. Ning Zhao
Mr. Yibing Wu
Mr. Yanling Cao




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   81
     Corporate Governance Report



     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. William Robert Keller
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III

     The biographical information of the Directors are set out in the section headed
     “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 46 to 51 of this annual report.

     Except for Dr. Ge Li is the spouse of Dr. Ning Zhao, the Directors do not have
     financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships with one
     another.

     Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records

     Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active
     participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a
     majority of Directors.

     Code provision of the CG Code requires that the Chairman of the Board should at
     least annually hold meetings with independent non-executive Directors without the
     presence of other directors. Arrangements have been made for compliance with
     the code provision and four meetings were held during the Reporting Period.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board held five meetings and the Directors’
     attendance records are as follows:

     Names of Directors                                                    Attendance

     Dr. Ge Li                                                                       5/5
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                               5/5
     Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                               5/5
     Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                   4/5
     Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                   4/5
     Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                 5/5
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                       5/5
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (passed away on November 24, 2022)                    5/5
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                 5/5

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Dr. Ge Li and Dr.
     Zhisheng Chen respectively. The Chairman provides leadership and is responsible
     for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board as well as provides overall
     guidance on the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group.
     The Chief Executive Officer focuses on the overall management of the business,
     strategy and corporate development of the Group.




82   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



Independent Non-executive Directors

Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules require every board of directors of a
listed issuer must include at least three independent non-executive directors and
at least one of the independent non-executive directors must have appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise. Rule 3.10A of the Listing Rules requires an issuer must appoint
independent non-executive directors representing at least one-third of the board.

During the Reporting Period, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, who has appropriate
professional qualifications, passed away on November 24, 2022. Following the
aforesaid passing away of Mr. Kwauk, the Company has two independent non-
executive Directors, less than one-third of the Board.

The Board will use its best endeavours to appoint a suitable candidate to fill the
vacancy of independent non-executive Director who shall possess the appropriate
professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise
in accordance with the Listing Rules.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the
independent non-executive Directors in respect of his independence in accordance
with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are
independent.

Board Independence Evaluation

The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism during
the Reporting Period which sets out the processes and procedures to ensure a
strong independent element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively
exercises independent judgment to better safeguard shareholders’ interests.

The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximise
strengths, and identify the areas that need improvement or further development.
The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be
taken to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing
individual training and development needs of each Director.

Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct
annual review on its independence. The Board Independence Evaluation Report will
be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action
plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the Reporting Period, the Directors has completed the independence
evaluation questionnaire. The Board Independence Evaluation Report was
presented to the Board and the evaluation results were satisfactory.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   83
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Board reviewed the implementation and
     effectiveness of the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism and the results
     were satisfactory.

     Appointment and Re-election of Directors

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a director’s service agreement for a specific
     term of three years, which is renewable by mutual consent and subject to the
     Articles of Association of the Company.

     Every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject
     to retirement and re-election by rotation at least once every three years at the
     annual general meetings of the Company under the Articles of Association of the
     Company.

     The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to
     fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall be subject to election by
     shareholders at the next following general meeting of the Company.

     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and
     Management

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company;
     and is collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides
     direction to management by laying down strategies and overseeing their
     implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
     approves and monitors all notifiable and connected transactions of the Group in
     accordance with the Listing Rules, and ensures that sound internal control and risk
     management systems are in place.

     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
     Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience,
     knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
     functioning.

     The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high
     standard of regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the
     Board for bringing effective independent judgment on corporate actions and
     operations.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company
     and may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate
     circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the
     Company.




84   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters,
strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management, material
transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters
of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board,
directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of the Company
are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to
effectively perform their responsibilities and to ensure that they remain informed
and relevant for their contribution to the Board.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored
induction on the first occasion of his/her appointment to ensure appropriate
understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness
of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant
statutory requirements. Besides, meetings with senior management of the
Company will also be arranged.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings
for Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be
provided to Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend
relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.

During the Reporting Period, the Company organized training sessions conducted
by the legal advisers for all Directors. The training sessions covered a wide
range of relevant topics including Listing Rules and regulatory updates and
anti-corruption policy. In addition, relevant reading materials including legal and
regulatory updates have been provided to the Directors for their reference and
studying.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   85
     Corporate Governance Report



     The training records of the Directors for the Reporting Period are summarized as
     follows:

     Directors                                                     Type of TrainingNote

     Executive Directors
     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                            A&B
     Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                            A&B

     Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Ge Li                                                                    A&B
     Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                A&B
     Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                A&B
     Mr. Yanling Cao                                                              A&B

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                    A&B
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
       (passed away on November 24, 2022)                                         A&B
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                              A&B

     Note:

     Types of Training

     A:   Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars,
          conferences and/or workshops

     B:   Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and/or relevant
          publications


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established five committees, namely, the Audit Committee,
     Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, Strategy Committee, and
     Environmental, Social and Governance Committee for overseeing particular aspects
     of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established
     with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and
     duties. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee
     and Nomination Committee are posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX
     and are available to shareholders upon request.




86   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                      Corporate Governance Report



Audit Committee

Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules requires the Audit Committee to comprise
non-executive directors only, with a minimum of three members with independent
non-executive directors in majority and at least one independent non-executive
director with appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise.

During the Reporting Period, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, the chairman of the
Audit Committee, passed away on November 24, 2022. Following the passing
away of Mr. Kwauk, the Audit Committee comprises only two members, Mr. William
Robert Keller and Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III. The Board is in the process of
identifying a suitable replacement for the aforesaid office.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms
than those set out in the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are
to assist the Board in reviewing the Company’s financial information, overseeing
the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control
systems, reviewing and monitoring the effectiveness of the internal audit
function, scope of audit and appointment of external auditors, reviewing the
arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns about
possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
Company, and managing business ethics and anti-corruption issues and ensuring
that they comply with applicable laws, regulations, regulatory requirements, and
international standards.

The Audit Committee is also responsible for performing the functions set out in
code provision in Part 2 of the CG Code. These include developing and reviewing
the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
recommendations to the Board; reviewing and monitoring the training and
continuous professional development of Directors and senior management of
the Company; reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices
on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; developing, reviewing
and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable
to employees and directors of the Company; and reviewing the Company’s
compliance with the CG Code from time to time adopted by the Company and the
disclosure in the corporate governance report to be contained in the Company’s
annual report.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   87
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings to review
     and consider annual financial results and report and corporate governance report
     in respect of the year ended December 31, 2021, the interim financial results
     and report in respect of the six months ended June 30, 2022, and significant
     issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the
     effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal
     audit function, appointment of external auditors and engagement of non-audit
     services and relevant scope of works, connected transactions, the reported case
     and investigation progress in accordance with the Whistleblowing & Investigation
     Policy, and evaluate and assess the adequacy of the terms of reference of the
     Audit Committee.

     The Audit Committee also met the external auditors once during the Reporting
     Period without the presence of the executive Directors and the management.

     The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

     Names of Members of the Audit Committee                               Attendance

     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
      (passed away on November 24, 2022)                                            4/4
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                      4/4
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                4/4

     Remuneration Committee

     The Remuneration Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors
     and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. William Robert Keller, Dr. Ning Zhao
     and Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III, with Mr. William Robert Keller as its chairman.

     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting
     terms than those set out in the CG Code. The primary functions of the
     Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior management,
     the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior management,
     establishing a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration
     policy and ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in
     deciding his/her own remuneration.

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held four meetings
     to review and make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration policy
     and structure of the Company, the remuneration packages of the executive
     Directors, non-executive Directors and senior management, evaluate and assess
     the adequacy of the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee and
     other related matters as well as consider the grant of restricted shares under the
     Restricted Share Award Scheme and Global Partner Program Share Scheme.




88   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



Pursuant to code provision in Part 2 of the CG Code, details of the remuneration
of the senior management (other than Directors) by bands for the year ended
December 31, 2022 is as follows:

                                                                           Number of
                                                                           employees

HKD30,000,001 to HKD40,000,000                                                          1
HKD20,000,001 to HKD30,000,000                                                          1
HKD10,000,001 to HKD20,000,000                                                          4
HKD5,000,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                           1

The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as
follows:

Names of Members of the Remuneration Committee                            Attendance

Mr. William Robert Keller                                                            4/4
Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                        3/4
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                                      4/4

The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration
offered to employees, including Directors and senior management, is based
on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs.
The remuneration packages of executive Directors are also determined with
reference to the Company’s performance, the prevailing market conditions and
the performance of each executive Director. The remuneration for the executive
Directors comprises basic salary and discretionary bonus. Executive Directors shall
receive restricted shares to be granted under the Company’s Restricted Share
Award Scheme and Global Partner Program Share Scheme. The remuneration
policy for non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is to
ensure that non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are
adequately compensated for their efforts and time dedicated to the Company’s
affairs, including their participation in Board committees. The remuneration for
the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors mainly
comprises Director’s fee which is determined with reference to the prevailing
market conditions, their performance, time commitment and responsibilities with
the Company. Individual Directors and senior management have not been involved
in deciding their own remuneration.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   89
     Corporate Governance Report



     Nomination Committee

     Rule 3.27A of the Listing Rules requires an issuer to establish a Nomination
     Committee chaired by the Chairman of the Board or an independent non-executive
     Director and comprising a majority of independent non-executive Directors.

     During the Reporting Period, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, an independent
     non-executive Director and a member of the Nomination Committee passed away
     on November 24, 2022. Following the passing away of Mr. Kwauk, the Nomination
     Committee comprises only two members. The Board is in the process of identifying
     a suitable replacement for the aforesaid office.

     The Nomination Committee currently consists of one non-executive Director and
     one independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Ge Li and Mr. William Robert
     Keller, with Dr. Ge Li as its chairman.

     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting
     terms than those set out in the CG Code. The principal duties of the Nomination
     Committee include reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the
     skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board, identifying individuals suitably
     qualified to become Board members and selecting or making recommendation
     to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorship, making
     recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment and
     succession planning of Directors, and assessing the independence of independent
     non-executive Directors.

     In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into
     account various aspects as well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out
     in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss
     and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where
     necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

     In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination
     Committee would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the
     Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate
     strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making
     recommendation to the Board.

     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met once to review the
     structure, size and composition of the Board, to consider the qualifications of the
     retiring directors standing for election at the 2022 annual general meeting, and
     evaluate and assess the adequacy of the terms of reference of the Nomination
     Committee.




90   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as
follows:

Names of Members of the Nomination Committee                               Attendance

Dr. Ge Li                                                                             1/1
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                             1/1
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
  (passed away on November 24, 2022)                                                  1/1

Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to
achieve diversity on the Board and is available on the website of the Company.
The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and
sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining
the Company’s competitive advantage.

In accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, a truly diverse Board will include
and make good use of differences in the skills, regional and industry experience,
background, race, gender and other qualities of directors. These differences will be
taken into account in determining the optimum composition of the Board. All Board
appointments will be based on merit while taking into account diversity (including
gender diversity).

The Company aims to build and maintain a Board with a diversity of Directors,
in terms of skills, professional experience, educational background, knowledge,
expertise, culture, independence, age and gender.

The Board will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board
Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their
appropriateness and ascertain the progress made towards achieving those
objectives.

At present, the Nomination Committee considered that the Board is sufficiently
diverse and the Board has not set any measurable objectives.

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the corporate governance report
contained in the Company’s annual report, on the Board’s composition under
diversified perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity
Policy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to
ensure its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that
may be required, and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration
and approval.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   91
     Corporate Governance Report



     The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board:

      GęðµÂĈ øÍ ×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ

      Ǎ
            /ò½ÂĄÂò½Âòē       %Âð©êÂ          ǌǊʍǍǉ
                 òøòʍ
      ǌ
              ÂįÂ·ęē×ĩÂ
              ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ

      ǋ
                                                               ǋʍǎ             YÔȒȒ
                                                                              ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
      Ǌ                                                                                   YÔ©Ĉð©·Âęē×·©ê
                                              ǊǊʍǋǉ
                Gøòʍ
      ǉ      ÂįÂ·ęē×ĩÂ
             ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ        E©êÂ

      ǈ
                                                               ǈʍǋ            E©ČēÂĈʡČ
                                                                              ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
      Ǉ
                                              ǉǊʍǊǉ                                        /òĩÂČēðÂòē
      ǆ      įÂ·ęē×ĩÂ                                      êÂČČ ēÔ©ò        ©·ÔÂêøĈʡČ
             ½×ĈÂ·ēøĈČ                                       ǈ İÂ©ĈČ          ½ÂÏĈÂÂ
                                              ǈǊʍǉǉ
      ǅ
           ÂČ×Ïò©ē×øò        'Âò½ÂĈ        ÏÂ'ĈøęĄ   ?ÂòÏēÔ øÍ aÂĈĩ×·Â   ½ę·©ē×øò©ê     /ò½ęČēĈİ
                                                                            ©·çÏĈøęò½     įĄÂĈ×Âò·Â



     Gender Diversity

     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following
     table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group, including the Board
     and senior management as at December 31, 2022:

                                                                            Female                  Male

     Board                                                                    12.5%                87.5%

     Senior Management (as listed in the
     “Directors and Senior Management” section)                                    0%              100%

     Other employees                                                             53%                 47%

     Overall workforce                                                           53%                 47%


     The Board considers that the above current gender diversity is satisfactory.

     The Board will continue, taking into account the business needs of the Company
     and changes from time to time that may affect the Company’s business plans,
     to ensure the gender diversity when recruiting staff at senior level, so that the
     qualified female senior management and potential successors may join the Board
     in due course to ensure gender diversity of the Board. The Company will continue
     to focus on training talent in different gender and providing long-term development
     opportunities for different gender.


92   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                            Corporate Governance Report



Director Nomination Policy

The Board has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the approach
to guide the Nomination Committee in relation to the selection, appointment
and re-appointment of the Directors and ensure that the Board has a balance
of skills, experience, knowledge and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
requirements of the Company’s business.

The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:

a)   The Nomination Committee may adopt any procedures and process it deems
     appropriate in identifying or selecting suitable candidates and evaluating the
     suitability of the candidates;

b)   Upon considering a candidate suitability for the directorship, the Nomination
     Committee will hold a meeting and/or by way of written resolutions to, if
     thought fit, approve the recommendation to the Board for appointment;

c)   The Nomination Committee will provide the relevant information of the
     selected candidate to the Remuneration Committee for consideration of
     remuneration package of such selected candidate;

d)   The Nomination Committee will thereafter make the recommendation to the
     Board in relation to the proposed appointment, and where a non-executive
     D i r e c t o r i s c o n s i d e r e d, t h e R e m u n e r a t i o n C o m m i t t e e w i l l m a k e t h e
     recommendation to the Board on the proposed remuneration package;

e)   The Board will thereafter deliberate and decide the appointment as the case
     may be; and

f)   Upon Directors’ appointment, relevant documents shall be duly filed with
     registration offices and other authorities including but not limited to the
     Companies Registry of the Cayman Islands and Hong Kong.




                                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022          93
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for assessing the suitability and
     the potential contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not
     limited to the following:

     •    Diversity required for the operation of the Company;

     •    Commitment for responsibilities of the Board in respect of available time and
          relevant interest;

     •    Skills, qualification and experiences;

     •    Independence from the Company and its subsidiaries;

     •    Reputation for integrity;

     •    Potential contributions that the individual(s) can bring to the Board; and

     •    Plan(s) in place for the orderly succession of the Board.

     The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the criteria for evaluation and
     recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of retiring Director(s) and the
     position(s) of the independent non-executive Directors.

     During the Reporting Period, except for Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk passed away
     on November 24, 2022, there was no change in the composition of the Board.

     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as
     appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.

     Strategy Committee

     The Strategy Committee consists of two executive Directors, two non-executive
     Directors, two independent non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Zhisheng Chen, Dr.
     Weichang Zhou, Dr. Ge Li, Mr. Yibing Wu, Mr. William Robert Keller and Mr. Kenneth
     Walton Hitchner III, with Dr. Zhisheng Chen as its chairman.

     The principal duties of the Strategy Committee include conducting research and
     making recommendations to the Board on the Group’s mid-term and long-term
     strategies and their feasibility, conducting research and making recommendations
     to the Board on the Group’s investment plans, major business decisions and
     investment earnings forecast and evaluating and monitoring the implementation of
     the strategy, plans and measures adopted by the Strategy Committee.

     During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee met once to review and
     consider the implementation of the “Follow and Win the Molecule” strategies,
     global footprint and mergers and acquisitions strategy.




94   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



The attendance records of the members of the Strategy Committee are as follows:

Names of Members of the Strategy Committee                                 Attendance

Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                     1/1
Dr. Ge Li                                                                             1/1
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                         1/1
Dr. Weichang Zhou (appointed on August 17, 2022)                                      N/A
Mr. William Robert Keller (appointed on November 23, 2022)                            N/A
Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III (appointed on November 23, 2022)                      N/A

Environmental, Social and Governance Committee

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG Committee”) consists
of one executive Director, one non-executive Director and two independent
non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Zhisheng Chen, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Kenneth
Walton Hitchner III and Mr. William Robert Keller, with Dr. Zhisheng Chen as its
chairman.

The principal duties of the ESG Committee include but not limited to:

•   guiding and formulating the Group’s environmental, social and governance
    (“ESG”) vision, objectives, strategies and structure to ensure that they are in
    line with the needs of the Group and comply with applicable laws, regulations,
    regulatory requirements and international standards;

•   monitoring the development and implementation of the Group’s ESG vision,
    strategies, policies and governance structure;

•   guiding and reviewing the identification and ranking of important ESG issues
    and assessing ESG targets of the Group on an annual basis;

•   reviewing the key ESG trends and related risks and opportunities, and
    assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group’s ESG strategies,
    policies, action plans, and governance structure accordingly on a regular basis;

•   monitoring the channels and means of communication with the Group’s
    stakeholders and ensuring that the relevant policies are in place to effectively
    promote the relationship between the Group and its stakeholders and protect
    the Group’s reputation; and

•   reviewing the Company’s ESG report and other ESG related disclosures, and
    making recommendations and reporting on ESG progresses to the Board, so as
    to promote the continuous improvement of the ESG performance of the Group.

During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee met once to review the Company’s
ESG practice, carbon taskforce updates and ESG policy and targets updates.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   95
     Corporate Governance Report



     The attendance records of the members of the ESG Committee are as follows:

     Names of Members of the ESG Committee                                 Attendance

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                            1/1
     Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                1/1
     Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                              1/1
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                    1/1

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal
     control systems and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives,
     and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.

     The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature
     and extent of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Group’s strategic
     objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk
     management and internal control systems.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing
     the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal
     control systems.

     The Company has developed its risk management mechanism to:

     •    Support effective decision-making that is guided by the Group’s mission and
          vision;

     •    Ensure a consistent and effective approach to risk management;

     •    Formalize its commitment to the principles of risk management and
          incorporate them into all areas of the Group;

     •    Foster and encourage a risk-aware culture where risk management is seen as
          a positive attribute of decision-making rather than a corrective measure;

     •    Align the Group’s planning, compliance and risk management systems, and
          their integration into all areas of the Group’s operations; and

     •    Ensure robust operational and corporate governance practices to effectively
          manage risk while allowing innovation and sustainable growth.




96   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    Corporate Governance Report



The Company is committed to excellence and continual improvement, and will
continue to encourage innovation while maintaining a low-risk profile. Employees
are encouraged to adopt a positive approach to risk management, which further
strengthens the risk-aware culture (as opposed to risk-adverse culture) of the
Group.

Risk management is incorporated into the strategic and operational processes at
all levels within the Group in order to minimize the impact of risk.

Opportunities and risks are identified and are proactively assessed and monitored
by employees on an on-going basis.

The Group’s approach to risk management, is aligned with COSO Enterprise Risk
Management Framework-Aligning Risk with Strategy and Performance.

In order to formalize risk management across the Group and in order to set a
common level of transparency and risk management performance, a number
of requirements have been defined for the business units. Divisions, business
units and group functions of the Group are obliged to address the following
requirements with regard to risk management:

•   Develop and review, at least annually, a statement on the risk tolerance of the
    Group;

•   Conduct a formalized risk assessment at least annually either in the form of
    risk assessment questionnaire or risk assessment workshop, which is to include
    the identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of all key
    risks that could potentially affect the Company’s objectives;

•   Report annually on the key risks as identified in the Group’s risk reporting
    formats;

•   Continuously monitor key risks and controls and implement appropriate risk
    responses where necessary;

•   Formalize responsibilities for managing risk and for sustaining the Group’s risk
    management framework;

•   Monitor and review the application of the risk management framework.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   97
     Corporate Governance Report



     The internal control system of the Group is built up on a clear organization
     structure and management duties, a set of standardized policies and procedures,
     a sound accounting system, continuing training to employees, and independent
     review and oversight of operation and financial controls by internal audit
     department of the Company (the “Internal Audit Department”). The Company
     has formulated code of conduct for all employees which ensures their ethical
     value and competency. The Company attaches great importance to the prevention
     of fraud and has formulated its internal reporting system, which encourages
     anonymous reporting of situations where internal employees or external customers
     and suppliers have breached the rules. The Company has set up the policy
     regulating the handling and dissemination of inside information, which has clearly
     defined the scope of inside information, the roles and responsibilities, the reporting
     and disclosure requirements, the registration of insiders and confidentiality
     management. It has also clearly regulated the punishment if the policy is violated.
     The Company has adopted Written Guidelines and Employees’ Written Guidelines
     for security transactions. The Company has also promulgated the Conflict of
     Interest Management Policy which sets guidelines in consultation, judgment,
     declaration and addressing conflict of interest.

     The Internal Audit Department plays a vital role in supporting the Board and
     the management with the risk management and internal control systems. The
     functions of the Internal Audit Department are independent of the Company’s
     business operations, and play an important role in the monitoring of the Group’s
     internal management. The Internal Audit Department is responsible for internal
     controls assessment of the Group at least annually, and provides an objective
     assurance to the Audit Committee and the Board that the risk management and
     internal control systems are maintained and operated by the management in
     compliance with agreed processes and standards on a risk-based approach.

     The Internal Audit Department regularly reports the internal audit results to the
     Audit Committee on a quarterly basis per year, which are then reported to the
     Board through the Audit Committee.

     The Internal Audit Department is also responsible for performing independent
     review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal
     control systems. The Board has reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the
     internal audit function and the review result is satisfactory.

     The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on
     the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems for the
     Reporting Period. The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the
     management report and the internal audit findings, reviewed the risk management
     and internal control systems of the Group, including the financial, operational and
     compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems
     are effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial reporting
     and staff qualifications, experience and relevant resources.




98   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Group to raise, in
confidence, concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal
control or other matters of the Group.

The Company has in place the Whistleblowing & Investigation Policy for employees
of the Company and those who deal with the Company to raise concerns, in
confidence and anonymity, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties
in any matters related to the Company. The Whistleblowing & Investigation Policy
is available on the website of the Company.

The Company has also in place the Anti-Corruption Policy to safeguard against
corruption and bribery within the Company. The Company has an internal reporting
channel that is open and available for employees of the Company to report any
suspected corruption and bribery. Employees can also make anonymous reports to
the internal audit department, which is responsible for investigating the reported
incidents and taking appropriate measures. The Company continues to carry
out anti-corruption and anti-bribery activities to cultivate a culture of integrity,
and actively organizes anti-corruption training and inspections to ensure the
effectiveness of anti-corruption and anti-bribery. The Anti-Corruption Policy is
available on the website of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company held two anti-corruption trainings to all
employees. There were no material non-compliance cases in relation to bribery and
corruption.

The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide
to the Directors, officers, senior management and relevant employees in handling
confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and responding to
enquiries.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial
statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the
International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied
consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards
and interpretation.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or
conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditors of the Company about their reporting
responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report on pages 109 to 111 of this annual report.

                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   99
      Corporate Governance Report



      AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

      An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the
      Company in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended
      December 31, 2022 is set out below:

                                                                              Fees Paid/
      Service Category                                                          Payable
                                                                                RMB’000

      Audit Services                                                                4,961
      Non-audit Services
      – Interim Review                                                              1,384

      Total                                                                         6,345


      JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

      Mr. Huang Yue and Ms. Sham Ying Man are the joint company secretaries of the
      Company.

      Ms. Sham Ying Man is a manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited,
      a global professional services provider specializing in integrated Business,
      Corporate and Investor Services. The primary contact person at the Company is Mr.
      Huang Yue, joint company secretary of the Company and the Executive Director of
      the Secretary Office to the Board.

      The joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required
      under the Listing Rules for the year ended December 31, 2022 to update their skills
      and knowledge.

      SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

      To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be
      proposed for each substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the
      election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will
      be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on
      the websites of the Company and HKEX after each general meeting.




100   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association of the Company, extraordinary
general meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any two or
more members, or by any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its
nominee), deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong specifying
the objects of the meeting and signed by the requisitionist(s), provided that such
requisitionist(s) held as at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than
one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting
at general meetings of the Company.

Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

There are no provisions in the Company’s Articles of Association or the Cayman
Islands Companies Law for shareholders to move new resolutions at general
meetings. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company
to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the
preceding paragraph. As regards proposing a person for election as a director of
the Company, please refer to the “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person
for Election as a Director” of the Company which is posted on the Company’s
website.

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, shareholders may
send written enquiries to the Company. The Company will not normally deal with
verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Contact Details

Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the
following:

Address:        No. 5, 800 Lane, Qifan Road, Pudong, Shanghai, China
                (For the attention of the board secretary office)
Fax:            86 (21) 50461000

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly
signed written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to
the above address and provide their full name, contact details and identification
in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as
required by law.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   101
      Corporate Governance Report



      COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

      The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is
      essential for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the
      Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to
      maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual
      general meetings and other general meetings. At the annual general meeting,
      directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet shareholders
      and answer their enquiries.

      The attendance records of Directors at the annual general meeting held during the
      Reporting Period are as follows:

      Names of Directors                                                  Attendance

      Dr. Ge Li                                                                    1/1
      Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                            1/1
      Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                            1/1
      Dr. Ning Zhao                                                                0/1
      Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                1/1
      Mr. Yanling Cao                                                              0/1
      Mr. William Robert Keller                                                    1/1
      Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (Passed away on November 24, 2022)                 1/1
      Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III                                              0/1

      The independent non-executive Directors and non-executive Directors have
      attended general meeting of the Company to gain and develop a balanced
      understanding of the view of the Shareholders.

      The Company maintains a website at www.wuxibiologics.com as a communication
      platform with shareholders of the Company and investors, where the financial
      information and other relevant information of the Company are available for public
      access.

      Constitutional Documents

      During the Reporting Period, the Company has amended its Memorandum and
      Articles of Association. Details of the amendments are set out in the circular
      dated May 18, 2022 to the shareholders. An up-to-date version of the Company’s
      Memorandum and Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the
      Company and HKEX.




102   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Corporate Governance Report



Policies relating to Shareholders

The Company has in place a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure
that Shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed. The policy
aims at promoting effective communication with Shareholders and other
stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the Company
and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively.
The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders’
communication policy and the results were satisfactory.

The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going
dialogue with its Shareholders as follows:

(a) Means of Communication

    Shareholders’ Enquires

    Shareholders shall direct their questions about their shareholdings to the
    Company’s Hong Kong share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited.

    Shareholders and the investment community may at any time contact either
    the Company’s investor relations department or the company secretary to
    enquire about the information published by the Company.

    Corporate Communication

    Corporate communication (as defined in the Listing Rules) shall be provided
    to shareholders in plain language and in both English and Chinese versions to
    facilitate Shareholders’ understanding.

    Shareholders have the right to choose the languages (either English and/or
    Chinese) or means of receipt of the corporate communication (in hard copy or
    through electronic means).

    Shareholders are encouraged to provide, among other things, in particular,
    their email addresses to the Company through the Company’s Hong Kong
    share registrar in order to ensure the receipt of the information published by
    the Company in a timely manner.

    Relevant Websites

    Disclosures made by the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules are available
    on the website of HKEX.

    A dedicated “Investors” section is available on the Company’s website.
    Information on the Company’s website is updated on a regular basis.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   103
      Corporate Governance Report



           Information uploaded by the Company to the HKEX’s website is also posted
           on the Company’s website immediately thereafter. Such information includes
           announcements, annual report, interim report, circulars and notices of general
           meetings and other documents.

           All press releases will be made available on the Company’s website.

           Shareholders’ General Meetings

           Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings (including
           annual general meetings) or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at such
           meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend such meetings.

           Appropriate arrangements for the annual general meetings will be in place to
           encourage Shareholders’ participation.

           The process of the Company’s general meeting shall be monitored and
           reviewed on a regular basis, and, if necessary, changes be made to ensure
           that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

           Board members, in particular, the Chairman of the Board, the chairmen of
           Board committees or their delegates, appropriate management executives and
           external auditors and such other person as the Board deems appropriate shall
           attend annual general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.

           Shareholders are encouraged to attend Shareholders’ activities organized
           by the Company, where information about the Company, including its latest
           strategic plan, products, services and etc. will be communicated.

           Investment Market Communications

           The Company, depending on its need, will arrange, without limitation, investor/
           analysts briefings and group/one-on-one meetings, roadshows (both domestic
           and international) and media interviews, and participate in marketing activities
           and forums for specialists and etc. on a regular basis in order to facilitate
           communication between the Company, Shareholders and the investment
           community.




104   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                    Corporate Governance Report



(b) Shareholder Privacy

    The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not
    disclose Shareholders’ information without their consent, unless required by
    law to do so.

The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends which aims to set out
the principles and guidelines that the Company intends to apply in relation to the
declaration and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision of the CG Code
that has become effective from January 1, 2019.

The Board has adopted a dividend policy in which the Company may declare
dividends in any currency in general meeting but no dividends shall exceed the
amount recommended by the Board, subject to the Companies Law of the Cayman
Islands and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company. Based
on the financial results for the Reporting Period and the current cash flow and
working capital projections, the Board believes that it will not be advisable to
make a distribution for the Reporting Period and the following one year, given
considerable requirements of capital expenditure for business expansion. The
Board will continue to review its financial position from time to time, and decide
whether it would be in the interest of the Company and its shareholders to make
any distribution.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   105
      Independent Auditor’s Report



                                        

      TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF WUXI BIOLOGICS (CAYMAN) INC.
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of WuXi Biologics (Cayman)
      Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”)
      set out on pages 112 to 283, which comprise the consolidated statement of
      financial position as at December 31, 2022, and the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
      in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and
      notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
      accounting policies.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of
      the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and
      of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
      year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
      (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and
      have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing
      (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
      section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
      HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have
      fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe
      that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
      basis for our opinion.

      Key Audit Matters

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were
      of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the
      current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
      and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




106   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Independent Auditor’s Report



                                         How our audit addressed
Key audit matter                         the key audit matter

Revenue recognition for research services on fee-for-service (“FFS”) basis and
commercial manufacturing organization (“CMO”) included in sales of goods

As disclosed in Note 5 to the            Our procedures in relation to the revenue
consolidated financial statements,       recognition for research services on FFS
for the year ended December 31,          basis and sales of goods on CMO basis
2022, revenue of the Group in total      included:
was RMB15,269 million, of which
RMB14,742 million was derived            •    Understanding key controls related
from research services on FFS basis           to occurrence and cut-off assertions
and sales of goods on CMO basis               of revenue recognition for research
representing 96.5% total revenue.             services on FFS basis and sales of
                                              goods on CMO basis and evaluating
The management of the Group                   the design and implementation and
identified performance obligations            operating effectiveness of these
in the contracts with customers and           controls;
recognized revenue when control
of the goods or services underlying      •    Inquiring the management of the
the particular performance                    Group and examining the contract
obligation is transferred to the              terms of for FFS basis and CMO
customers. To a certain degree the            basis, on sampling basis, to
identification and measurement of             evaluate the appropriateness of the
different components as distinct              identification of each performance
performance obligations were subject          obligation and the timing of revenue
to management’s judgement and                 recognition determined by the
interpretation on the terms of the            management in accordance with
contracts, which gave rise to the             IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
risk that revenue could be misstated          Customers ;
due to the incorrect identification of
particular performance obligation,       •    Selecting samples from recorded
resulting in an inappropriate timing          sales transactions from research
on recognition of revenue. Therefore,         services on FFS basis and sales of
we identified occurrence and cut-off          goods on CMO basis and examining
assertions of revenue recognition for         evidences supporting the transfer of
research services on FFS basis and            control of services or goods;
sales of goods on CMO basis as a key
audit matter.                            •    Testing, on sampling basis, revenue
                                              recognized for research services on
                                              FFS basis and sales of goods on CMO
                                              basis taking place before and after
                                              year-end and trace to evidences
                                              supporting the transfer of control
                                              of services or goods to determine
                                              that the revenue is recognized in the
                                              correct accounting period.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   107
      Independent Auditor’s Report



                                                            How our audit addressed
       Key audit matter                                     the key audit matter

       Impairment assessment on goodwill

       As set out in Note 16 to the                         Our procedures in relation to the goodwill
       consolidated financial statements,                   included:
       the carrying amount of goodwill
       amounted to RMB1,529,914,000                         •   Understanding the management
       which arose from the acquisitions of                     process and the key controls in
       Bestchrom, CMAB Group, and Payload                       impairment assessment of goodwill
       and Linker Business (as defined in                       and the preparation of the cash
       note 16) in previous years. Details of                   flow projections, including the key
       the related accounting policies and                      assumptions and inputs;
       carrying value of goodwill are set out
       in Notes 3 and 16 to the consolidated                •   Evaluating the appropriateness of
       financial statements.                                    model used by the management in
                                                                the value-in-use calculations;
       The management assessed the
       impairment of goodwill by estimation                 •   Evaluating the reasonableness of
       o f r e c o v e r a b l e a m o u n t o f c a s h-       the key assumptions used in the
       generating units (“CGUs”) based                          value-in-use calculations, including
       on value-in-use calculation, which                       revenue growth rate, discount rate
       requires the management to                               and long-term growth rate, and data
       estimate the future cash flows                           maintained in the assessment;
       expected to arise from the CGUs
       and an appropriate discount rate.                    •   Evaluating the accuracy of historical
       The cash flow projections are made                       cash flows forecast by comparing
       based on financial budgets prepared                      them to actual results in the current
       by management based on past                              year;
       p e r f o r m a n c e a n d m a n a g e m e n t’s
       expectation for the market                           •   Evaluating the reasonableness of the
       development of respective CGUs.                          sensitivity analysis provided by the
       Key assumptions involved in the cash                     management of the Group to assess
       flow projections include revenue                         the extent of impact on the value-in-
       growth rate, discount rate and long-                     use; and
       term growth rate.
                                                            •   Assessing the appropriateness of the
       We identified the impairment                             disclosures regarding the impairment
       assessment on goodwill as a key                          assessment on goodwill.
       audit matter as the value-in-use
       calculations required significant
       management estimations with
       respect to the key assumptions
       adopted in the underlying cash flows
       of CGUs to which goodwill have been
       allocated.




108   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                      Independent Auditor’s Report



Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other
information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not
include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other
information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our
responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether
the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for
the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the
consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance
with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company
are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the
Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no
other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   109
      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements (Continued)

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement
      and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
           financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform
           audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
           is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of
           not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
           one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
           omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to
           design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
           for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
           internal control.

      •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
           reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the
           directors.

      •    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern
           basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether
           a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
           conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention
           in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
           statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
           conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
           auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
           cease to continue as a going concern.

      •    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated
           financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated
           financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an
           opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
           direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely
           responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other
      matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,
      including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
      audit.

110   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                     Independent Auditor’s Report



Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (Continued)

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have
complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to
communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to
eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we
determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law
or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be
expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report
is Leung, David.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

March 22, 2023




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   111
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or
      Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended December 31, 2022



                                                        NOTES       2022          2021
                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000

      Revenue                                             5     15,268,660    10,290,050
      Cost of sales                                             (8,544,646)   (5,461,153)

      Gross profit                                               6,724,014     4,828,897
      Other income                                        6        305,454       196,605
      Impairment losses, under expected credit
        loss model, net of reversal                       9       (258,525)     (156,667)
      Other gains and losses                              7        766,533       665,637
      Selling and marketing expenses                              (162,913)     (124,647)
      Administrative expenses                                   (1,269,592)     (875,932)
      Research and development expenses                           (682,818)     (501,583)
      Financing costs                                     8        (64,382)      (39,191)

      Profit before tax                                   9      5,357,771     3,993,119
      Income tax expense                                 10       (807,865)     (484,538)

      Profit for the year                                        4,549,906     3,508,581


      Other comprehensive (expense) income
      Item that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss:
      Fair value loss on investments in equity
         instruments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                           (59,731)      (29,819)

      Items that may be reclassified subsequently
        to profit or loss:
      Exchange differences arising on translation
         of foreign operations                                    143,151       (572,280)
      Fair value loss on hedging instruments
         designated in cash flow hedges, net
         foreign investment hedges and time value
         within fair value hedges, net of income tax              (233,710)     (116,506)

      Other comprehensive expense
       for the year                                               (150,290)     (718,605)

      Total comprehensive income for the year                    4,399,616     2,789,976




112   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or
  Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022



                                           NOTE            2022               2021
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000

Profit for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                   4,420,286          3,388,478
Non-controlling interests                                 129,620            120,103

                                                        4,549,906          3,508,581


Total comprehensive income for the year
 attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                   4,262,390          2,697,354
Non-controlling interests                                 137,226             92,622

                                                        4,399,616          2,789,976


                                                               RMB                RMB

Earnings per share — Basic                   12                1.06               0.81


                  — Diluted                  12                1.01               0.77




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   113
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At December 31, 2022




                                                        NOTES       2022         2021
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000

      Non-current Assets
      Property, plant and equipment                      14     24,170,739   18,065,495
      Right-of-use assets                                15      1,745,259    1,690,301
      Goodwill                                           16      1,529,914    1,529,914
      Intangible assets                                  19        548,778      600,654
      Investment of an associate measured at
        fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)      17      1,581,565      752,275
      Equity instruments at FVTOCI                       20         41,470       94,413
      Financial assets at FVTPL                          21      1,086,176    1,356,134
      Finance lease receivables                          22        109,171      124,485
      Derivative financial assets                        31              —       10,942
      Deferred tax assets                                18        222,568      220,787
      Other long-term deposits and prepayments           23         58,877       57,482

                                                                31,094,517   24,502,882

      Current Assets
      Inventories                                        24      2,280,911    1,687,375
      Finance lease receivables                          22         14,166       13,564
      Trade and other receivables                        26      5,610,363    4,857,319
      Contract assets                                    27        493,566      132,545
      Contract costs                                     25      1,096,480    1,005,470
      Tax recoverable                                               33,442        9,436
      Derivative financial assets                        31        201,243      479,557
      Financial assets at FVTPL                          21      2,014,632      975,578
      Pledged bank deposits                              28         25,374      217,991
      Time deposits                                      28        304,469    1,147,626
      Bank balances and cash                             28      6,395,222    9,003,280

                                                                18,469,868   19,529,741

      Current Liabilities
      Trade and other payables                           29      3,269,182    3,697,819
      Borrowings                                         32      1,321,430    2,121,895
      Contract liabilities                               30      3,379,372    1,733,799
      Income tax payable                                           773,825      557,725
      Lease liabilities                                  33        149,058      103,561
      Derivative financial liabilities                   31        425,730       40,890

                                                                 9,318,597    8,255,689

      Net Current Assets                                         9,151,271   11,274,052

      Total Assets less Current Liabilities                     40,245,788   35,776,934

114   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                               At December 31, 2022




                                           NOTES           2022               2021
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000

Non-current Liabilities
Deferred tax liabilities                     18           132,076            124,211
Borrowings                                   32         1,461,563            640,513
Contract liabilities                         30           711,541            652,598
Lease liabilities                            33         1,489,610          1,429,318
Deferred income                              34           237,921            224,128

                                                        4,032,711          3,070,768

Net Assets                                            36,213,077         32,706,166

Capital and Reserves
Share capital                                35              233                235
Reserves                                              35,047,174         32,278,358

Equity attributable to owners of
  the Company                                         35,047,407         32,278,593
Non-controlling interests                              1,165,670            427,573

Total Equity                                          36,213,077         32,706,166


The consolidated financial statements on pages 112 to 283 were approved and
authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on March 22, 2023 and are signed
on its behalf by:




             Zhisheng Chen                          Weichang Zhou
               DIRECTOR                               DIRECTOR




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   115
      Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                             Equity-settled                                                  Foreign
                                                                                              share-based                                     Group         currency                                Non-
                                            Share     Treasury         Share     Statutory compensation          Hedging       FVTOCI reorganization      translation   Retained              controlling
                                           capital       stock      premium        reserve         reserve        reserve     reserve        reserve         reserve    earnings    Sub-total interests          Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                    (note i)       (note ii)                                (note iii)

      At January 1, 2021                      225            —     15,949,665      333,657          640,531      241,720        (2,686)         (4,636)      (29,744)   3,435,713   20,564,445    334,951    20,899,396
      Profit for the year                      —             —             —            —                —            —             —               —             —     3,388,478    3,388,478    120,103     3,508,581
      Other comprehensive income for
         the year
      — Fair value adjustments on
         hedges                                 —            —             —             —                —      341,385            —               —              —           —      341,385          —       341,385
      — Recycling from hedging reserve
         to profits or loss                     —            —             —             —                —      (457,891)          —               —              —           —      (457,891)        —       (457,891)
      — Fair value change of equity
         instruments FVTOCI                     —            —             —             —                —            —       (29,819)             —              —           —       (29,819)        —        (29,819)
      — Exchange differences arising
         from translation of foreign
         operations                             —            —             —             —                —            —            —               —       (544,799)          —      (544,799)   (27,481)     (572,280)


      Total comprehensive (expense)
        income for the year                     —            —             —             —                —      (116,506)     (29,819)             —       (544,799)   3,388,478    2,697,354     92,622     2,789,976


      Transfer to statutory reserve             —            —             —       303,650                —            —            —               —              —    (303,650)           —          —             —
      Recognition of equity-settled
         share-based compensation               —            —             —             —          577,952            —            —               —              —           —      577,952          —       577,952
      Exercise of pre-IPO share options
         and vest of restricted shares          3            —        195,810            —         (138,885)           —            —               —              —           —        56,928         —         56,928
      Issue of new shares (Note 35)             7            —     10,977,731            —               —             —            —               —              —           —    10,977,738         —     10,977,738
      Transaction costs attributable to
         issue of new shares                    —            —        (78,709)           —                —            —            —               —              —           —       (78,709)        —        (78,709)
      Repurchase of shares                      —    (2,517,115)           —             —                —            —            —               —              —           —    (2,517,115)        —     (2,517,115)


      At December 31, 2021                    235    (2,517,115) 27,044,497        637,307        1,079,598      125,214       (32,505)         (4,636)     (574,543)   6,520,541   32,278,593    427,573    32,706,166


      Profit for the year                       —            —             —             —                —            —            —               —              —    4,420,286    4,420,286    129,620     4,549,906
      Other comprehensive income for
         the year
      — Fair value adjustments on
         hedges                                 —            —             —             —                —      (499,678)          —               —              —           —      (499,678)    (1,106)     (500,784)
      — Recycling from hedging reserve
         to profits or loss                     —            —             —             —                —      294,205            —               —              —           —      294,205      (1,864)     292,341
      — Fair value change of equity
         instruments FVTOCI                     —            —             —             —                —            —       (59,731)             —              —           —       (59,731)        —        (59,731)
      — Fair value adjustments on
        hedges of net investments in
        foreign operations                      —            —             —             —                —            —            —               —        (25,267)          —       (25,267)        —        (25,267)
      — Exchange differences arising
        from translation of foreign
        operations                              —            —             —             —                —            —            —               —        132,575           —      132,575      10,576      143,151


      Total comprehensive (expense)
        income for the year                     —            —             —             —                —      (205,473)     (59,731)             —        107,308    4,420,286    4,262,390    137,226     4,399,616




116   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
                                                                                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2022




                                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                      Equity-settled                                                   Foreign
                                                                                       share-based                                      Group         currency                                Non-
                                         Share    Treasury       Share    Statutory compensation          Hedging        FVTOCI reorganization      translation   Retained              controlling
                                        capital      stock    premium       reserve         reserve        reserve      reserve        reserve         reserve    earnings    Sub-total interests            Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                             (note i)       (note ii)                                 (note iii)

Transfer to statutory reserve                —          —            —      424,714                —            —             —               —              —    (424,714)           —            —             —
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based compensation                  —          —            —            —        1,274,698            —             —               —              —          —      1,274,698      22,061      1,296,759
Exercise of pre-IPO share options
   and vest of restricted shares             1          —      379,095            —         (342,916)           —             —               —              —          —        36,180            —        36,180
Issue of new shares (Note 35)                2          —           (2)           —               —             —             —               —              —          —            —             —            —
Capital injection by non-controlling
   shareholders                              —          —          —              —                —            —             —               —              —          —             —      579,939        579,939
Cancellation of treasury stock               (5) 5,321,569 (5,321,564)            —                —            —             —               —              —          —             —           —              —
Repurchase of shares                         — (2,804,454)         —              —                —            —             —               —              —          —     (2,804,454)         —      (2,804,454)
Deemed distribution to a non-
   controlling shareholder arising
   from reorganization                       —          —            —            —                —            —             —               —              —          —             —        (1,129)       (1,129)


At December 31, 2022                       233          —    22,102,026   1,062,021        2,011,380       (80,259)     (92,236)          (4,636)     (467,235) 10,516,113    35,047,407    1,165,670    36,213,077


Notes:

i.           In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries of WuXi Biologics
             (Cayman) Inc. (the “Company”) established in the People’s Republic of China (the
             “PRC”), they are required to transfer 10% of the profit after tax to the statutory reserve
             until the reserve reaches 50% of their registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must
             be made before distributing dividends to equity holders. The statutory reserve can be
             used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the existing operations or convert
             into additional capital of the subsidiaries.

ii.          The amount represents the equity-settled share-based compensation attributable to
             owners of the Company in respect of:

             (a)           the share options for shares of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. (“WuXi
                           PharmaTech”), the then ultimate holding company of the Company before
                           completing the group reorganization of the Company (see note iii below), granted
                           by WuXi PharmaTech to certain directors and employees of the Company and its
                           subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for their services rendered to
                           the Group;

             (b)           the equity-settled share-based compensation under the Company’s pre-IPO share
                           option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”);

             (c)           the Company’s restricted share award scheme (the “Restricted Share Award
                           Scheme”);

             (d)           the Company’s global partner program share scheme (the “Global Partner Program
                           Share Scheme”); and

             (e)           the share option schemes of the Company’s subsidiaries (the “Subsidiary Share
                           Option Scheme”).

iii.         Group reorganization reserve represents the combined capital contribution of the
             entities comprising the Group, net of the settlement of the payables to their then
             shareholders; and the administration service cost borne or on behalf of the fellow
             subsidiaries by the Company prior to the completion of a group reorganization to
             rationalize the current group structure as at December 31, 2015.


                                                                                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                                                  117
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




                                                             2022          2021
                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

      OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                   5,357,771     3,993,119
      Adjustments for:
      Financing costs                                        64,382        39,191
      Interest income from banks and other financial
        assets at amortized cost                           (107,475)      (58,026)
      Depreciation for property, plant and equipment        661,564       404,573
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    82,044        29,541
      Amortization of intangible assets                      57,066        47,669
      Impairment loss, net of reversal
      — trade and other receivables                         241,706       153,955
      — contract assets                                      16,819         2,712
      Write down of inventories, net of reversal              2,208       220,561
      Write down of contract costs                           32,360        90,488
      Net foreign exchange (gain) loss                     (190,939)       12,319
      Share-based compensation expense                    1,234,383       531,923
      Income from research and other grants                 (29,649)      (26,292)
      Gain on fair value changes of wealth management
        products                                            (26,559)      (60,853)
      Loss (gain) on fair value changes of equity
        investments at FVTPL                                457,020      (238,534)
      Gain on fair value changes of investment of an
        associate measured at FVTPL                        (809,898)     (366,053)
      Loss (gain) on fair value changes of derivative
        financial instruments                                48,046       (32,593)
      Dividend income from an equity instrument at
        FVTOCI                                               (8,315)           —
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment      19,273           870

      Operating cash flows before movements in working
       capital                                            7,101,807     4,744,570

      Increase in inventories                               (498,122)     (783,185)
      Increase in contract costs                             (94,356)     (548,364)
      Increase in trade and other receivables             (1,123,007)   (1,329,724)
      Increase in contract assets                           (376,930)     (111,188)
      Increase in other long-term deposits                    (5,782)       (3,409)
      Increase in contract liabilities                     1,635,338     1,061,585
      (Decrease) increase in trade and other payables       (509,019)      741,847
      (Decrease) increase in deferred income                  (2,594)        9,112

      Cash generated from operations                      6,127,335     3,781,244
      Income tax paid                                      (585,662)     (349,986)

      NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                  5,541,673     3,431,258




118   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022




                                                               2022               2021
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000

INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment          20,125             80,856
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                 (5,868,390)        (6,507,803)
Payment for consideration payables for acquisition
  of a subsidiary in prior year                              (281,040)           (19,010)
Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                     —         (2,161,594)
Repayment of payment for potential acquisition                149,555                 —
Payment for deemed distribution to a non-controlling
  shareholder arising from reorganization                       (1,129)                —
Payments for right-of-use assets                                     —            (15,311)
Payments for rental deposits                                         —            (21,317)
Acquisition of investment of an associate measured
  at FVTPL                                                         —           (354,526)
Research and other grants received                            44,783             32,302
Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                          206,352            320,922
Placement of pledged bank deposits                           (13,474)           (17,960)
Dividends received from an equity instrument at FVTOCI         8,315                 —
Withdrawal of financial assets at FVTPL                    8,969,747         56,965,048
Placement of financial assets at FVTPL                   (10,098,514)       (58,135,876)
Receipt of interest from banks                               112,593             67,992
Withdrawal of time deposits                                1,515,293          1,261,582
Placement of time deposits                                  (639,770)        (1,164,244)
Net settlement of derivative financial instruments           (32,698)            17,269
Repayment for loan to an associate                                 —             50,000

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                      (5,908,252)        (9,601,670)

FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from bank borrowings                               2,389,197           675,284
Repayments of bank borrowings                              (2,563,130)         (728,267)
Interest paid                                                (108,239)          (83,200)
Repayments of lease liabilities                              (121,085)          (93,843)
Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                              —        10,977,738
Transaction costs attributable to issue of shares                   —           (78,709)
Proceeds from exercise of pre-IPO share options                36,180            57,571
Capital injection by non-controlling shareholders             579,939                —
Payment on repurchase of shares                            (2,804,454)       (2,517,115)

NET CASH (USED IN) FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES               (2,591,592)         8,209,459

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                       350,113           (131,502)

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND
 CASH EQUIVALENTS                                          (2,608,058)         1,907,545
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                       9,003,280          7,095,735

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR,
 represented by bank balances and cash                      6,395,222          9,003,280

                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

           The Company was established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted
           company with limited liability on February 27, 2014, and its shares have been
           listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since
           June 13, 2017. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of
           business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate information section to
           the annual report. The Company is an investment holding company. The Group
           is principally engaged in provision of discovery, development of biologics
           services and manufacturing of biologics products.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
           which is also the functional currency of the Company.

      2.   APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

           Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
           year

           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs
           issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the
           first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on
           January 1, 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to IFRS 3               Reference to the Conceptual Framework
           Amendments to IAS 16               Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                Intended Use
           Amendments to IAS 37               Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
           Amendments to IFRSs                Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018–2020

           Except as described below, the application of the amendments to IFRSs in the
           current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
           in these consolidated financial statements.




120   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

   Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
   year (Continued)

   2.1 Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 16 Property, Plant
       and Equipment — Proceeds before Intended Use

      The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current
      year. The amendments specify that the costs of any item that were
      produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to
      the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in
      the manner intended by management (such as samples produced when
      testing whether the relevant property, plant and equipment is functioning
      properly) and the proceeds from selling such items should be recognized
      and measured in the profit or loss in accordance with applicable
      standards. The cost of the items are measured in accordance with IAS 2
      Inventories .

      In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied the
      new accounting policy retrospectively to property, plant and equipment
      made available for use on or after the beginning of January 1, 2021. The
      application of the amendments in the current year has had no material
      impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance.

   2.2 Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 37 Onerous Contracts
       — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

      The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current
      year. The amendments specify that, when an entity assesses whether
      a contract is onerous in accordance with IAS 37, the unavoidable
      costs under a contract should reflect the least net cost of exiting
      from the contract, which is the lower of the cost of fulfilling it and
      any compensation or penalties arising from failure to fulfil it. Costs of
      fulfilling the contract include incremental costs and an allocation of other
      costs that relate directly to fulfilling contracts (e.g an allocation of the
      depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in
      fulfilling the contract).

      In accordance with the transitional provisions, the amendments are
      applicable to contracts for which the Group has not yet fulfilled all its
      obligations as at the date of initial application, January 1, 2022.

      The application of the amendments in the current year has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

           New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs
           that have been issued but are not yet effective:

           IFRS 17 (including the June              Insurance Contracts 1
             2020 and December 2021
             Amendments to IFRS 17)
           Amendments to IFRS 10                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
             and IAS 28                               Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture 2
           Amendments to IFRS 16                    Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 3
           Amendments to IAS 1                      Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                                                      current 3
           Amendments to IAS 1                      Non-current Liabilities with Covenants 3
           Amendments to IAS 1 and                  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
            IFRS Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to IAS 8                      Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
           Amendments to IAS 12                     Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                      arising from a Single Transaction 1

           1    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
           2    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           3    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

           Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the
           directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all other new
           and amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
           financial statements in the foreseeable future.

           Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
           arising from a Single Transaction

           The amendments narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred
           tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income
           Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition,
           give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

           As disclosed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, for leasing
           transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease
           liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 requirements to the relevant assets and
           liabilities as a whole. Temporary differences relating to relevant assets and
           liabilities are assessed on a net basis.




122   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022




2.	APPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
    REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     (Continued)

     Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
     arising from a Single Transaction (Continued)

     Upon the application of the amendments, the Group will recognize a deferred
     tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
     against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilized) and a
     deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences
     associated with the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.

     The amendments are effective for the Group’s annual reporting period
     beginning on January 1, 2023. As at December 31, 2022, the carrying
     amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities which are subject to
     the amendments amounted to RMB1,525,653,000 and RMB1,638,668,000
     respectively, in which the Group will recognize the related deferred tax
     assets and deferred tax liabilities of RMB462,101,000 and RMB445,633,000
     respectively. The cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments will
     be recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings
     (or other component of equity, as appropriate) at the beginning of the earliest
     comparative period presented.

3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance
         with IFRSs issued by the IASB. For the purpose of preparation of the
         consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if
         such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by
         primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
         applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
         Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)
         and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

         The directors of the Company have, at the time of approving the
         consolidated financial statements, a reasonable expectation that the
         Group has adequate resources to continue in operational existence for the
         foreseeable future. Thus they continue to adopt the going concern basis
         of accounting in preparing the consolidated financial statements.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.1	
               Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements
               (Continued)

                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the
                historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are
                measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained
                in the accounting policies set out below.

                Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration
                given in exchange for goods and services.

                Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
                transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
                at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly
                observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating
                the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
                characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take
                those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at
                the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
                purposes in the consolidated financial statements is determined on such
                a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within
                the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are
                accounted for in accordance with IFRS 16, and measurements that have
                some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable
                value in IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

                In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are
                categorized into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs
                to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
                inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described
                as follows:

                •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
                      for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can access at the
                      measurement date;

                •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within
                      Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or
                      indirectly; and

                •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




124   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies

      Basis of consolidation

       The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial
       statements of the Company and entities controlled by the Company and
       its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

       •   has power over the investee;

       •   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with
           the investee; and

       •   has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

       The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and
       circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three
       elements of control listed above.

       Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over
       the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the subsidiary.
       Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
       during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
       and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control
       until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

       Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed
       to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total
       comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
       Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the
       non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

       When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of
       subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s
       accounting policies.

       All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash
       flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are
       eliminated in full on consolidation.

       Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from
       the Group’s equity therein, which represent present ownership interests
       entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
       relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries

                Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in
                the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as
                equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
                components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted
                to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries,
                including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the
                non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
                interests’ proportionate interests.

                Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests
                are adjusted, and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is
                recognized directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

                When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of
                that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any) are derecognized.
                A gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss and is calculated as the
                difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration
                received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying
                amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary
                attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously
                recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary
                are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
                assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss
                or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                applicable IFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former
                subsidiary at the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value
                on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under IFRS 9 Financial
                Instruments (“IFRS 9”) or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition
                of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.




126   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Business combinations or asset acquisitions

      Optional concentration test

       The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a
       transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified assessment of
       whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The
       concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
       assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of
       similar identifiable assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude
       cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting
       from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met,
       the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a business and no
       further assessment is needed.

      Asset acquisitions

       When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not
       constitute a business, the Group identifies and recognizes the individual
       identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
       purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective
       fair values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated
       to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their relative
       fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise
       to goodwill or bargain purchase gain.

      Business combinations

       A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes
       an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute
       to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered
       substantive if they are critical to the ability to continue producing outputs,
       including an organized workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge,
       or experience to perform the related processes or they significantly
       contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and are considered
       unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or
       delay in the ability to continue producing outputs.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

                Business combinations (Continued)

                Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method.
                The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured
                at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date
                fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred
                by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree.
                Acquisition-related costs are generally recognized in profit or loss as
                incurred.

                For business combinations in which the acquisition date is on or after
                January 1, 2022, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
                must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
                Framework for Financial Reporting issued by International Accounting
                Standards Board in March 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for
                transactions and events within the scope of IAS 37 or IFRIC 21, in which
                the Group applies IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework
                to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination.
                Contingent assets are not recognized.

                At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities
                assumed are recognized at their fair value, except that:

                •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to
                      employee benefit arrangements are recognized and measured in
                      accordance with IAS 12 Income Taxes and IAS 19 Employee Benefits
                      respectively;

                •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment
                      arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment arrangements
                      of the Group ent ered into to replace share-based payment
                      arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with IFRS
                      2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the accounting
                      policy below);

                •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale
                      in accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and
                      Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that
                      standard; and


128   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Business combinations or asset acquisitions (Continued)

      Business combinations (Continued)

       •   lease liabilities are recognized and measured at the present value
           of the remaining lease payments (as defined in IFRS 16) as if the
           acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
           for leases for which the lease term ends within 12 months of the
           acquisition date. Right-of-use assets are recognized and measured at
           the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect
           favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with
           market terms.

       Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration
       transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree,
       and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the
       acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired
       and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment,
       the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
       exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
       non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the
       acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any), the excess is
       recognized immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

       Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and
       entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the relevant subsidiary’s
       net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the
       non-controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognized amounts
       of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of
       measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

       If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the
       end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, the Group
       reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is
       incomplete. Those provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively
       during the measurement period (which cannot exceed one year from
       the acquisition date), and additional assets or liabilities are recognized,
       to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that
       existed at the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the
       amounts recognized at that date.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Goodwill

                Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as
                established at the date of acquisition of the business (see the accounting
                policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of
                the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of cash-generating units)
                that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
                represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

                A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which
                goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually or more
                frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired.
                For goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the
                cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which
                goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of
                that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying
                amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
                amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis
                based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of
                cash-generating units).

                On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the
                cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating units, the
                attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the
                amount of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an
                operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit
                within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed
                of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
                cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating
                unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

                Investments in subsidiaries

                Investments in subsidiaries are stated at cost less than any identified
                impairment loss on the statement of financial position of the Company.




130   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Investment of an associate measured at FVTPL

       An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence.
       Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and
       operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control
       over those policies. The investment of an associate was made in the form
       of ordinary shares with preferential rights and measured at financial
       assets at FVTPL.

      Revenue from contracts with customers

       The Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation
       is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the
       particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

       A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of
       goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services
       that are substantially the same.

       Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by
       reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant
       performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

       •   the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits
           provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs;

       •   the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the
           customer controls as the Group performs; or

       •   the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative
           use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
           for performance completed to date.

       Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer
       obtains control of the distinct good or service.

       A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange
       for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that
       is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with
       IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right
       to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment
       of that consideration is due.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or
                services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
                an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

                A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are
                accounted for and presented on a net basis.

                Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of
                transaction price)

                For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e.
                fee-for-service (“FFS”) and commercial manufacturing organization
                (“CMO”) contracts usually have multiple deliverable units, which are
                generally in the form of technical laboratory reports, samples and/or
                goods), the Group allocates the transaction price to each performance
                obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
                allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

                The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying
                each performance obligation is determined at contract inception. It
                represents the price at which the Group would sell a promised good or
                service separately to a customer. If a stand-alone selling price is not
                directly observable, the Group estimates it using appropriate techniques
                such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any performance
                obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group
                expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or
                services to the customer.

                Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards
                complete satisfaction of a performance obligation

                The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion
                requires judgement and is based on the nature of the products or services
                to be provided. Depending on which better depicts the transfer of value
                to the customer, the Group measures its progress using either units
                produced/services transferred to the customer to date (output method) or
                cost-to-cost (input method).




132   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards
      complete satisfaction of a performance obligation (Continued)

       Output method:

       The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation
       is measured based on output method, which is to recognize revenue on
       the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or services
       transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods
       or services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s
       performance in transferring control of goods or services.

       As a practical expedient, if the Group has a right to consideration in
       an amount that corresponds directly with the value of the Group’s
       performance completed to date (for example, service contracts in which
       the Group bills a fixed amount for each hour of service provided), the
       Group recognizes revenue in the amount to which the Group has the right
       to invoice.

       Input method:

       The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation
       is measured based on input method, which is to recognize revenue on
       the basis of the Group’s costs incurred to date to the satisfaction of
       a performance obligation relative to the total expected costs to the
       satisfaction of that performance obligation, that best depict the Group’s
       performance in transferring control of goods or services.

      Variable consideration

       For contracts that contain variable consideration (usually in the form of a
       milestone bonus when the service provided to the customer has reached
       into a certain stage or delivered a certain result), the Group estimates the
       amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the
       expected value method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which
       method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group
       will be entitled.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                Variable consideration (Continued)

                The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the
                transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an
                inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when
                the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                resolved.

                At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated
                transaction price (including updating its assessment of whether an
                estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully
                the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the
                changes in circumstances during the reporting period.

                Notwithstanding the above criteria, the Group shall recognize revenue for
                a sales-based or usage-based royalty promised in exchange for a license
                of intellectual property only when (or as) the later of the following events
                occurs:

                •     the subsequent sale or usage occurs; and

                •     the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales-based
                      or usage-based royalty has been allocated has been satisfied (or
                      partially satisfied).

                Existence of significant financing component

                In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised
                amount of consideration for the effects of the time value of money if the
                timing of payments agreed (either explicitly or implicitly) provides the
                customer or the Group with a significant benefit of financing the transfer
                of goods or services to the customer. In those circumstances, the contract
                contains a significant financing component. A significant financing
                component may exist regardless of whether the promise of financing is
                explicitly stated in the contract or implied by the payment terms agreed to
                by the parties to the contract.

                For contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the
                associated goods or services is less than one year, the Group applies
                the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any
                significant financing component.

134   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      Existence of significant financing component (Continued)

       For advance payments received from customers before the transfer of the
       associated goods or services in which the Group adjusts for the promised
       amount of consideration for a significant financing component, the Group
       applies a discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing
       transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception.
       The relevant interest expenses during the period between the advance
       payments were received and the transfer of the associated goods and
       services are accounted for on the same basis as other borrowing costs.

      Principal versus agent

       When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a
       customer, the Group determines whether the nature of its promise is a
       performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself
       (i.e. the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to
       be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an agent).

       The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before
       that good or service is transferred to a customer.

       The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the
       provision of the specified good or service by another party. In this case,
       the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
       another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer.
       When the Group acts as an agent, it recognizes revenue in the amount of
       any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for
       arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other
       party.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

                Contract costs

                Costs to fulfil a contract

                The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contact in its service contracts. The
                Group first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an
                asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which it recognizes an
                asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                (a) the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract
                    that the Group can specifically identify;

                (b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be
                    used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations
                    in the future; and

                (c) the costs are expected to be recovered.

                The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss on a
                systematic basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of
                the goods or services to which the assets relate. The asset is also subject
                to impairment review.

                Leases

                Definition of a lease

                A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to
                control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
                consideration.

                For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial
                application or arising from business combinations, the Group assesses
                whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
                IFRS 16 at inception, modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate.
                Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of
                the contract are subsequently changed.




136   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases (Continued)

      The Group as a lessee

       Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

       For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more
       additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the
       consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of
       the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate
       stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

       Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis
       of their relative stand-alone prices and are accounted for by applying
       other applicable standards.

       Short-term leases

       The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases
       that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date
       and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term
       leases are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis or another
       systematic basis over the lease term.

       Right-of-use assets

       The cost of right-of-use assets includes:

       •   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

       •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less
           any lease incentives received;

       •   any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

       •   an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and
           removing the underlying assets, restoring the site on which it is
           located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
           the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred
           to produce inventories.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Leases (Continued)

                The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                Right-of-use assets (Continued)

                Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
                depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
                of lease liabilities other than adjustments to lease liabilities resulting from
                Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied the practical
                expedient.

                Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain
                ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end of the lease term
                are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis
                over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

                When the Group obtains ownership of the underlying leased assets at the
                end of the lease term, upon exercising purchase options, the cost of the
                relevant right-of-use assets and the related accumulated depreciation and
                impairment loss are transferred to property, plant and equipment.

                The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the
                consolidated statement of financial position.

                Refundable rental deposits

                Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially
                measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition
                are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
                right-of-use assets.

                Lease liabilities

                At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and
                measures the lease liability at the present value of lease payments
                that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease
                payments, the Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease
                commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily
                determinable.




138   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases (Continued)

      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

       Lease liabilities (Continued)

       The lease payments include:

       •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any
           lease incentives receivable;

       •   variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially
           measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;

       •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value
           guarantees;

       •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably
           certain to exercise the option; and

       •   payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term
           reflects the Group exercising an option to terminate the lease.

       Variable lease payments that reflect changes in market rental rates are
       initially measured using the market rental rates as at the commencement
       date. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
       are not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use
       assets, and are recognized as expense in the period in which the event or
       condition that triggers the payment occurs.

       After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest
       accretion and lease payments.

       The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding
       adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

       •   the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of
           exercise of a purchase option, in which case the related lease liability
           is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a
           revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

       •   the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates
           following a market rent review, in which cases the related lease
           liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments
           using the initial discount rate.

       The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the
       consolidated statement of financial position.


                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Leases (Continued)

                The Group as a lessee (Continued)

                Lease modifications

                Except for Covid-19-related rent concessions in which the Group applied
                the practical expedient, the Group accounts for a lease modification as a
                separate lease if:

                •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right
                      to use one or more underlying assets; and

                •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount
                      commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase in scope
                      and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect
                      the circumstances of the particular contract.

                For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease,
                the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the lease term of the
                modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised
                discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

                The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making
                corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-of-use asset.

                When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or
                more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the
                consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the
                basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
                aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

                Covid-19-related rent concessions

                In relation to rent concessions that occurred as a direct consequence
                of the Covid-19 pandemic, the Group has elected to apply the practical
                expedient not to assess whether the change is a lease modification if all
                of the following conditions are met:

                •     the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the
                      lease that is substantially the same as, or less than, the consideration
                      for the lease immediately preceding the change;



140   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Leases (Continued)

      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

       Covid-19-related rent concessions (Continued)

       •   any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due
           on or before June 30, 2022; and

       •   there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the
           lease.

       A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in
       lease payments resulting from rent concessions the same way it would
       account for the changes applying IFRS 16 if the changes are not a lease
       modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for
       as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to
       reflect the amounts forgiven or waived with a corresponding adjustment
       recognized in the profit or loss in the period in which the event occurs.

      The Group as a lessor

       Classification and measurement of leases

       Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or
       operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially
       all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset
       to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases
       are classified as operating leases.

       Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognized as
       receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to net investments
       in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
       leases. Initial direct costs are included in the initial measurement of the
       net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting
       periods so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s
       net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

       Rental income from operating leases is recognized in profit or loss on a
       straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease. Initial direct costs
       incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
       carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognized as an
       expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
       properties measured under fair value model.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Foreign currencies

                In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity,
                transactions in currencies other than functional currency of that entity
                (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing
                on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period,
                monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at
                the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
                value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
                rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When
                a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognized in profit
                or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognized
                in profit or loss. When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item
                is recognized in other comprehensive income, any exchange component
                of that gain or loss is also recognized in other comprehensive income.
                Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a
                foreign currency are not retranslated.

                Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on
                the retranslation of monetary items, are recognized in profit or loss in the
                period in which they arise.

                For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements,
                the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated
                into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using
                exchange rate prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income
                and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for
                the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in other
                comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
                foreign currency translation reserve.

                Borrowing costs

                Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take
                a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
                are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are
                substantially ready for their intended use or sale.




142   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Borrowing costs (Continued)

       Any specific borrowing that remains outstanding after the related asset is
       ready for its intended use or sale is included in the general borrowing pool
       for calculation of capitalization rate on general borrowings. Investment
       income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings
       pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
       borrowing costs eligible for capitalization.

       All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in
       which they are incurred.

      Research and other grants

      Research and other grants are accounted for in accordance with IAS
      20 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government
      Assistance . Research and other grants are not recognized until there
      is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
      attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

       Research and other grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic
       basis over the periods in which the Group recognizes as expenses
       the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
       Specifically, research and other grants whose primary condition is that
       the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current
       assets are recognized as deferred income in the consolidated statement
       of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and
       rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

       Research and other grants related to income that are receivable as
       compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose
       of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related
       costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become
       receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income”.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Employee benefits

                Retirement benefit costs

                Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized
                as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to
                the contributions.

                Pension obligations

                The Group participates in state-managed retirement benefit schemes,
                which are defined contribution schemes, pursuant to which the Group
                pays a fixed percentage of its qualifying staff’s wages as contributions to
                the schemes. Payments to such retirement benefit schemes are charged
                as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to
                the contributions.

                Short-term employee benefits

                Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount
                of the benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the
                services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense
                unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the
                cost of an asset.

                A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages
                and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount
                already paid.




144   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Share-based payments

      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

       Share options granted to employees

       Equity-settled share-based payments to employees (including directors of
       the Company) are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
       the grant date.

       The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined
       at the grant date without taking into consideration all non-market
       vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting
       period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will
       eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled
       share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each reporting period,
       the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments
       expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
       conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
       recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the
       revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-settled
       share-based compensation reserve.

       When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized
       in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will be transferred
       to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting
       date or are still not exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously
       recognized in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will
       continue to be held in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Share-based payments (Continued)

                Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

                Modification to the terms and conditions of the share-based payment
                arrangements

                When the terms and conditions of an equity-settled share-based payment
                arrangement are modified, the Group recognizes, as a minimum, the
                services received measured at the grant date fair value of the equity
                instruments granted, unless those equity instruments do not vest because
                of failure to satisfy a vesting condition (other than a market condition)
                that was specified at grant date. In addition, if the Group modifies the
                vesting conditions (other than a market condition) in a manner that is
                beneficial to the employees, for example, by reducing the vesting period,
                the Group takes the modified vesting conditions into consideration over
                the remaining vesting period.

                The incremental fair value granted, if any, is the difference between the
                fair value of the modified equity instruments and that of the original
                equity instruments, both estimated as at the date of modification.

                If the modification occurs during the vesting period, the incremental fair
                value granted is included in the measurement of the amount recognized
                for services received over the period from modification date until the
                date when the modified equity instruments are vested, in addition to
                the amount based on the grant date fair value of the original equity
                instruments, which is recognized over the remainder of the original
                vesting period.

                If the modification reduces the total fair value of the share-based
                arrangement, or is not otherwise beneficial to the employee, the Group
                continues to account for the original equity instruments granted as if that
                modification had not occurred.




146   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Share-based payments (Continued)

      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

       Equity instruments granted by the then ultimate holding company to
       employees of the Group

       The grant by the then ultimate holding company of equity instruments
       under its employee stock incentive plan to the employees of the
       Group (including directors of the Company) is treated as equity-settled
       share-based payments in the consolidated financial statements. An
       expense for the grant date fair value of the equity instruments under the
       employee stock incentive plan is recognized over the vesting period of
       the instruments, with a corresponding increase in equity. The increase in
       equity is treated as a deemed capital contribution into the Group and is
       included in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve.

      Restricted share award payment transactions

       For shares of the Group granted under Restricted Share Award Scheme
       and Global Partner Program Share Scheme (“Restricted Shares”), the
       fair value of the employee services received is determined by reference
       to the fair value of the Restricted Shares granted at the grant date
       and is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
       with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-settled share-based
       compensation reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the
       Group revises its estimates of the number of Restricted Shares that
       are expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market
       vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the estimates, if any, is
       recognized in the profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects
       the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to equity-settled
       share-based compensation reserve.

       When the Restricted Shares are vested, the amount previously recognized
       in equity-settled share-based compensation reserve will be transferred to
       share premium.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Taxation

                Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and
                deferred tax.

                The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable
                profit differs from profit before tax because of income or expense that
                are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable
                or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax
                rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
                reporting period.

                Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying
                amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements
                and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
                profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable
                temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognized for
                all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
                that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible
                temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and
                liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the
                initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and
                liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the
                accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if
                the temporary differences arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.

                Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences
                associated with investments in subsidiaries and associates except where
                the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
                and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
                foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary
                differences associated with such investments are only recognized to
                the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits
                against which to utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they
                are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

                The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each
                reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable
                that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
                asset to be recovered.




148   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Taxation (Continued)

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are
       expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset
       is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
       substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

       The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax
       consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group
       expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the
       carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

       For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in
       which the Group recognizes the right-of-use assets and the related lease
       liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
       attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

       For leasing transaction in which the tax deductions are attributable to
       the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements
       to the leasing transaction as a whole. Temporary differences relating to
       right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are assessed on a net basis. Excess
       of depreciation on right-of-use assets over the lease payments for the
       principal portion of lease liabilities resulting in net deductible temporary
       differences.

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally
       enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
       liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable
       entity by the same taxation authority.

       Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when
       they relate to items that are recognized in other comprehensive income
       or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are
       also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity
       respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial
       accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
       accounting for the business combination.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Taxation (Continued)

                In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group
                considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax authority will accept
                the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual
                group entities in their income tax filings. If it is probable, the current and
                deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the
                income tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority
                will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each uncertainty is
                reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

                Property, plant and equipment

                Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use
                in the production or supply of goods or services, or for administrative
                purposes. Property, plant and equipment other than assets under
                construction in progress are stated in the consolidated statement of
                financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and
                accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less
                subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for
                production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
                recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable
                to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be
                capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including
                costs of testing whether the related assets is functioning properly
                and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized in accordance
                with the Group’s accounting policy. Sale proceeds of items that are
                produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to
                the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating
                in the manner intended by management (such as samples produced
                when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related
                costs of producing those items are recognized in the profit or loss. The
                cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement
                requirements of IAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis
                as other assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended
                use.




150   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

       Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than
       property, plant and equipment in the course of construction less their
       residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line
       method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation
       method are reviewed at the end of the reporting period, with the effect of
       any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

       An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal
       or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the
       continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
       or retirement of property, plant and equipment is determined as the
       difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the
       asset and is recognized in profit or loss.

      Intangible assets

      Intangible assets acquired separately

       Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are
       carried at costs less accumulated amortization and any accumulated
       impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful
       lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
       lives. The estimated useful life and amortization method are reviewed
       at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
       estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Intangible assets (Continued)

                Internally-generated intangible asset — research and development
                expenditure

                Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the
                period in which it is incurred.

                An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development
                activities is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been
                demonstrated:

                •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it
                      will be available for use or sale;

                •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

                •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                      benefits;

                •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to
                      complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

                •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the
                      intangible asset during its development.

                The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible
                asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date when the
                intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where
                no internally-generated intangible asset can be recognized, development
                expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the period in which it is
                incurred.

                Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets
                are reported at cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated
                impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are
                acquired separately.




152   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Intangible assets (Continued)

      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination

       Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognized
       separately from goodwill and are initially recognized at their fair value at
       the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

       Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business
       combination with finite useful lives are reported at costs less accumulated
       amortization and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same basis
       as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

       An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future
       economic benefits are expected from use or disposal. Gains and losses
       arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the
       difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
       the asset, are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is derecognized.

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
      contract costs and intangible assets other than goodwill

       At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying
       amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets,
       contract costs and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine
       whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an
       impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of
       the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the
       impairment loss (if any).

       The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
       assets, and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not
       possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
       estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which
       the asset belongs.

       In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are
       allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a reasonable and
       consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they
       are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which
       a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The
       recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group
       of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
       compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit
       or group of cash-generating units.

                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
                assets, contract costs and intangible assets other than goodwill
                (Continued)

                Before the Group recognizes an impairment loss for assets capitalized
                as contract costs under IFRS 15, the Group assesses and recognizes
                any impairment loss on other assets related to the relevant contracts
                in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any,
                for assets capitalized as contract costs is recognized to the extent the
                carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that the
                Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less
                the costs which relate directly to providing those goods or services that
                have not been recognized as expenses. The assets capitalized as contract
                costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit
                to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that
                cash-generating unit.

                Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and
                value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows
                are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the
                estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is
                estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the
                asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be
                allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit,
                the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating
                units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion
                of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units,
                with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In
                allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to
                reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to
                the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of
                each asset in the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying
                amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less
                costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and
                zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
                allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit
                or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized
                immediately in profit or loss.


154   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
      assets, contract costs and intangible assets other than goodwill
      (Continued)

       Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of
       the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) is
       increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
       the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that
       would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
       the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units)
       in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
       in profit or loss.

      Cash and cash equivalents

       Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of
       financial position include:

       (a) cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits,
           excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory restrictions
           that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash;
           and

       (b) cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with
           original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid investments
           that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are
           subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash equivalents
           are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments
           rather than for investment or other purposes.

       For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and
       cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above,
       net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and
       form an integral part of the Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts
       are presented as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of
       financial position.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Inventories

                Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value.
                Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted average method. Net
                realizable value represents the contracted selling price less all estimated
                costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs
                necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly attributable
                to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make
                the sale.

                Provisions

                Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation (legal
                or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group
                will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can
                be made of the amount of the obligation. The amount recognized as a
                provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
                present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account
                the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is
                measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation,
                its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the
                effect of the time value of money is material).

                Financial instruments

                Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group
                entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.
                All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
                derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are
                purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
                the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
                place.

                Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value
                except for trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which
                are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that
                are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets
                and financial liabilities (other than financial assets at FVTPL) are added
                to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
                liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
                attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized
                immediately in profit or loss.



156   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

       The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized
       cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest
       income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
       interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash
       receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that
       form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
       other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial
       asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the
       net carrying amount on initial recognition.

      Financial assets

       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently
       measured at amortized cost:

       •   the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is
           to collect contractual cash flows; and

       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
           are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
           outstanding.

       Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently
       measured at FVTOCI:

       •   the financial assets is held within a business model whose objective is
           achieved by both selling and collecting contractual cash flows; and

       •   the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
           are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
           outstanding.

       All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except
       that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably
       elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
       in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither
       held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by an acquirer in
       a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.


                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                (Continued)

                A financial asset is held for trading if:

                •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near
                      term; or

                •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial
                      instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent
                      actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging
                      instrument.

                In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is
                required to be measured at the amortized cost or FVTOCI as measured
                at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
                mismatch.

                (i)   Amortized cost and interest income

                      Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for
                      financial assets measured subsequently at amortized cost. Interest
                      income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the
                      gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets
                      that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For financial assets
                      that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
                      recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized
                      cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the
                      credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so
                      that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income
                      is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the gross
                      carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the
                      reporting period following the determination that the asset is no
                      longer credit-impaired.




158   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
       (Continued)

       (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

              Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently
              measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in
              fair value recognized in OCI and accumulated in FVTOCI reserve; and
              are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or
              loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
              instruments, and will be transferred to retained earnings.

              Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are
              recognized in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
              dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a
              recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included
              in the “other income” line item in profit or loss.

       (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

              Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at
              amortized cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at
              FVTPL.

              Financial assets as FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of
              each reporting, with any fair value gains or losses recognized in profit
              or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss includes any
              interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other
              gains and losses” line item.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                assessment under IFRS 9

                The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss
                (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade receivables, receivables
                for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers, other receivables,
                other financial assets, other long-term deposits, bill receivables, time
                deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank balances) and other items
                (finance lease receivables and contract assets) which are subject to
                impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated
                at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
                recognition.

                Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default
                events over the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast,
                12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
                expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months
                after the reporting date. Assessment is done based on the Group’s
                historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to
                the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the
                current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
                conditions.

                The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivable, contract
                assets and finance lease receivables.

                For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to
                12m ECL, unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk
                since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL.
                The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on
                significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since
                initial recognition.




160   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

             In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since
             initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring
             on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk
             of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of
             initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers
             both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
             supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
             information that is available without undue cost or effort.

             In particular, the following information is taken into account when
             assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

             •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial
                 instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit rating;

             •   significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit
                 risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the credit
                 default swap prices for the debtor;

             •   existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or
                 economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant
                 decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

             •   an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating
                 results of the debtor;

             •   an actual or expected significant adverse change in the
                 regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the debtor
                 that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to
                 meet its debt obligations.




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

                (i)	Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)

                       Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group
                       presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                       recognition when contractual payments are more than 60 days past
                       due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                       that demonstrates otherwise.

                       The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used
                       to identify whether there has been a significant increase in credit
                       risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
                       capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the
                       amount becomes past due.

                (ii)   Definition of default

                       For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event
                       of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained
                       from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                       creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any
                       collaterals held by the Group).

                       Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default
                       has occurred when a financial asset is more than 180 days past
                       due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information
                       to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
                       appropriate.




162   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of
           default that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
           flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
           asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following
           events:

           a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

           b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

           c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual
                reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
                granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would
                not otherwise consider;

           d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy
                or other financial reorganization; or

           e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset
                because of financial difficulties.

       (iv) Write-off policy

           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information
           indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and
           there is no realistic prospect of recovery. Financial assets written
           off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s
           recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
           appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
           subsequent recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
                assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

                (v) Measurement and recognition of ECL

                      The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default,
                      loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default)
                      and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
                      of default and loss given default is based on historical data and
                      forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased
                      and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the
                      respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group uses
                      a practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables using
                      a provision matrix taking into consideration historical credit loss
                      experience, adjusted for forward looking information that is available
                      without undue cost or effort.

                      Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash
                      flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and
                      the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                      effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease
                      receivable, the cash flows used for determining the ECL is consistent
                      with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
                      accordance with IFRS 16.

                      Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables/contract assets/finance
                      lease receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into
                      consideration past due information and relevant credit information
                      such as forward looking macroeconomic information.

                      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the
                      following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

                      •    Past-due status;

                      •    Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

                      •    External credit ratings where available.



164   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial assets (Continued)

       Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment
       assessment under IFRS 9 (Continued)

       (v)	Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

           The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the
           constituents of each group continue to share similar credit risk
           characteristics.

           Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount
           of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit-impaired, in
           which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of
           the financial asset.

           The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for
           all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
           exception of trade receivables, finance lease receivables, receivables
           for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers and contract
           assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a
           loss allowance account.

       Derecognition/modification of financial assets

       The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual
       rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the
       financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
       of the asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains
       substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to
       control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest
       in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If
       the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a
       transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognize the financial
       asset and also recognizes a collateralized borrowing for the proceeds
       received.

       On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the
       difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the
       consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.


                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Financial assets (Continued)

                Derecognition/modification of financial assets (Continued)

                On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group
                has elected on initial recognition to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative
                gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not
                reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to retained earnings.

                A modification of a financial asset occurs if the contractual cash flows are
                renegotiated or otherwise modified.

                When the contractual terms of a financial asset are modified, the
                Group assesses whether the revised terms result in a substantial
                modification from original terms taking into account all relevant facts and
                circumstances including qualitative factors. If qualitative assessment is
                not conclusive, the Group considers the terms are substantially different
                if the discounted present value of the cash flows under the new terms,
                including any fees paid net of any fees received, and discounted using
                the original effective interest rate, is at least 10 per cent different from
                the discounted present value of the remaining cash flows of the original
                financial asset.

                For non-substantial modifications of financial assets that do not result
                in derecognition, the carrying amount of the relevant financial assets
                will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash
                flows discounted at the financial assets’ original effective interest rate.
                Transaction costs or fees incurred are adjusted to the carrying amount
                of the modified financial assets and are amortized over the remaining
                term. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of the financial asset is
                recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.




166   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Financial liabilities and equity

       Classification as debt or equity

       Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as
       either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance
       of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability
       and an equity instrument.

       Equity instruments

       An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest
       in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity
       instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
       received, net of direct issue costs.

       Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognized and
       deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss
       on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
       instruments.

       Financial liabilities at amortized cost

       Financial liabilities including borrowings and trade and other payables are
       subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest
       method.

       Derecognition of financial liabilities

       The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when,
       the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have expired.
       The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
       derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in
       profit or loss.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Derivative financial instruments

                Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date when
                derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently remeasured
                to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain
                or loss is recognized in profit or loss unless the derivative is designated
                and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of
                the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge
                relationship.

                Hedge accounting

                The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for fair
                value hedges and cash flow hedges.

                At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the
                relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along
                with its risk management objectives and its strategy for undertaking
                various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at the inception of the hedge
                and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the hedging
                instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk.

                For the purpose of determining whether a forecast transaction (or a
                component thereof) is highly probable, the Group assumes that the
                interest rate benchmark on which the hedged cash flows (contractually or
                non-contractually specified) are based is not altered as a result of interest
                rate benchmark reform.

                Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

                For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the
                hedging instrument is effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash
                flows of the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, which is when
                the hedging relationships meet all of the following hedge effectiveness
                requirements:

                •     there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the
                      hedging instrument;

                •     the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that
                      result from that economic relationship; and


168   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

   3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

      Financial instruments (Continued)

      Hedge accounting (Continued)

       Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness (Continued)

       •   the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that
           resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
           actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the
           entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.

       If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
       requirement relating to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective
       for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group
       adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship (i.e. rebalances the
       hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

       For changes made to the hedged risk, hedged item or hedging instrument
       required by interest rate benchmark reform, the Group amends the formal
       designation of a hedging relationship to reflect the changes by the end
       of the reporting period during which the relevant changes were made.
       Such an amendment to the formal designation of the hedging relationship
       constitutes neither the discontinuation of the hedging relationship nor the
       designation of a new hedging relationship.

       Fair value hedges

       The fair value change on qualifying hedging instruments is recognized in
       profit or loss.

       The carrying amount of a hedged item not already measured at fair value
       is adjusted for the fair value change attributable to the hedged risk with a
       corresponding entry in profit or loss.

       Where hedging gains or losses are recognized in profit or loss, they are
       recognized in the same line as the hedged item.

       The Group separates the intrinsic value and time value of certain forward
       extra contracts and designates as the hedging instrument only the change
       in intrinsic value and not the change in its time value. The change in
       fair value of the time value shall be recognized in other comprehensive
       income to the extent that it relates to the hedged item and shall be
       accumulated in a separate component of equity.

                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
          STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          (Continued)

           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Financial instruments (Continued)

                Hedge accounting (Continued)

                Cash flow hedges

                The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives
                instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is
                recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the
                heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative change
                in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or
                loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit
                or loss, and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

                When a hedged item in a cash flow hedge is amended to reflect the
                changes that are required by the interest rate benchmark reform, the
                amount accumulated in the cash flow hedge reserve is deemed to be
                based on the alternative benchmark rate on which the hedged future cash
                flows are determined.

                Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income and
                accumulated in equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when
                the hedged item affects profit or loss, in the same line as the recognized
                hedged item. Furthermore, if the Group expects that some or all of the
                loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be recovered in
                the future that amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

                Hedges of net investments in foreign operations

                Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for
                similarly to cash flow hedges. Any gain or loss on the hedging instrument
                relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognized in other
                comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of translation
                reserve. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized
                immediately in profit or loss, and is included in the “other gains or losses”
                line item.

                Gains or losses on the hedging instrument relating to the effective portion
                of the hedge accumulated in the translation reserve are reclassified to
                profit or loss on disposal of the foreign operation.




170   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




3.	BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
    (Continued)

     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)

         Hedge accounting (Continued)

         Discontinuation of hedge accounting

         The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the
         hedging relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying
         criteria (after rebalancing, if applicable). This includes instances when
         the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised.
         Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a hedging relationship in
         its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting continues
         for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

         For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognized in other comprehensive
         income and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is
         recognized when the forecast transactions is ultimately recognized in
         profit or loss. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur,
         the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognized immediately in profit
         or loss.

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described
     in Note 3, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements,
     estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets that are
     not readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying
     assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are
     considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumption are reviewed on an on-going basis.
     Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the
     estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period
     of the revision and future periods if revision affects both current and future
     periods.

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

     The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving
     estimations, that the directors of the Company have made in the process of
     applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant
     effect on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

           Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)

           Performance obligation determination

           For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. FFS
           and CMO contracts usually have multiple deliverable units, which are generally
           in the form of technical laboratory reports, samples and/or goods), the Group
           allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on a relative
           stand-alone selling price basis, except for the allocation of discounts and
           variable consideration.

           A performance obligation represents a good and service that is distinct or a
           series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. In certain
           sales contracts, the Group is required to fulfil multiple promised goods and/
           or services. In determining performance obligations, the management of the
           Group used judgements and interpretation of the contracts in identification of
           contractual components and related performance obligations, based on which
           the management of the Group concluded those goods and/or services as single
           or combined performance obligations.

           Determination on lease term of contracts with renewal options

           The Group applies judgement to determine the lease term for lease contracts
           in which it is a lessee that include renewal option. The assessment of whether
           the Group is reasonably certain to exercise renewal options impacts the lease
           term, which significantly affects the amount of lease liabilities and right-of-use
           assets recognized. Re-assessment is performed upon the occurrence of either
           a significant event or a significant change in circumstances that is within the
           control of lessee and that affects the assessment.

           When assessing reasonable certainty, the Group considers all relevant facts
           and circumstances including economic incentives/penalties for exercising or
           not exercising the options. Factors considered include:

           •    contractual terms and conditions for the optional periods compared
                with market rates (e.g. whether the amount of payments in the optional
                periods is below the market rates);

           •    costs relating to termination of the lease (e.g. relocation costs, costs of
                identifying another underlying asset suitable for the Group’s needs).

           During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Group entered into several
           lease contracts in which the Group is a lessee that include renewal option.
           The Group determines that it is not reasonably certain to exercise the
           renewal option based on facts and circumstances for the lease, resulted in no
           additional amount of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities recognized.

172   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
    ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

   Key sources of estimation uncertainty

   The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key
   sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that
   may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
   amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

  Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets

   The Group uses practical expedient in estimating ECL on trade receivables
   and contract assets which are not assessed individually using a provision
   matrix. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of
   various debtors taking into consideration the Group’s historical default rates
   and forward-looking information that is reasonable and supportable available
   without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed
   default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information
   are considered.

   The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates within both provision
   matrix and individual assessment. The information about the ECL and the
   Group’s trade receivables and contract assets are disclosed in Note 37(b).

   As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of trade receivables and
   contract assets are RMB4,650,663,000 and RMB493,566,000 respectively
   (2021: RMB3,123,755,000 and RMB132,545,000).

  Fair value measurements of unlisted equity investments

   As at December 31, 2022, certain of the Group’s investments in unlisted
   equity instruments accounted under financial assets at FVTPL, equity
   instruments at FVTOCI and investment of an associate measured at FVTPL
   amounting to RMB706,005,000 (2021: RMB599,262,000), RMB41,470,000
   (2021: RMB94,413,000) and RMB1,581,565,000 (2021: RMB752,275,000)
   respectively are measured at fair value being determined based on direct
   or indirect observable inputs or significant unobservable inputs using
   valuation techniques. Judgement and estimation are required in establishing
   the relevant valuation techniques and relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
   assumption relating to these factors could affect the fair values of these
   instruments. Details of the fair value measurement are disclosed in Note 37(c).




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
          ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

           Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

           Estimated impairment of goodwill

           Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the
           recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating
           units) to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the amount of the value
           in use. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future
           cash flows expected to arise from the cash-generating unit (or a group of
           cash-generating units) and an appropriate discount rate in order to calculate
           the present value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than expected,
           or change in facts and circumstances which results in downward revision of
           future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, a material impairment
           loss may arise.

           As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill is RMB1,529,914,000
           (2021: RMB1,529,914,000). Details of the recoverable amount calculation are
           disclosed in Note 16.

           Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
           assets and intangible assets

           Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are
           stated at costs less accumulated depreciation/amortization and impairment,
           if any. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise
           judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an
           event has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2)
           whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
           amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash
           flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3)
           the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating the recoverable
           amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate.
           When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual
           asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong, including
           allocation of corporate assets when a reasonable and consistent basis of
           allocation can be established, otherwise recoverable amount is determined at
           the smallest group of cash-generating units, for which the relevant corporate
           assets have been allocated. Changing the assumptions and estimates,
           including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections,
           could materially affect recoverable amounts.




174   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




4.	CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
    ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

   Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

  Estimated impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
  assets and intangible assets (Continued)

   During the year ended December 31, 2022, the management of the Group
   assessed whether an event, including but not limited to the Covid-19 pandemic
   impacts, has occurred or any indicators that may affect the asset value.
   The management concluded that there were no indications of impairment
   or the recoverable amounts of the related assets that may have impairment
   indications were higher than the carrying amounts, thus no impairment loss
   has been recognized on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets
   and intangible assets.

  Impairment of contract costs

   The Group assesses periodically if contract costs may not be recoverable
   based on an assessment of the remaining amount of consideration the Group
   expects to receive in exchange of goods or services. Impairment are applied
   to contract costs where events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
   remaining amount of consideration to receive less the costs directly related
   to providing goods or services that have not been recognized as expense is
   lower than the carrying amount of contract costs. The remaining amount of
   consideration to receive has been determined based on the remaining amount
   of consideration expected to be recognized upon the completion of the
   contract. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
   difference will impact the carrying value of contract costs in the year in which
   such estimate changes.

   As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of contract costs was
   R M B1,096,480,000 (2021: R M B1,005,470,000) (n e t o f w r i t e d o w n s o f
   RMB136,283,000 (2021: RMB103,923,000)).

  Allowance for inventories

   The Group reviews the carrying amount of inventories at each balance sheet
   date to determine whether the inventories are carried at the lower of cost
   and realizable value. The Group estimates the net realizable value, based
   on current market situation and historical experience on similar inventories.
   Any change in the assumption would increase or decrease the amount of
   inventories allowance or the related reversal. The change in allowance would
   affect the Group’s loss for the year.

   As at December 31, 2022, the carrying amounts of inventories was
   R M B2,280,911,000 (2021: R M B1,687,375,000) (n e t o f w r i t e d o w n s o f
   RMB207,041,000 (2021: RMB251,329,000)).

                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      5.   REVENUE

           (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                 The Group derives its revenue from the transfer of goods and services at a
                 point in time and over time in the following major service lines:

                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                 Type of goods or services

                 Services
                 — Research services on FFS basis               12,759,861      8,035,344
                 — Research services on full-time-equivalent
                     (“FTE”) basis                                 265,617       240,513
                 — Project management organization (“PMO”)
                     services                                       22,445         17,975

                                                                13,047,923      8,293,832

                 Sales of goods                                  2,220,737      1,996,218

                 Total                                          15,268,660    10,290,050


                 Timing of revenue recognition

                 A point in time
                 — Research services on FFS basis               12,488,720      8,002,518
                 — Sales of goods                                2,220,737      1,996,218

                 Over time
                 — Research services on FFS basis                  271,141        32,826
                 — Research services on FTE basis                  265,617       240,513
                 — PMO services                                     22,445        17,975

                 Total                                          15,268,660    10,290,050




176   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




5.	REVENUE (Continued)

   (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

      Research services on FFS basis

      The Group primarily earns revenue by providing research services to its
      customers through FFS contracts. Contract duration ranges from few
      months to years.

      Typical FFS contracts

      Majority of FFS contracts entered by the Group contain multiple
      deliverable units, which are generally in the form of technical laboratory
      reports and/or samples, each with individual selling price specified in the
      contract. Usually, the Group identifies each deliverable unit as a separate
      performance obligation, and recognizes FFS revenue of contractual
      elements at the point upon acceptance of the deliverable units or
      after the end of a confirmation period. The contracts include payment
      schedules which require stage payments over the research period once
      certain specified milestones are reached. The Group’s performance does
      not create an asset with alternative future use since the Group cannot
      redirect the asset for use on another customer, and at the same time the
      Group has a present right to payment from the customers for services
      performed only upon acceptance of the deliverable units, therefore, the
      directors of the Company have concluded that the performance obligation
      of such FFS contract is satisfied at a point in time and recognized the FFS
      revenue at a point in time.

      In addition, usually there is a performance obligation embedded in the
      abovementioned FFS contracts namely project management service for
      which the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
      simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
      performances. As such, the directors of the Company concluded that the
      performance obligation of the project management service is satisfied
      over time and the associated revenue is recognized over the service
      period using input method.

      Other FFS contracts

      For certain type of FFS contracts, services are delivered to the customers
      based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance
      obligation as the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an
      alternative future use and the contract terms specify that the Group has
      an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
      Therefore, revenue generated from such FFS contracts is recognized over
      time using input method.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      5.	REVENUE (Continued)

           (ii)	Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

                Research services on FTE basis

                For the research services provided on a FTE basis, the Group provides its
                customer with a project team of employees dedicated to the customer’s
                studies for a specific period of time and charges the customer at a
                fixed hourly/daily rate per employee. For the services under FTE model,
                the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
                simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
                performances. Therefore, the performance obligation of FTE services is
                satisfied over time and FTE revenue is recognized over the service period.
                The customers shall pay the Group a prorated amount for the service
                based on the fixed rate per employee.

                Sales of goods

                The Group engages in production and sales of drug substance and/
                or drug products on CMO basis or biologics purification medium and
                chromatographic column (“other Biologics Products”) under customers’
                specific order. The directors of the Company have determined that
                performance obligations are satisfied upon customers’ acceptance of
                the deliverable goods. Therefore, the performance obligations of CMO
                contracts and other Biologics Products are satisfied at a point in time and
                the associated revenue is recognized at a point in time upon customers’
                acceptance of the deliverable goods.

                PMO services

                The Group engages in PMO by providing its customers with the
                construction project management service on facilities. For PMO services,
                the directors of the Company have assessed that the customers
                simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
                performances. Therefore, the management of the Group have concluded
                that the performance obligation on PMO services is satisfied over time
                and the associated revenue is recognized over the service period using
                input method.




178   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




5.	REVENUE (Continued)

   (iii) T r a n s a c t i o n p r i c e a l l o c a t e d t o t h e r e m a i n i n g p e r f o r m a n c e
         obligation for contracts with customers

        The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance
        obligations of goods or services that are unsatisfied (or partially
        unsatisfied) including no variable consideration are as follows:

                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                       RMB million         RMB million

        within one year                                                       11,093              8,607
        2–5 years                                                             38,291             21,559
        5–10 years                                                            62,431             26,835
        over 10 years                                                         26,436             30,709

                                                                            138,251              87,710


        For the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment,
        the chief operating decision maker (i.e. the chief executive officer of
        the Company) reviews the overall results and financial position of the
        Group as a whole prepared based on the same accounting policies as
        set out in Note 3. Accordingly, the Group has only one single operating
        and reportable segment and no further analysis of this single segment is
        presented.

        Geographical information

        An analysis of the Group’s revenue from external customers, analyzed by
        their respective country/region of operation, is detailed below:

                                                                             2022               2021
                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

        Revenue
        — North America                                                  8,496,361           5,228,865
        — PRC                                                            3,719,048           2,510,740
        — Europe                                                         2,546,172           2,276,262
        — Rest of the world                                                507,079             274,183

                                                                        15,268,660         10,290,050




                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022       179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      5.	REVENUE (Continued)

           (iii)	T r a n s a c t i o n p r i c e a l l o c a t e d t o t h e r e m a i n i n g p e r f o r m a n c e
                  obligation for contracts with customers (Continued)

                Geographical information (Continued)

                As at December 31, 2022, the Group’s non-current assets other than
                financial instruments and deferred tax assets located in Ireland, Germany,
                USA and Singapore amount to RMB10,120,685,000, RMB2,794,914,000,
                RMB1,840,142,000 and RMB25,529,000 respectively (December 31,
                2021: RMB7,743,261,000, RMB2,388,062,000, RMB1,078,688,000 and
                RMB3,954,000 respectively), the remaining of the non-current assets are
                located in the PRC.

                Information about major customers

                Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10%
                of the total sales of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

                Customer A (note)                                                 1,709,429                 N/A
                Customer B (note)                                                       N/A           1,520,777


                Note:       N/A: not disclosed as amount less than 10% of total revenue.


      6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

           Interest income from banks and other financial
             assets at amortized cost                                                107,475              58,026
           Research and other grants related to
           — Asset (note i)                                                           29,649             26,292
           — Income (note ii)                                                        160,015            111,638
           Dividend from an equity instrument at FVTOCI                                8,315                 —
           Others                                                                          —                649

                                                                                     305,454            196,605




180   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022




6.	OTHER INCOME (Continued)

     Notes:

     i.    The Group has received certain research and other grants as incentive for
           investing in laboratory equipment. The grants were recognized in profit or loss
           over the useful lives of the relevant assets. Details of the grants are set out in
           Note 34.

     ii.   The research and other grants received by the Group during the year were mainly
           related to the Group’s contribution to the local high-tech industry and economy.
           These grants are unconditional and accounted for as immediate financial support
           with neither future related costs expected to be incurred nor related to any assets
           of the Group.


7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

     Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                               417,201            (32,584)
     (Loss) gain on derivative financial instruments                (48,046)            32,593
     Fair value (loss) gain on
     — listed equity securities at FVTPL                           (362,042)          164,106
     — unlisted equity investments at FVTPL                         (94,978)           74,428
     — investment of an associate measured at FVTPL                 809,898           366,053
     — wealth management products                                    26,559            60,853
     Others                                                          17,941               188

                                                                    766,533           665,637


8.   FINANCING COSTS

                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

     Interest expense on financing component of an
       advance payment received from a customer                       10,287             9,752
     Interest expense on bank borrowings                              63,187            53,509
     Interest expense on lease liabilities                            50,707            39,966
     Less: amounts capitalized in the cost of qualifying
       assets                                                        (59,799)          (64,036)

                                                                      64,382            39,191


     During the current year, borrowing cost arose on the certain general
     borrowings were capitalized to expenditure on qualifying assets at rates
     varying from 1.39% to 2.55% (2021: 1.29% to 2.31%) per annum.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      9.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

           Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

                                                                     2022         2021
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000

           Depreciation for property, plant and equipment          814,195       528,558
           Depreciation for right-of-use assets                    170,413       126,871
           Amortization of intangible assets                        58,382        47,669

                                                                 1,042,990       703,098

           Staff cost (including directors’ emoluments):
           — Salaries and other benefits                         4,036,159     3,572,689
           — Retirement benefits scheme contributions              332,120       208,076
           — Share-based payment expenses                        1,296,759       577,952

                                                                 5,665,038     4,358,717

           Depreciation, amortization, staff cost and
            overhead
           — capitalized in contract cost                          (894,778)    (555,877)
           — capitalized in property, plant and equipment          (771,668)    (769,324)

                                                                (1,666,446)    (1,325,201)

           Impairment losses, under expected credit loss
             model, net of reversal
           — Trade receivables                                     243,195       129,664
           — Contract assets                                        16,819         2,712
           — Receivables for purchase of raw materials on
              behalf of customers                                    (1,489)      24,291

                                                                   258,525       156,667

           Covid-19-related rent concessions                              —         (188)
           Auditors’ remuneration                                     6,345        6,010
           Write-down of inventories (included in
             cost of sales)                                          85,200      235,217
           Reversals of write-down of inventories
             (included in cost of sales)                            (82,992)     (14,656)
           Write-down of contract costs (included in
             cost of sales)                                         32,360        90,488
           Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment        19,273           870
           Cost of inventories recognized as an expense          3,223,842     2,338,374


182   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                              2022              2021
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current tax:
   — PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                       939,572           664,266
   — Hong Kong Profits Tax                                   205,132           123,519
   Over provision in prior years                            (367,341)         (137,255)

                                                             777,363           650,530
   Deferred tax:
   — Current year                                              30,502         (165,992)

                                                             807,865           484,538


   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and
   Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the EIT rate of the PRC subsidiaries
   is 25%.

   Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime in Hong Kong, the first HK$2
   million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and
   profits above HK$2 million will be taxed at 16.5%.

   For certain Group’s subsidiaries operating in the PRC are eligible for certain
   concessions, which were accredited as “High and New Technology Enterprise”,
   “Technologically Advanced Service Enterprise” or “Micro and Small Enterprise”
   were therefore entitled to a preferential EIT rate of 15% or certain concessions.

   The directors of the Company are of the view that it is very probable that
   the subsidiaries which are eligible for “High and New Technology Enterprise”
   and “Technologically Advanced Service Enterprise” tax preference are able to
   extend their accreditation upon expiry.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      10.	INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

           Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the
           relevant jurisdictions.

                                                                      2022            2021
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000

           Profit before tax                                       5,357,771       3,993,119

           Tax charge at the EIT rate of 25%                       1,339,443         998,280
           Tax effect of income that is exempt from taxation         (98,890)       (134,435)
           Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax
             purpose                                                 581,259         183,947
           Over provision in respect of prior years                 (367,341)       (137,255)
           Effect of weighted deduction of research and
             development expense                                    (102,379)        (82,347)
           Effect of unused tax losses not recognized as
             deferred tax assets                                     196,896         129,285
           Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized
             as deferred tax assets                                  (19,182)         (1,076)
           Tax at concessionary rates                               (638,916)       (413,749)
           Decrease (increase) in opening deferred tax
             assets resulting from an decrease (increase) in
             applicable tax rates                                       5,308            (560)
           Effect of different tax rate of operating entities in
             other jurisdiction                                       (88,333)       (57,552)

           Income tax expense                                        807,865         484,538




184   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

   Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and the Chief
   Executive of the Company for the service provided to the Group during the
   years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

   Chief Executive and executive director:
   Dr. Zhisheng Chen (note i)
   — director’s fee                                              —                —
   — salaries and other benefits                             3,000             3,027
   — performance-based bonus (note iv)                       1,500             1,500
   — retirement benefits scheme contributions                    —                —
   — share-based compensation                               74,170            46,267

                                                            78,670            50,794


   Executive director:
   Dr. Weichang Zhou
   — director’s fee                                              —                —
   — salaries and other benefits                             2,091             1,815
   — performance-based bonus (note iv)                         836               717
   — retirement benefits scheme contributions                   96                85
   — share-based compensation                               21,957            11,587

                                                            24,980            14,204


   The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their service
   in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company and the
   Group.




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

                                                                2022          2021
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

           Non-executive directors:
           Dr. Ge Li
           — director’s fee                                          —             —
           — salaries and other benefits                             —             —
           — performance-based bonus                                 —             —
           — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —             —
           — share-based compensation                                —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Mr. Edward Hu (note ii)
           — director’s fee                                          —            —
           — salaries and other benefits                             —            —
           — performance-based bonus                                 —            —
           — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —            —
           — share-based compensation                                —           194

                                                                     —           194

           Mr. Yibing Wu
           — director’s fee                                          —             —
           — salaries and other benefits                             —             —
           — performance-based bonus                                 —             —
           — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —             —
           — share-based compensation                                —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Mr. Yanling Cao
           — director’s fee                                          —             —
           — salaries and other benefits                             —             —
           — performance-based bonus                                 —             —
           — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —             —
           — share-based compensation                                —             —

                                                                     —             —

           Dr. Ning Zhao (note ii)
           — director’s fee                                        388           206
           — salaries and other benefits                             —            —
           — performance-based bonus                                 —            —
           — retirement benefits scheme contributions                —            —
           — share-based compensation                                —            —

                                                                   388           206


           The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services
           as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.



186   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (Continued)

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

   Independent non-executive directors:
   Mr. William Robert Keller
   — director’s fee                                             325               187
   — salaries and other benefits                                  —                —
   — performance-based bonus                                      —                —
   — retirement benefits scheme contributions                     —                —
   — share-based compensation                                   245               206

                                                                570               393


   Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (note iii)
   — director’s fee                                             241                —
   — salaries and other benefits                                  —                —
   — performance-based bonus                                      —                —
   — retirement benefits scheme contributions                     —                —
   — share-based compensation                                   354               413

                                                                595               413


   Mr. Kenneth Walton Hitchner III
   — director’s fee                                             130               167
   — salaries and other benefits                                  —                —
   — performance-based bonus                                      —                —
   — retirement benefits scheme contributions                     —                —
   — share-based compensation                                   491               219

                                                                621               386


   The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for
   their services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
           (Continued)

           Notes:

           i.     Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the Chief Executive of the Group and his emoluments
                  disclosed above included those for services rendered by him as the Chief
                  Executive.

           ii.    On June 16, 2021, Mr. Edward Hu resigned as non-executive director of the
                  Company and Dr. Ning Zhao was appointed as non-executive director of the
                  Company.

           iii.   On November 25, 2022, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk resigned from the
                  independent non-executive director position of the Company.

           iv.    The performance-based bonus is discretionary based on the Group’s financial
                  results and the directors’ performance as reviewed by the remuneration
                  committee of the board of the directors of the Company and approved by the
                  board of the directors of the Company.

           Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

           The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group include two
           (2021: two) directors disclosed above. The emoluments of the five highest paid
           individuals (including directors) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
           2021 were as follows:

                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

           Salaries and other benefits                                13,624         13,013
           Performance-based bonus                                     5,549          5,467
           Retirement benefits scheme contributions                       96            168
           Share-based compensation                                  146,215         84,126

                                                                     165,484       102,774




188   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




11.	DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (Continued)

   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments (Continued)

   The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals were within the following
   bands:

                                                         Number of        Number of
                                                        individuals       individuals
                                                              2022              2021

   HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                     —                1
   HK$13,500,001 to HK$14,000,000                                   —                1
   HK$15,500,001 to HK$16,000,000                                   1                —
   HK$17,000,001 to HK$17,500,000                                   —                1
   HK$19,000,001 to HK$19,500,000                                   1                —
   HK$25,000,001 to HK$25,500,000                                   —                1
   HK$27,500,001 to HK$28,000,000                                   1                —
   HK$34,000,001 to HK$34,500,000                                   1                —
   HK$61,000,001 to HK$61,500,000                                   —                1
   HK$87,500,001 to HK$88,000,000                                   1                —

                                                                    5                 5


   During the year ended December 31, 2022, no emoluments (2021: nil) were
   paid by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid
   individuals (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or
   upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the
   directors of the Company have waived any emoluments during the year ended
   December 31, 2022 (2021: nil).




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE

           The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the
           following data:

                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000

           Earnings:
           Earnings for the purpose of calculating basic
             and diluted earnings per share                     4,420,286       3,388,478


                                                                      2022            2021

           Number of shares:
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
             the purpose of calculating basic earnings per
             share                                            4,172,735,893   4,173,681,127

           Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
             Share options                                     178,896,369     214,224,668
             Restricted shares                                  24,275,631      33,891,139

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
            the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per
            share                                             4,375,907,893   4,421,796,934


           The weighted average number of ordinary shares shown above have been
           arrived at after deducting the weighted average effect on 61,789,907 shares
           (December 31, 2021: 42,721,312 shares) held by a trustee under Restricted
           Share Award Scheme as set out in Note 35 for the year ended December 31,
           2022.

      13. DIVIDENDS

           No dividend was paid or proposed for ordinary shareholders of the Company
           during the year ended December 31, 2022, nor has any dividend been
           proposed since the end of the reporting period (2021: nil).




190   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2022




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                       Land,
                                                   Furniture                  buildings and                 Construction
                                               fixtures and    Transportation    staff living   Leasehold    in progress
                                 Machinery       equipment         equipment        quarters improvement          (“CIP”)        Total
                                  RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                     (note ii)

   COST
   As at January 1, 2021          2,334,334        325,781           1,796        301,155      1,304,676       8,910,989    13,178,731
   Acquisition of subsidiaries      285,083         17,490             680        305,713        180,301          44,214       833,481
   Additions                         21,268          4,894             349          3,524          9,701       6,454,298     6,494,034
   Transfer from CIP              1,799,588        225,031           1,101      1,598,021        307,671      (3,931,412)           —
   Disposals                        (16,804)        (1,527)             —         (99,606)        (4,039)             —       (121,976)
   Exchange alignment                (2,042)            —               —         (11,516)        (3,556)       (605,448)     (622,562)

   At December 31, 2021          4,421,427        571,669            3,926      2,097,291      1,794,754     10,872,641     19,761,708

   Additions (note i)               33,888            111            1,014              —              —      6,432,458      6,467,471
   Transfer from CIP               821,198        193,479              635          6,272        786,690     (1,808,274)             —
   Disposals                       (31,721)        (3,978)            (693)           (28)       (15,071)             —        (51,491)
   Exchange alignment               15,271          2,548                9         10,676         14,756        438,166        481,426

   At December 31, 2022          5,260,063        763,829            4,891      2,114,211      2,581,129     15,934,991     26,659,114


   DEPRECIATION AND
      IMPAIRMENT
   As at January 1, 2021           (789,992)       (88,168)           (979)         (4,842)     (298,579)              —     (1,182,560)
   Provided for the year           (365,354)       (60,760)           (929)        (35,645)      (65,870)              —       (528,558)
   Eliminated on disposals           10,471          1,267              —              661         1,164               —         13,563
   Exchange alignment                    87             —               —              255         1,000               —          1,342

   At December 31, 2021          (1,144,788)     (147,661)          (1,908)       (39,571)      (362,285)              —    (1,696,213)

   Provided for the year          (478,735)        (87,694)           (836)      (103,017)      (143,913)              —      (814,195)
   Eliminated on disposals          23,458           3,078             534              —          1,308               —        28,378
   Exchange alignment               (2,203)           (378)             (4)        (1,608)        (2,152)              —        (6,345)

   At December 31, 2022          (1,602,268)     (232,655)          (2,214)      (144,196)      (507,042)              —    (2,488,375)


   CARRYING VALUES
   At December 31, 2021           3,276,639        424,008           2,018      2,057,720      1,432,469     10,872,641     18,065,495


   At December 31, 2022          3,657,795        531,174            2,677      1,970,015      2,074,087     15,934,991     24,170,739


   Notes:

   i.      Out of total increase of property, plant and equipment during the year ended
           December 31, 2022:

           •        The Group acquired new staff living quarters amounting to RMB285 million,
                    which is in-progress for disposal to eligible employees as part of employees’
                    benefits, and certain living quarters are under finance lease arrangement;


                                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                     191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      14.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

           Notes: (Continued)

           i.    (Continued)

                 •    The Group had two asset acquisition deals with a total consideration of
                      RMB256 million, out of which RMB107 million has been paid during the year
                      ended December 31, 2022.

           ii.   During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group disposed certain
                 staff living quarters in Shanghai to eligible employees as part of employees’
                 benefits, and certain living quarters are under finance lease arrangement. Details
                 are set out in Note 22.

           Except for freehold land and CIP, the above items of property, plant and
           equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis after taking into account of
           the residual value as follows:

           Machinery                                    9%–20% per annum
           Furniture, fixtures and equipment            9%–20% per annum
           Transportation equipment                     18% per annum
           Buildings and staff living quarters          1.4%–4.5% per annum
           Leasehold improvement                        Over the shorter of the lease term or
                                                          twenty years




192   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2022




15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                        Leasehold        Leased
                                            lands     properties   Machinery          Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000

   As at December 31, 2022
   Carrying amount                       219,606      1,413,183       112,470      1,745,259

   As at December 31, 2021
   Carrying amount                       223,045      1,341,414       125,842      1,690,301

   For the year ended
     December 31, 2022
   Depreciation charge                      4,184       152,857        13,372        170,413
   Capitalized in contract cost                 —       (11,601)         (318)       (11,919)
   Capitalized in property, plant and
     equipment                                 —        (65,474)      (10,976)       (76,450)

                                            4,184        75,782         2,078         82,044


   For the year ended
     December 31, 2021
   Depreciation charge                      3,915       116,263         6,693        126,871
   Capitalized in contract cost                 —       (24,224)            —        (24,224)
   Capitalized in property, plant and
     equipment                                 —        (66,519)       (6,587)       (73,106)

                                            3,915        25,520           106         29,541




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      15.	RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           Expense relating to short-term leases                   21,809         9,759
           Total cash outflow for leases                          193,601       155,658
           Additions to right-of-use assets                       184,344       960,468


           For both years, the Group leases various offices, laboratories, plant and
           equipment for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for a fixed term
           of two to ten years, but may have extension options as described in Note 4.
           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
           of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing
           the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a
           contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.

           Leasehold lands mainly represent upfront payments for leasehold lands in the
           PRC, for which the Group has obtained the land use right certificates.

           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for equipment and offices.
           As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar
           to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expenses
           are disclosed above.

           Restrictions or covenants on leases

           In addition, lease liabilities of RMB1,638,668,000 are recognized with related
           right-of-use assets of RMB1,525,653,000 as at December 31, 2022 (2021: lease
           liabilities of RMB1,532,879,000 are recognized with related right-of-use assets
           of RMB1,467,256,000). The lease agreements do not impose any covenants
           other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the
           lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




194   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




16. GOODWILL

   As at December 31, 2022, goodwill amounting to RMB1,529,914,000 was arising
   from acquisitions in previous years, of (a) Bestchrom (Zhejiang) Biosciences
   Co., Ltd. (“Bestchrom Zhejiang”, formerly known as Pinghu U-Pure Biosciences
   Co., Ltd.) and Bestchrom (Shanghai) Biosciences Ltd. (“Bestchrom Shanghai”,
   together with Bestchrom Zhejiang referred to as “Bestchrom”), (b) CMAB
   Biopharma Limited (“CMAB BVI”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as
   “CMAB Group”), and (c) the payload and linker business (the “Payload and
   Linker Business”), respectively.

                                                              Acquisition
                                 Acquisition    Acquisition   of Payload
                                          of      of CMAB     and Linker
                                 Bestchrom           Group      Business         Total
                                   RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

   COST AND CARRYING VALUES
   At December 31, 2021 and
     December 31, 2022              185,408      1,129,313       215,193      1,529,914


   (a) Acquisition of Bestchrom

       The goodwill amounted to RMB185,408,000 was arising from the
       acquisition of 50.1% equity interest in Bestchrom Zhejiang and Bestchrom
       Shanghai by the Group during the year ended December 31, 2019.

       For the purposes of impairment testing, Bestchrom Zhejiang and
       Bestchrom Shanghai are allocated as an individual cash-generating unit
       (the “Bestchrom Unit”). The recoverable amount of the Bestchrom Unit
       has been determined based on a value in use calculation. That calculation
       uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by
       management covering a 5-year period, and pre-tax discount rate of 16%
       (2021: 17%). Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects the current market
       assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
       Bestchrom Unit. The Bestchrom Unit’s expected annual growth rates
       are extrapolated using a steady 3% (2021: 3%) growth rate. Other key
       assumptions for the value in use calculations related to the estimation of
       cash inflows/outflows which include revenue growth rate, such estimation
       is based on the Bestchrom Unit’s past performance and management’s
       expectation for the market development.

       The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount
       of the Bestchrom Unit, management of the Group believes that any
       reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not result
       in impairment.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      16.	GOODWILL (Continued)

           (b) Acquisition of CMAB Group

                The goodwill amounted to RMB1,129,313,000 was arising from the Group’s
                acquisition of 100% equity interest in CMAB Group during the year ended
                December 31, 2021.

                For the purposes of impairment testing, CMAB Group are allocated as
                an individual cash-generating unit (the “CMAB Unit”). The recoverable
                amount of the CMAB Unit has been determined based on a value in use
                calculation. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial
                budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and pre-tax
                discount rate of 15% (2021: 15%). Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects
                the current market assessments of the time value of money and the
                risks specific to the CMAB Unit. The CMAB Unit’s expected annual growth
                rate till 2027 is 3%-18% (2021: 3.6%-163.7%). The CMAB Unit’s cash flows
                beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a steady 3% (2021: 3%)
                growth rate. Other key assumptions for the value in use calculations
                related to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which include revenue
                growth rate, such estimation is based on the CMAB Group’s past
                performance and management’s expectation for the market development.

                The recoverable amount is significantly above the carrying amount of
                the CMAB Unit, management of the Group believes that any reasonably
                possible change in any of these assumptions would not result in
                impairment.

           (c) Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business

                The goodwill amounted to RMB215,193,000 was arising from the Group’s
                acquisition of Payload and Linker Business during the year ended
                December 31, 2021.

                For the purposes of impairment testing, the acquired Payload and
                Linker Business is allocated as an individual cash-generating unit (the
                “Payload and Linker Unit”). The recoverable amount of the Payload and
                Linker Unit has been determined based on a value in use calculation.
                That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets
                approved by management covering a 5-year period, and pre-tax discount
                rate of 17% (2021: 16%). Pre-tax discount rate applied reflects the current
                market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
                to the Payload and Linker Unit. Other key assumptions for the value in
                use calculations related to the estimation of cash inflows/outflows which
                include revenue growth rate, such estimation is based on the Payload and
                Linker Unit’s past performance and management’s expectation for the
                market development.




196   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022




16.	GOODWILL (Continued)

   (c)	Acquisition of Payload and Linker Business (Continued)

          The cash flows beyond the 5-year period are extrapolated using a growth
          rate based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed
          the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry.

          Based on the above assessment, management of the Group determines
          that there is no impairment on the Payload and Linker Unit during and at
          the end of the reporting period. Management of the Group believes that
          any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not
          result in impairment.

17. INVESTMENT OF AN ASSOCIATE MEASURED AT FVTPL

   Details of the Group’s associate at the end of the reporting period are as
   follows:

                                       Principal
                          Country of place of       Proportion of ownership Proportion of voting rights
   Name of entity         registration business    interest held by the Group   held by the Group       Principal activity
                                                         2022         2021          2022         2021

   Shanghai Duoning       PRC          PRC             17.36%       18.44%          20%           20%    Sales of serum-free media
     Biotechnology Co.,                                                                                    and disposable products,
     Ltd. (“Duoning”)                                                                                      formulation production
                                                                                                           and services

   As at June 30, 2021, the Group’s shareholding in Duoning has been increased
   to 21.78% with consideration paid in full. Up to December 31, 2021, other
   investors further invested in Duoning and the Group’s shareholding in Duoning
   was diluted to 18.44%. Up to December 31, 2022, other investors further
   invested in Duoning and the Group’s shareholding in Duoning was diluted to
   17.36%. The Group maintained significant influence in Duoning through its
   representation on the board of directors.

   Details of the fair value measurement of the investment of an associate
   measured at FVTPL are set out in Note 37(c).




                                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                  197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      18. DEFERRED TAXATION

           For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial
           position, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The
           following is a summary of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
           purposes:

                                                                                                                       2022                     2021
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

           Deferred tax assets                                                                                        222,568                  220,787
           Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  (132,076)                (124,211)

                                                                                                                      90,492                     96,576


           The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized and
           movements thereon before offsetting during the reporting periods:

                                                                                               Fair value
                                              Allowance                                       adjustment
                                                      on                            Deferred arising from
                                             inventories            Accelerated        rental acquisition Unrealized Derivative
                                    Deferred and credit     Accrued          tax       under            of exchange financial Deductible
                                     income       losses   expenses depreciation     IFRS 16 subsidiaries       gain instruments    loss      Others       Total
                                   RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                 RMB’000     RMB’000


           At January 1, 2021        31,901      33,520      13,924       (5,439)      6,272    (17,673) (124,766)    (38,447)        —          (41) (100,749)
           Credited (charged) to
             profit or loss           3,351      40,580       4,883       2,058        2,148      6,922    119,582         —      22,883     (36,415)    165,992
           Charged to OCI                —           —           —           —            —          —          —      20,266         —           —       20,266
           Exchange alignment            —           —           —           —            —          —       5,184         —          —          (35)      5,149
           Acquisition of
             subsidiaries                —            —          —            —           —     (56,926)        —          —      62,844          —        5,918


           At December 31, 2021     35,252       74,100     18,807       (3,381)      8,420     (67,677)        —     (18,181)   85,727      (36,491)    96,576
           Credited (charged) to
             profit or loss          (1,891)     34,001     10,099        1,615       8,048       8,634         —          —     (66,760)    (24,248)    (30,502)
           Charged to OCI                —            —          —            —           —          —          —     29,866          —           —      29,866
           Exchange alignment            —            —          —            —           —          —          —          —          —       (5,448)     (5,448)


           At December 31, 2022     33,361     108,101      28,906       (1,766)     16,468     (59,043)        —     11,685     18,967      (66,187)    90,492




198   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




18.	DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

   As at December 31, 2022, the Group had unused tax losses of
   RMB1,161,320,000 (2021: RMB882,113,000) available to offset against
   future profits. A deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of
   RMB75,867,000 (2021: RMB342,908,000) of such losses. No deferred tax asset
   has been recognized in respect of the remaining RMB1,085,453,000 (2021:
   RMB539,205,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

   The unrecognized tax losses as at December 31, 2022 include RMB679,859,000
   (December 31, 2021: RMB302,386,000) of the losses arising from subsidiaries
   located in Hong Kong, USA, Singapore, Switzerland, Germany and Ireland
   which will be carried forward indefinitely until it’s fully offset. The remaining
   unrecognized tax losses will be carried forward and expire in years as follows:

                                                              2022              2021
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000

   2022                                                          N/A               537
   2023                                                           89               512
   2024                                                            —             3,870
   2025                                                        1,972               710
   2026                                                      332,889           231,190
   2027                                                       70,644               N/A

                                                             405,594           236,819


   Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
   statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated
   profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to RMB12,131,204,000 as at
   December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021: RMB6,476,650,000) as the Group
   is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
   and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the
   foreseeable future.




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                    Customer       Patent and
                                               Technology         relationship         license      Total
                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                   (note i)             (note i)      (note ii)

           Cost
           At January 1, 2021                           57,600          47,400        350,753      455,753
           Acquisition of subsidiaries/
             business                                   24,285         261,817              —      286,102
           Exchange alignment                               —               —          (35,115)    (35,115)

           At December 31, 2021                         81,885         309,217        315,638      706,740
           Exchange alignment                               —               —           8,851        8,851

           At December 31, 2022                         81,885         309,217        324,489      715,591

           Amortization
           At January 1, 2021                           (6,545)        (11,850)        (45,501)    (63,896)
           Charge for the year                          (6,248)        (24,592)        (16,829)    (47,669)
           Exchange alignment                               —               —            5,479       5,479

           At December 31, 2021                     (12,793)           (36,442)        (56,851)   (106,086)
           Charge for the year                       (6,755)           (36,023)        (15,604)    (58,382)
           Exchange alignment                            —                  —           (2,345)     (2,345)

           At December 31, 2022                    (19,548)            (72,465)       (74,800)    (166,813)


           Carrying Values
           At December 31, 2021                         69,092         272,775        258,787      600,654

           At December 31, 2022                     62,337            236,752         249,689     548,778


           Notes:

           i.    Technology and customer relationship were recognized as a result of the
                 acquisitions of subsidiaries/business in 2019 and 2021. The amounts represented
                 the intellectual property and existing customer relationships which have finite
                 useful life and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful
                 lives of 11 to 16 and 5 to 10 years, respectively.

           ii.   On June 25, 2018, the Group entered into a platform license agreement with
                 Open Monoclonal Technology, Inc. (“OMT”), an independent third party not
                 connected to the Group, under which OMT has granted the Group a non-exclusive,
                 non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use certain animals, namely,
                 OmniRat, OmniMouse and OmniFlic, for the purpose of researching, developing,
                 and making antibodies, for a cash consideration of US$51million (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB333,254,000). The Group has estimated the useful life of this
                 license based on the management’s understanding of the technology and market,
                 and determined the useful life in accordance with the estimation of the vendor,
                 Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, for period of 18 years from 2018 to 2035.
                 Accordingly, the license payment is amortized over 18 years on a straight-line
                 basis.

200   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




20. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

   Movement of equity instruments at FVTOCI are as follows:

                                                                               RMB’000

   Unlisted equity instruments
   As at January 1, 2021                                                        127,167
   Fair value change                                                            (29,819)
   Exchange alignment                                                            (2,935)

   As at December 31, 2021                                                        94,413
   Fair value change                                                             (59,731)
   Exchange alignment                                                              6,788

   As at December 31, 2022                                                       41,470


   Details of the fair value measurement of the equity instrument at FVTOCI are
   set out in Note 37(c).

21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL

                                                               2022              2021
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current asset
   Wealth management products (note)                        2,014,632           975,578

   Non-current assets
   Listed equity securities                                   380,171           756,872
   Unlisted equity investments                                706,005           599,262

   Financial assets at FVTPL                                1,086,176         1,356,134


   Note:   During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group entered into several
           contracts of wealth management products with banks under which the
           maturity terms are within 12 months. For the wealth management products,
           returns are determined by reference to the performance of the underlying
           instruments in the currency market, the interbank market, the bond market,
           the security and equity market and the derivative financial assets, and as
           such they are recognized as financial assets at FVTPL. The expected return
           rates vary from 1.31% to 4.1% (December 31, 2021: 0.11% to 4.53%) per annum.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      21.	FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (Continued)

           During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group managed and evaluated
           the unlisted investments in accordance with the Group’s investment strategy.

           Details of the fair value measurement of the financial assets at FVTPL are set
           out in Note 37(c).

           Financial assets at FVTPL that are denominated in currencies other than the
           functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                  2022           2021
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000

           Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)                             176,256       142,017
           RMB                                                    36,846        32,900
           Swiss Francs (“CHF”)                                   19,720        16,664




202   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




22. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES

   During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group entered into
   finance lease arrangements as lessor in connection with the disposal of certain
   staff living quarters of the Group to eligible employees. The average terms of
   finance leases entered is 10 years, upon the end of the finance lease period,
   the purchase option owned by the eligible employees will become exercisable.
   All interest rates inherent in the leases are 4.9% at the contract date over the
   lease terms.

                                                      Present value                       Present value
                                             Minimum    of minimum            Minimum       of minimum
                                                lease         lease              lease            lease
                                            payments      payments           payments         payments
                                         December 31, December 31,        December 31,    December 31,
                                                 2022          2022               2021             2021
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000

   Finance lease receivables comprise:
   Within one year                             20,467           14,166          20,542          13,564
   Within a period of more than
      one year but not exceeding
      two years                                20,282           14,610          20,620          14,248
   Within a period of more than
      two years but not exceeding
      five years                               60,845           47,922          61,860          46,683
   Within a period of more than
      five years                               52,835           46,639          73,471          63,554

                                              154,429          123,337         176,493         138,049
   Less: unearned finance income              (31,092)             N/A         (38,444)            N/A

   Present value of minimum lease
     payment receivables                      123,337          123,337         138,049         138,049

   Analyzed as:
     Current                                                    14,166                          13,564
     Non-current                                               109,171                         124,485

                                                               123,337                         138,049


   Finance lease receivables are secured over the related staff living quarters.
   The Group is not permitted to sell or pledge the collateral in the absence of
   default by the lessees.

   Details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 37(b).



                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      23. OTHER LONG-TERM DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS

           Other long-term deposits represent rental deposits paid for certain lease
           arrangements of office premises and deposits paid to guarantee certain
           milestones of construction projects.

           Prepayments represent payments to the banks for banking facilities granted to
           the Group which will be amortized over the facility period as well as prepaid
           insurance fee.

      24. INVENTORIES

                                                                  2022          2021
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

           Raw material and consumables                       2,250,582      1,663,332
           Work in progress                                      10,312          7,824
           Finished goods                                        20,017         16,219

           Total                                              2,280,911      1,687,375


           Raw materials and consumables are net of a write-down of approximately
           RMB207,041,000 as at December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB251,329,000).

      25. CONTRACT COSTS

                                                                  2022          2021
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000

           Costs to fulfil contracts                          1,096,480      1,005,470


           The contract costs are net of a write-down of approximately RMB136,283,000
           as at December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB103,923,000).




204   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2022




26. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                   2022              2021
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

   Trade receivables from contracts with customers
     — related parties                                              5,500             2,367
     Less: allowance for credit losses                               (199)              (76)
     — third parties                                            5,194,251         3,424,757
     Less: allowance for credit losses                           (548,889)         (303,293)

                                                                4,650,663         3,123,755

   Bills receivable from contracts with customers                          —           3,247

   Receivables for purchase of raw materials on
     behalf of customers                                          291,931           616,961
     Less: allowance for credit losses                            (28,889)          (30,378)

                                                                  263,042           586,583

   Advances to suppliers
    — related parties                                               16,995            12,607
    — third parties                                                 71,235            70,600

                                                                    88,230            83,207

   Other receivables (note i)                                     273,255           278,026
   Prepayments                                                     25,281            12,362
   Value added tax recoverable                                    309,892           620,584
   Receivable arising from payment for potential
     acquisition (note ii)                                                 —        149,555

                                                                  608,428         1,060,527

   Total trade and other receivables                            5,610,363         4,857,319


   Notes:

   i.    Included in other receivables at December 31, 2022, an amount of
         RMB247,000,000 (December 31, 2021: RMB216,338,000) is the receivable from
         bank in relation to the settled derivative financial instruments.

   ii.   In October 2020, the Group entered into a letter of intent with independent
         vendors pursuant to which the Group conditionally agreed to acquire not less than
         75% equity interest of a target company from the vendors. In November 2020, the
         first installment of RMB149,555,000 was paid to one of the vendors in accordance
         with the terms of the said letter. The proposed acquisition was subsequently
         terminated due to delay of closing of the shares transfer. During the current year,
         the aforementioned installment had been fully repaid to the Group.


                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      26.	TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

           Details of the trade and other receivables due from related parties are set out
           in Note 42(b).

           The Group allows a credit period ranging from 10 to 90 days to its customers.
           The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for
           credit losses) presented based on the invoice dates:

                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           Not past due                                         3,017,493      2,075,079
           Overdue:
           — Within 90 days                                       736,181       719,662
           — 91 days to 1 year                                    735,020       281,206
           — Over 1 year                                          161,969        47,808

                                                                4,650,663      3,123,755


           As at December 31, 2022, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance
           are debtors with aggregate carrying amount of RMB1,633,170,000 (2021:
           RMB1,048,676,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the
           past due balances, RMB896,989,000 (2021: RMB329,014,000) has been past
           due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default as the management of
           the Group believed that the amounts will be settled by the customers based on
           the customers’ committed promise and historical experience. The Group does
           not hold any collateral over these balances.

           Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, other receivables,
           bills receivable and receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of
           customers are set out in Note 37(b).

           Trade and other receivables that are denominated in currencies other than the
           functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           US$                                                  3,613,734      2,283,908
           HK$                                                        519         15,813
           Euro (“EUR”)                                            14,664          1,331




206   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




27. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                             2022              2021
                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Contract assets
    — related parties                                         7,250             7,685
    Less: allowance for credit losses                           (44)               (2)
    — third parties                                         512,722           135,357
    Less: allowance for credit losses                       (26,362)          (10,495)

                                                            493,566           132,545


   As at January 1, 2021, carrying amount of contract assets amounted to
   RMB24,069,000 (net of allowance for credit losses of RMB7,785,000).

   The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for
   work completed and not billed because the rights are conditioned upon the
   Group’s future performance in achieving specified milestones as stipulated in
   the contract. The contract assets are transferred to trade receivables when
   the rights become unconditional.

   Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets
   recognized are as follows:

   — Revenue on FFS basis and CMO basis

   The Group’s FFS and CMO contracts include payment schedules which
   require stage payments over the research or manufacturing period once
   certain specified milestones are reached or control of goods are transferred
   to customers. The Group requires certain customers to pay 20%-50% of total
   contract value as project start-up cost as part of its credit risk management
   policies.

   The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group
   expects to realize these contracts assets in their normal operating cycle.

   Details of the impairment assessment of contract assets are set out in Note
   37(b).




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      28. BANK BALANCES AND CASH/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/TIME
          DEPOSITS

           Bank balances and cash of the Group comprised of cash and short term bank
           deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. The short term bank
           deposits are carried interests at market rates which ranged from 0% to 2.03%
           per annum as at December 31, 2022 (2021: 0% to 2.1%).

           Time deposits as at December 31, 2022 are carried fixed interest rate from
           2.6% to 3.0% per annum and have original maturity over three months (2021:
           0.3% to 0.6%).

           The Group performed impairment assessment on time deposits, pledged bank
           deposits and bank balances and concluded that the associated credit risk is
           limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit rating and good
           reputation.

           Bank balances and cash, pledged bank deposits and time deposits that are
           denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective
           group entities are set out below:

                                                                   2022           2021
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000

           US$                                                  3,800,710      5,556,014
           EUR                                                      7,775         94,757
           HK$                                                     31,485        752,749




208   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                               2022              2021
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Trade payables
     — related parties                                        115,796            62,214
     — third parties                                          676,680           555,570

                                                              792,476           617,784

   Other payables and accrual
    — related parties                                          40,716             8,857
    — third parties (note)                                    431,434         1,206,705

                                                              472,150         1,215,562

   Payable for purchase of property, plant and
     equipment                                              1,029,318           750,420
   Consideration payables for acquisition of
     subsidiaries                                                 2,968            4,008
   Consideration payable to a related party for
     acquisition of business                                        —           280,000
   Salary and bonus payables                                  912,852           781,009
   Other taxes payable                                         57,506            49,036
   Bill payables                                                1,912                —

   Trade and other payables                                 3,269,182         3,697,819


  Note:    Included in the other payables, an amount of RMB4,936,000 represented the
           payables to employees arising from exercise of share options and restricted
           shares as at December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB820,634,000).

   Details of the trade and other payables due to related parties are set out in
   Note 42(b).




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      29.	TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

           Payment terms with suppliers are mainly on credit within 90 days from the
           time when the goods are received from the suppliers. The following is an aged
           analysis of trade payables presented based on invoice date at the end of the
           reporting period:

                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

           Within three months                                    674,412       561,455
           Over three months but within one year                  100,853        37,408
           Over one year but within five years                     17,211        18,921

                                                                  792,476       617,784


           Trade and other payables that are denominated in currencies other than the
           functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

           US$                                                    160,116       247,679
           EUR                                                      8,086        12,841
           CHF                                                      4,588         2,572
           GBP                                                        818            —
           Japan Yen (“JPY”)                                           85           103
           HK$                                                          —       770,949


      30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                   2022          2021
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000

           Contract liabilities
            — related parties                                           —            98
            — third parties                                     4,090,913     2,386,299

                                                                 4,090,913     2,386,397
           Less: amounts shown under current liabilities        (3,379,372)   (1,733,799)

           Amounts shown under non-current liabilities (note)     711,541       652,598




210   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022




30.	CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Note:    The contract liabilities are classified as non-current due to the related
            services will be provided beyond twelve months which was related to a
            long-term contract manufacturing agreement signed by the Group and
            an independent third party in 2020. The non-current contract liabilities
            amounted to RMB711,541,000 at December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021:
            RMB652,598,000) after considering the financing components and the
            recognition of revenue during the reporting period.

   As at January 1, 2021, contract liabilities amounted to RMB1,324,812,000.

   Revenue of RMB1,382,857,000 was recognized during the year ended
   December 31, 2022 that was included in the contract liabilities at the
   beginning the year of 2022 (2021: RMB508,933,000).

   Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities
   recognized are as follows:

   — Revenue on FFS basis

   Except for the amount received in advance from an independent global
   vaccine leader under a contract manufacturing agreement for a 20-year
   period. The Group normally requires certain customers to pay a percentage
   of total contract value as down payment as project start-up cost as part of
   its credit risk management policies. The advance payment schemes result in
   contract liabilities which represent the Group’s obligation to transfer services
   to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount
   of consideration is due) from the customer.

   — Revenue on CMO basis

   The Group shall invoice client for products and services upon commencement
   thereof, which will give rise to contracts liability at the start of a contract. The
   Group normally invoices its clients a percentage of the price on acceptance of
   manufacturing orders to commence work.

   — Revenue from other Biologics Products

   The Group normally invoices its clients a percentage of the price on
   acceptance of other Biologics Products orders to commence work, which will
   give rise to contract liability at the start of a contract.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      31. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                             Assets                      Liabilities
                                                   December           December     December       December
                                                         31,                31,          31,            31,
                                                       2022               2021         2022           2021
                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

           Derivatives under hedge accounting
           Fair value hedges
             — Forward extra, partial
                   convertible dual currency
                   structured deposit, par
                   forward and European vanilla
                   option contracts                     104,283        319,584      184,530            24,191

           Cash flow hedges
             — Foreign currency forward,
                  forward extra, cross currency
                  swap, interest rate swap, and
                  collars contracts                      96,960        170,915      215,933            16,699

           Net investment hedge in foreign
             operations
             — Forward extra                                 —               —        25,267                —

           Total                                     201,243            490,499      425,730            40,890
           Less: current portion                    (201,243)          (479,557)    (425,730)          (40,890)

           Non-current portion                               —          10,942            —                 —


           Derivatives not under hedge accounting

           During the current year, the Group entered into a forward extra contract with
           a bank in order to manage the Group’s currency risk. Under the forward extra
           contract, the Group will pay to the bank notional amount of EUR and receive
           from the bank an amount in RMB equal to the product of the relevant notional
           amount of EUR and the relevant strike rate as specified within the respective
           contracts.

           The Group did not elect to adopt hedge accounting for the contract and
           therefore, during the year ended December 31, 2022, losses from forward
           extra of RMB9,984,000 (2021: RMB23,132,000 gains) was recognized as “loss
           on derivative financial instruments” in other gains and losses.




212   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022




31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Derivatives under hedge accounting

   In view of the management of the Group, the respective foreign currency
   forward contracts, forward extra contracts, interest rate swap contracts,
   collars contracts, par forward contracts and partial convertible dual currency
   structured deposit contract are highly effective hedging instruments and
   qualified as cash flow or fair value hedges.

   (i)    The Group entered into foreign currency forward contracts with banks to
          eliminate the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate
          arising from anticipated foreign currency sales transactions, in particular,
          the exchange rate between US$ and RMB for foreign currency sales
          transactions which is designated as cash flow hedges. The major terms
          of these contracts on a net settlement basis as at December 31, 2022
          presented are as follows:

                                                                 Total
                                     Average              outstanding
                               strike/forward     Foreign     notional     Fair value     Fair value
                                          rate   currency       value          assets      liabilities
                                                 US$’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

          Sell US$
          Less than 3 months   6.4105–7.0525      315,000    2,082,438         3,715        (107,717)
          4 to 6 months        6.8210–7.0185      115,000      795,276         7,661          (4,801)
          7 to 11 months       6.7130–7.0050      250,000    1,738,530        31,997          (4,018)

   (ii)   The Group entered into collars contracts with a bank to eliminate the
          exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate arising from
          anticipated foreign currency sales transactions, in particular, to buy RMB
          and sell US$. The major terms of the collars contracts are as follows:

                                                                       Foreign          Fair value
                                Strike Rate 1 Strike Rate 2           currency              assets
                                                                      USD’000            RMB’000

          3 to10 months         6.7850–7.0500 7.1700–7.3300              225,000            24,637




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022      213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

           Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

           (iii) The Group entered into forward extra contracts with a bank to eliminate
                 the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate arising
                 from anticipated foreign currency sales transactions, in particular, to buy
                 RMB and sell US$. The major terms of the forward extra contracts are as
                 follows:

                                       Average          Knock-in         Notional        Fair value     Fair value
                                     strike rate         barrier          amount             assets      liabilities
                                                                         US$’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

                Sell US$
                6 to 7 months     6.5700–6.5900    6.8400–6.8700          430,000                —         (99,397)

           (iv) The Group uses interest rate swaps to minimize its exposure to interest
                rate fluctuation on its variable-rate bank borrowings. The major terms of
                the interest rate swaps are as follows:

                                     Notional       Contract       Maturity                             Fair value
                                      amount           date           date     Receive            Pay       assets
                                     US$’000                                                             RMB’000

                12 months              90,000      August 11, December 18, LIBOR+1.1% EUR Variable          28,950
                                                        2021        2023                     Rate

           (v) The Group entered into par forward contracts and forward extra contracts
               with a bank to manage its foreign exchange rate risk arising from net
               exposure which are denominated in currencies at US$ and EUR up to 2
               months, which is designated as fair value hedge. The major terms of the
               forward extra contracts are as follows:

                                       Average          Knock-in         Notional        Fair value     Fair value
                                     strike rate         barrier          amount             assets      liabilities
                                                                         US$’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

                Sell US$
                1 month           6.5400–6.7000           6.9100          525,000           49,905        (137,891)


                                       Average          Knock-in         Notional        Fair value     Fair value
                                     strike rate         barrier          amount             assets      liabilities
                                                                         EUR’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

                Sell EUR
                1 to 2 months     7.1600–7.5000           7.5050          580,000           29,595         (19,394)


214   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022




31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

   (vi) The Group entered into a partial convertible dual currency structured
        deposit contract with a bank to manage its foreign exchange rate risk
        arising from net exposure which are denominated in currencies at US$
        up to 3 months, which is designated as fair value hedge. The major terms
        of the partial convertible dual currency structured deposit contract is as
        follows:

                                    Average               Notional       Fair value       Fair value
                                  strike rate              amount            assets        liabilities
                                                          US$’000         RMB’000           RMB’000

       Sell US$
       3 months                       6.7780              150,000                —           (21,232)

   (vii) The Group entered into a forward extra contract with a bank to manage
         its foreign exchange rate risk arising from net exposure which are
         denominated in currencies at US$ up to 9 months, which is designated
         as fair value hedge. The major terms of the forward extra contract is as
         follows:

                          Average         Knock-in            Notional     Fair value     Fair value
                        strike rate        Barrier             amount          assets      liabilities
                                                              US$’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

       Sell EUR,
         buy US$
       9 months             1.1330              1.1570          60,000        24,783          (6,013)

   (viii) The Group entered into a forward extra contract with a bank to manage
          its net investments in foreign operations which are denominated in
          currencies at US$ up to 8 months, which is designated as net investments
          hedge. The major terms of the forward extra contracts is as follows:

                          Average         Knock-in            Notional     Fair value     Fair value
                        strike rate        Barrier             amount          assets      liabilities
                                                              US$’000       RMB’000         RMB’000

       Sell US$
       8 months             6.5000              6.8650         100,000                —      (25,267)




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022     215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      31.	DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

           Derivatives under hedge accounting (Continued)

           As at December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of losses after tax under
           foreign currency forward contracts, interest rate swap contracts, collar
           contracts and forward extra contracts recognized in other comprehensive
           income relating to the exposure on anticipated future sales transactions,
           repayment of borrowings and net exposure denominated in US$ and EUR
           is RMB80,259,000 (December 31, 2021: RMB125,214,000 gains). The Group
           separates the intrinsic value and time value of forward extra contracts,
           designating only the intrinsic value as the hedging instrument. The time value,
           including any gains or losses, is recognized in other comprehensive income
           until the hedged transaction occurs and is recognized in profit or loss. It is
           anticipated that the sales, bank borrowings repayment and net exposure
           denominated in US$ and EUR related to foreign currency forward contracts,
           collar contracts, forward extra contracts, interest rate swap contracts, par
           forward contracts and partial convertible dual currency structured deposit
           contract will take place within next 12 months (December 31, 2021: 12 months)
           at which time the amount deferred in equity will be recycled to profit or loss.

           During the current year, loss relating to the ineffective hedge portion of
           RMB38,062,000 (2021: RMB9,461,000 gains) is recognized immediately in profit
           or loss, and is included as “loss on derivative financial instruments” in other
           gains and losses.

           During the current year, the aggregated amount of losses previously
           recognized in comprehensive income and accumulated in equity of
           RMB246,159,000 (2021: credit RMB419,809,000) are reclassified to revenue
           when the hedged item affects profit or loss.




216   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




32. BORROWINGS

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

  Secured bank loans                                       66,700            75,900
  Unsecured bank loans                                  2,716,293         2,686,508

                                                        2,782,993         2,762,408


  The carrying amounts of the above borrowings
    are repayable:

  Within one year                                       1,321,430         2,121,895
  Within a period of more than one year but not
   exceeding two years                                      96,954          583,013
  Within a period of more than two years but not
   exceeding five years                                 1,343,909             27,600
  Within a period of more than five years                  20,700             29,900

                                                        2,782,993         2,762,408
  Less: amounts due within one year shown under
    current liabilities                                (1,321,430)       (2,121,895)

  Amounts shown under non-current liabilities           1,461,563           640,513


  The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan
  agreements.

  The exposure of the Group’s bank borrowings are as follows:

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

  Fixed-rate borrowings                                    66,700            75,900
  Variable-rate borrowings                              2,716,293         2,686,508

                                                        2,782,993         2,762,408


  The Group’s variable-rate borrowings carry interest at LIBOR plus 1.1% to
  1.2%, European Central Bank Rate plus 1.5%, EURIBOR plus 0.75% and 0.8%,
  and SOFR plus 0.8%. Interest is reset each one to three months based on the
  contracts.




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      32.	BORROWINGS (Continued)

           The ranges of effective interest rates before the interest rate swap disclosed
           in Note 31 (which are also equal to contracted interest rates) on the Group’s
           borrowings are as follows:

                                                                 2022              2021

           Effective interest rate:
           Fixed-rate borrowings                                 4.90%   3.85% to 4.90%
           Variable-rate borrowings                     0.75% to 5.12%   0.75% to 2.69%

           The Group’s bank borrowings that are denominated in currencies other than
           the functional currencies of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                    2022         2021
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000

           US$                                                   2,089,380    2,359,009
           EUR                                                     311,311      302,789


           As at the end of the reporting period, the Group has the following undrawn
           borrowing facilities:

                                                                    2022         2021
                                                                  RMB’000      RMB’000

           Floating rate
           — expiring within one year                              459,219     468,386


           At December 31, 2022, the Group’s borrowings were secured against the
           Group’s property, plant and equipment as collaterals with carrying amounts of
           RMB10,448,000 (December 31, 2021: RMB10,597,000).




218   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022




32.	BORROWINGS (Continued)

   In respect of bank loans with carrying amount of RMB2,089,380,000 as 2022
   (2021: RMB2,359,009,000), the Group is required to comply with the following
   financial covenants throughout the continuance of the relevant loans and/or
   as long as the loans are outstanding:

   (i)    Bank loan with carrying amount of RMB626,814,000 (USD90,000,000)

          In relation to the Group:

          •   Total equity after deducting goodwill, intangible assets and deferred
              tax assets (together referred to as “Tangible Net Worth”) shall not at
              any time be less than RMB9,000,000,000;

          •   Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization
              (“EBITDA”) shall not be less than 5 times gross interest expenses at
              the last day of the first half of the financial year and the last day of
              the financial year (the “Relevant Period”); and

          •   Total debt less the cash and cash equivalents (“Net debt”) at the
              end of each year shall not exceed 2.5 times EBITDA for that Relevant
              Period.

          In relation to the WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited (“BIOHK”), a
          wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company:

          •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
              RMB20,000,000.

   (ii)   Bank loan with carrying amount of RMB766,106,000 (USD110,000,000)

          In relation to the Group:

          •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
              RMB20,000,000,000;

          •   EBITDA in respect of any Relevant Period shall not be less than 5
              times gross interest expenses for that Relevant Period; and

          •   Net Debt at the end of each Relevant Period shall not exceed 2.5
              times EBITDA for that Relevant Period.

          In relation to the BIOHK:

          •   Tangible Net Worth shall not at any time be less than
              RMB20,000,000.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      32.	BORROWINGS (Continued)

           (iii) Bank loan with carrying amount of RMB696,460,000 (USD100,000,000)

                In relation to the Group:

                •     EBITDA shall not be less than 5 times interest expenses; and

                •     Net interest-bearing debt shall not exceed 2.5 times EBITDA.

           The Group has complied with these covenants throughout the reporting period.

      33. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

           Lease liabilities payable:
           Within one year                                         149,058           103,561
           Within a period of more than one year but not
             exceeding two years                                   148,601           114,639
           Within a period of more than two year but not
             exceeding five years                                  591,944           557,950
           Within a period of more than five years                 749,065           756,729

                                                                 1,638,668      1,532,879
           Less: amounts due within one year shown under
             current liabilities                                  (149,058)      (103,561)

           Amounts shown under non-current liabilities           1,489,610      1,429,318


           The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities
           range from 1.5% to 4.9% (2021: from 1.5% to 4.9%).

      34. DEFERRED INCOME

                                                                     2022          2021
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000

           Assets related research and other grants                229,612           213,225
           Income related research and other grants                  8,309            10,903

                                                                   237,921           224,128




220   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




34.	DEFERRED INCOME (Continued)

   Movements of research and other grants:

                                      Assets           Income
                                     related           related               Total
                                    RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

   At January 1, 2021                211,949               1,791            213,740
   Research and other grants
     received                         32,302            120,750             153,052
   Credited to profit or loss
     (Note 6)                         (26,292)         (111,638)           (137,930)
   Exchange alignment                  (4,734)               —               (4,734)

   At December 31, 2021              213,225             10,903            224,128
   Research and other grants
     received                         44,783           157,421             202,204
   Credited to profit or loss
     (Note 6)                        (29,649)         (160,015)           (189,664)
   Exchange alignment                  1,253                 —               1,253

   At December 31, 2022              229,612              8,309            237,921


   During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group received research and
   other grants of RMB44,783,000 (2021: RMB32,302,000) for its investment in
   laboratory equipment. The grants were recognized in profit or loss over the
   useful lives of the relevant assets.

35. SHARE CAPITAL

   AUTHORIZED:

                                  Number of                            Authorized
                                     shares          Par value       share capital
                                                          US$                US$

   At January 1, 2021,
     December 31, 2021 and
     December 31, 2022          6,000,000,000        1/120,000                50,000




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      35.	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

           ISSUED AND FULLY PAID:

                                                                                       Shown in
                                                        Number of                   the financial
                                                           shares     Amount      statements as
                                                                        US$             RMB’000

           At January 1, 2021                     4,084,763,060         34,040                225
           Issue of new shares
              (notes i and ii)                      128,354,126          1,070                  7
           Exercise of pre-IPO share
              options                                   45,886,428         382                  3

           At December 31, 2021                  4,259,003,614          35,492               235
           Issue of new shares (note ii)            39,953,861             333                 2
           Exercise of pre-IPO share
              options                               22,083,410             184                  1
           Shares repurchased and
              cancelled (note iii)                (95,779,000)           (798)                (5)

           At December 31, 2022                  4,225,261,885          35,211               233


           Notes:

           i.    On February 10, 2021, the Company issued 118,000,000 new ordinary shares
                 of US$1/120,000 each through placement to certain independent third parties
                 at a price of HK$112.00 per share. The net cash proceed of this placement
                 was HK$13,121,243,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB10,899,029,000),
                 after deducting the issue cost of HK$94,757,000 (equivalent to approximately
                 RMB78,709,000) from the gross cash proceed of HK$13,216,000,000 (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB10,977,738,000).

           ii.   On June 10, 2021 and June 10, 2022, the Company issued and allotted 10,354,126
                 and 39,953,861 new ordinary shares at nil consideration to trustee under the
                 Restricted Share Award Scheme or the Global Partner Program Share Scheme,
                 respectively. Details of the Restricted Share Award Scheme are set out in Note 43.




222   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022




35.	SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

   ISSUED AND FULLY PAID: (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)

   iii.   During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased its own
          ordinary shares through The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as follows:


          Month of                          No. of      Price per share               Aggregate
          repurchase              ordinary shares      Highest      Lowest    consideration paid
                                                           HK$          HK$             RMB’000


          January 2022                 10,435,500        82.90        78.45              691,056
          September 2022                1,500,000        47.80        47.15               64,527
          October 2022                 49,221,000        50.45        38.20            2,048,871

          On January 14, 2022, 45,058,000 shares were cancelled, of which 10,435,500
          shares and 34,622,500 shares were repurchased in January 2022 and December
          2021, respectively.

          On November 2, 2022, 50,721,000 shares were cancelled, of which 1,500,000
          shares and 49,221,000 shares were repurchased in September 2022 and October
          2022 respectively.

          None of the Company’s subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
          Company’s listed securities during the year.


36. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT

   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able
   to continue as going concern while maximizing the return to shareholders
   through the optimization of the debt and equity balance.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes
   borrowings and lease liabilities disclosed in Notes 32 and 33 respectively,
   net of cash and cash equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the
   Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

   The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous
   basis taking into account the cost of capital and the risks associated with each
   class of capital. The Group will balance its overall capital structure through the
   issue of new shares as well as the issue of new debts or the redemption of
   existing debts.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

           a.   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                       2022           2021
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

                Financial assets
                Financial assets at amortized cost                11,957,814      14,402,724
                Financial assets at FVTPL                          3,100,808       2,331,712
                Investment of an associate measured
                  at FVTPL                                         1,581,565         752,275
                Equity instruments at FVTOCI                          41,470          94,413
                Derivative financial assets                          201,243         490,499

                Financial liabilities
                Derivative financial liabilities                     425,730          40,890
                Financial liabilities at amortized cost            4,707,738       5,391,952


           b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies

                The Group’s major financial assets and liabilities include trade and
                other receivables, bill receivables, other long-term deposits, financial
                assets at FVTPL, investment of an associate measured at FVTPL, equity
                instruments at FVTOCI, derivative financial assets, time deposits, pledged
                bank deposits, bank balances and cash, derivative financial liabilities,
                borrowings and trade and other payables. Details of these financial
                instruments are disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated
                with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate
                these risks are set out below. The management of the Group manages
                and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
                implemented on a timely and effective manner.

                Market risk

                The Group’s activities expose it primarily to currency risk, interest rate risk
                and other price risk. There had been no change in the Group’s exposure
                to these risks or the manner in which it managed and measured the risks
                during the year ended December 31, 2022.




224   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Market risk (Continued)

      Currency risk

      Certain group entities have foreign currency transactions, including
      sales and purchases, which expose the Group to foreign currency risk.
      Certain of the Group’s bank balances and cash, time deposits, pledged
      bank deposits, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables
      and borrowings are denominated in currencies other than the functional
      currency of the relevant group entities and expose to such foreign
      currency risk. The carrying amounts of relevant group entities’ foreign
      currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities other than their
      functional currency are disclosed in the respective notes.

      The Group mainly exposes to foreign currency of US$, EUR, HK$, JPY,
      GBP and CHF. The Group entered into several foreign currency forward
      contracts, collar contracts, forward extra contracts with banks in order
      to manage the Group’s currency risk associated with anticipated sales
      transactions up to 11 months (2021: 12 months). During the year ended
      December 31, 2022, the Group also entered into several forward extra
      contracts, par forward contracts and partial convertible dual currency
      structured deposit contract with banks in order to manage the Group’s
      currency risk associated with the net exposure denominated in currencies
      at US$ and EUR up to 9 months (see Note 31 for details).

      Before considering the hedging activities, the carrying amounts of the
      Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets (trade and other
      receivables, pledged bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances and
      cash) and liabilities (trade and other payables and bank borrowings) at
      the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Assets
      US$                                               7,414,444         7,839,922
      HK$                                                  32,004           768,562
      EUR                                                  22,439            96,088

      Liabilities
      US$                                               2,249,496         2,606,688
      HK$                                                       —           770,949
      EUR                                                 319,397           315,630
      CHF                                                   4,588             2,572
      GBP                                                     818                —
      JPY                                                      85               103

                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Market risk (Continued)

                Currency risk (Continued)

                In current year, the Group entered into several forward extra contracts,
                par forward contracts and partial convertible dual currency structured
                deposit contract in relation to the net exposure to US$ with notional
                amount of US$675,000,000 (equivalent to RMB4,701,105,000) which are
                designated as effective hedging relationship. In addition, the Group also
                entered into several forward extra contracts and par forward contract
                in relation to the net exposure to EUR for intra-group borrowings with
                notional amount of EUR580,000,000 (equivalent to RMB4,305,282,000)
                which are designated as effective hedging relationship. It is the Group’s
                policy to negotiate the terms of the hedge derivatives, to the extent
                possible, to match or approximate the terms of the hedged items to
                maximize hedge effectiveness.

                Sensitivity analysis

                The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and
                decrease in RMB against US$, HK$ and EUR, the foreign currencies
                with which the Group may have a material exposure. No sensitivity
                analysis has been disclosed for the JPY, CHF and GBP denominated
                assets/liabilities as the impact on profit is immaterial. 5% represents
                management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign
                exchange rate. The sensitivity analysis uses outstanding foreign currency
                denominated monetary items as a base and adjusts their translation at
                the end of the reporting period for a 5% change in foreign currency rate. A
                negative number below indicates a decrease in post-tax profit where RMB
                strengthens 5% against US$ and HK$, while a positive number indicates
                an increase in post-tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against HK$ and
                EUR.

                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

                Impact on profit or loss before
                  hedging sensitivity:
                US$                                               (219,303)     (229,922)
                HK$                                                 (1,359)          105
                EUR                                                 12,609         9,645




226   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Market risk (Continued)

      Currency risk (Continued)

      Sensitivity analysis (Continued)

      After considering that the net exposure to US$ are hedged through
      several forward extra contracts, par forward contract and partial
      convertible dual currency structured deposit contract with notional
      amount of US$675,000,000 (equivalent to RMB4,701,105,000), if the
      RMB strengthens 5% against US$, the Group’s post-tax profit would
      decrease by RMB84,085,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021:
      RMB12,833,000).

      Interest rate risk

      The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to
      fixed-rate bank borrowings (see Note 32 for details) and fixed-rate
      pledged bank deposits (see Note 28 for details) and lease liabilities (see
      Note 33 for details). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate
      risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances (see Note 28 for details) and
      variable-rate bank borrowings (see Note 32 for details). The Group’s cash
      flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest
      rate on bank balances, time deposits, LIBOR, European Central Bank Rate
      EURIBOR and SOFR arising from the Group’s bank borrowings. The Group
      manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact
      arising from any interest rate movements based on interest rate level and
      outlook. The management will review the proportion of borrowings in fixed
      and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range. During
      the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group entered into interest rate
      swaps with banks to minimize its exposure to interest rate fluctuation on
      its variable-rate bank borrowings.

      A fundamental reform of major interest rate benchmarks is being
      undertaken globally, including the replacement of some interbank
      offered rates (“IBORs”) with alternative nearly risk-free rates. Details of
      the impacts on the Group’s risk management strategy arising from the
      interest rate benchmark reform and the progress towards implementation
      of alternative benchmark interest rates are set out under “interest rate
      benchmark reform” in this note.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Market risk (Continued)

                Interest rate risk (Continued)

                Sensitivity analysis

                The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the
                exposure to interest rates for its floating-rate borrowings before hedging
                activity. The analysis is prepared assuming the floating rate borrowings
                outstanding at the end of the reporting period were outstanding for the
                whole year. 50 basis points (2021: 50 basis points) increase or decrease
                are used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management
                personnel and represents management’s assessment of the reasonably
                possible change in interest rates. If interest rates had been 50 basis
                points (2021: 50 basis points) higher/lower and all other variables
                were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit would have decreased/
                increased approximately by RMB11,533,000 (2021: decrease/increase
                approximately by RMB11,803,000). This is mainly attributable to the
                Group’s exposure to interest rates on its floating-rate borrowings.

                Bank balances and pledged bank deposits are excluded from sensitivity
                analysis as the directors of the Company consider that the exposure
                of cash flow interest rate arising from variable-rate bank balances and
                pledged bank deposits is insignificant.

                Other price risk

                The Group is exposed to other price risk through its equity instruments
                measured at FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL. The management
                manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with
                different risks. The Group has appointed a special team to monitor
                the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the
                need arise. The directors of the Company consider that the exposure
                of other price risk arising from equity instruments measured at FVTOCI
                is insignificant, therefore no sensitivity analysis on such risk has been
                prepared.




228   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Market risk (Continued)

      Other price risk (Continued)

      Sensitivity analysis

      The sensitivity analysis has been determined based on the exposure to
      equity price risk at the reporting date.

      If the prices of the respective financial assets at FVTPL had been
      10% (2021:10%) higher/lower, the post-tax profit for the year ended
      December 31, 2022 would increase/decrease by RMB45,702,000 (2021:
      RM23,853,000) as a result of the changes in fair value of listed and
      unlisted financial assets at FVTPL and the post-tax profit would increase/
      decrease by RMB80,990,000 (2021: RMB36,605,000) as a result of the
      changes in fair value of investment of an associate measured at FVTPL.

      Credit risk and impairment assessment

      Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its
      contractual obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. At the end
      of each reporting period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk
      which cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an
      obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of
      the respective recognized financial assets as stated in the consolidated
      statement of the financial position.

      In order to minimize credit risk, the Group has developed and maintained
      the Group’s credit risk grading to categorize exposures according to their
      degree of risk of default. Management uses publicly available financial
      information and the Group’s own historical repayment records to rate its
      major customers and other debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit
      ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and reviewed at
      the end of the reporting period to ensure the adequate impairment losses
      are made for irrecoverable amount.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                The Group’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following
                categories:

                                                             Trade receivables/
                                                             contract assets/
                Internal                                     finance lease          Other financial
                credit rating Description                    receivables            assets

                Low risk       The counterparty has a low    Lifetime ECL-not       12-month ECL
                                 risk of default and does      credit-impaired
                                 not have any past due
                                 amounts

                Watch list     Debtor frequently repays       Lifetime ECL-not      12-month ECL
                                after due dates but usually credit-impaired
                                settle after due date in full

                Doubtful       There has been a significant Lifetime ECL-not        Lifetime ECL-not
                                 increase in credit risk since credit-impaired        credit-impaired
                                 initial recognition through
                                 information developed
                                 internally or external
                                 resources

                Loss           There is evidence indicating Lifetime ECL-credit-    Lifetime ECL-credit
                                 the asset is credit-impaired impaired                impaired

                Write-off      There is evidence indicating Amount is written off   Amount is written off
                                 that the debtor is in severe
                                 financial difficulty and
                                 the Group has no realistic
                                 prospect of recovery




230   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial
      assets, contract assets and finance lease receivables which are subject to
      ECL assessment:

                                                                        2022            2021
                                                                       Gross           Gross
                                 Internal      12-month or           carrying        carrying
                                 credit rating lifetime ECL           amount          amount
                                               RMB’000               RMB’000         RMB’000

      Financial assets at
        amortized cost
      Time deposits              Low risk     12-month ECL            304,469      1,147,626
      Pledged bank deposits      Low risk     12-month ECL             25,374        217,991
      Bank balances              Low risk     12-month ECL          6,395,222      9,003,280
      Other receivables          Low risk     12-month ECL            273,255        278,026
      Receivables for purchase   (note i)     12-month ECL            196,546        349,404
        of raw materials on                   Lifetime ECL (not        82,566        254,413
        behalf of customers                     credit-impaired)
                                              Lifetime ECL             12,819         13,144
                                                (credit-impaired)
      Trade receivables          (note ii)    Lifetime ECL          4,661,155      3,293,000
                                                (collective
                                                assessment)
                                              Lifetime ECL            538,596        134,124
                                                (individual
                                                assessment)
      Bill receivables           (note iii)   12-month ECL                  —          3,247
      Other long-term deposits   Low risk     12-month ECL             45,789         42,216

      Other items
      Contract assets            (note ii)    Lifetime ECL            471,211        143,042
                                                (collective
                                                assessment)
                                              Lifetime ECL             48,761              —
                                                (individual
                                                assessment)
      Finance lease receivables (note iv)     Lifetime ECL            123,337        138,049
                                                (collective
                                                assessment)




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                Notes:

                i.     For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group has applied
                       the general approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance equal to 12m
                       ECL for those current exposure at default of the debtors being assessed as
                       not having significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. For those
                       having significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group
                       recognized lifetime ECL.

                ii.    For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the
                       simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime
                       ECL. Except for the customers which are assessed individually, the Group
                       determines the ECL on these items by using a provision matrix and
                       meanwhile categorizes its customers into three types: low credit risk
                       customers, normal credit risk customers and high credit risk customers, based
                       on the financial quality of debtors and their historical credit loss experience
                       according to the past due status adjusted, as appropriate, to reflect current
                       conditions and estimates of future economic conditions.

                iii.   For bills receivable issued by banks, the Group assessed impairment loss
                       individually and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty
                       banks are insignificant. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is
                       provided.

                iv.    For finance lease receivables, no allowance for credit losses is provided as
                       the finance lease receivables are secured by the related staff living quarters,
                       the probability of defaults by the employees are insignificant.




232   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      Trade receivables and contract assets

      The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on
      trade receivables with significant balances and different credit risk
      characteristics individually and/or collectively using provision matrix
      with appropriate groupings. Except for items which are assessed for
      impairment individually, the remaining trade receivables and contract
      assets are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by
      reference to the Group’s internal credit ratings. As of December 31,
      2022, the Group provided RMB272,455,000 and RMB18,947,000 (2021:
      RMB261,849,000 and RMB10,497,000) impairment allowance for trade
      receivables and contract assets respectively, based on the provision
      matrix. Impairment allowance of RMB276,633,000 (2021: RMB41,520,000)
      was assessed individually on trade receivables with gross carrying amount
      of RMB538,596,000. Impairment allowance of RMB7,459,000 (2021: nil)
      was assessed individually on contract assets with gross carrying amount
      of RMB48,761,000 (2021: nil).

      The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk
      for trade receivables and contract assets which are assessed based on
      provision matrix as at December 31, 2022 within lifetime ECL:

      Gross carrying
      amount                                 2022                                    2021
                               Average           Trade    Contract      Average          Trade   Contract
      Internal credit rating   loss rate   receivables      assets     loss rate   receivables     assets
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000                    RMB’000     RMB’000

      Grade A: Low risk and
        watch list               0.14%      3,096,392      332,483       0.07%      1,849,524    106,317
      Grade B: Doubtful          4.23%      1,352,939      126,489       4.13%      1,233,822     27,467
      Grade C: Loss            100.00%        211,824       12,239     100.00%        209,654      9,258

                                            4,661,155      471,211                  3,293,000    143,042




                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022    233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)

                The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed
                default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted
                for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or
                effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by management of the Group
                to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated. The
                contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the
                trade receivables for the same type of contracts. The Group has therefore
                concluded that the loss rates for trade receivables are a reasonable
                approximation of the loss rates for contract assets. The management
                of the Group has considered the impact of Covid-19 pandemic for the
                average loss rate used in the ECL model.




234   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

        Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

        The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been
        recognized for trade receivables and contract assets under the simplified
        approach.

                                            Lifetime
                                           ECL (not       Lifetime
                                              credit- ECL (credit-
                                          impaired)     impaired)              Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000             RMB’000

        As at January 1, 2021                (69,925)       (115,278)        (185,203)
        Changes due to financial
          instruments recognized as at
          January 1, 2021:
          — Transfer to credit-impaired        1,667           (1,667)             —
          — Impairment losses reversed        54,905           55,503         110,408
        New financial assets originated
          or purchased                       (85,314)       (157,470)        (242,784)
        Exchange alignment                     3,713              —             3,713

        As at December 31, 2021             (94,954)       (218,912)        (313,866)
        Changes due to financial
          instruments recognized as at
          January 1, 2022:
         — Transfer to credit-impaired         8,073           (8,073)                —
         — Impairment losses
              recognized                    (10,403)              —          (10,403)
         — Impairment losses reversed             —         150,938          150,938
        New financial assets originated
          or purchased                     (252,533)       (148,016)        (400,549)
        Exchange alignment                   (1,614)              —           (1,614)

        As at December 31, 2022            (351,431)       (224,063)        (575,494)




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                The following table shows the reconciliation of loss allowances that has
                been recognized for receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf
                of customers.

                                                            Lifetime  Lifetime
                                                           ECL (not        ECL
                                                 12-month     credit-  (credit-
                                                      ECL impaired) impaired)             Total
                                                  RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000               RMB’000

                As at January 1, 2021                     (773)    (5,314)        —       (6,087)
                Changes due to financial
                 instruments recognized
                 as at January 1, 2021:
                 — Transfer to credit-
                   impaired                                 79         —         (79)         —
                 — Impairment losses
                   recognized                             (199)      (506)      (585)     (1,290)
                New financial assets
                 originated or
                 purchased                              (1,016)    (9,505)   (12,480)    (23,001)

                As at December 31,
                 2021                                   (1,909)   (15,325)   (13,144)   (30,378)
                Changes due to financial
                 instruments recognized
                 as at January 1, 2022:
                 — Transfer to lifetime
                     ECL                                  173       (173)         —           —
                 — Transfer to credit-
                     impaired                               —       1,498     (1,498)         —
                 — Impairment losses
                     reversed                           1,743     11,290       8,476     21,509
                New financial assets
                 originated or
                 purchased                               (234)    (13,133)    (6,653)   (20,020)

                As at December 31,
                 2022                                    (227)    (15,843)   (12,819)   (28,889)




236   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

      For the purposes of impairment assessment, other financial assets
      are considered to have low credit risk. Accordingly, for the purpose of
      impairment assessment for these financial assets, the loss allowance
      is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECL. In determining the
      ECL for these financial assets at amortized cost, the directors of the
      Company have taken into account the historical default experience and
      the future prospects of the industries and/or considering various external
      sources of actual and forecast economic information, as appropriate, in
      estimating the probability of default of each of the other financial assets
      at amortized cost occurring within their respective loss assessment time
      horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The directors of the
      Company considered that the 12-month ECL allowance is insignificant at
      the end of each reporting period.

      Liquidity risk

      In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains
      a level of bank balances and cash and unused banking facilities deemed
      adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and
      mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows.

      The management of the Group monitors the utilization of bank borrowings
      and ensures compliance with loan covenants.

      Bank borrowing is one of the sources of liquidity of the Group. As at
      December 31, 2022, the Group has available unutilized bank loan facilities
      of approximately RMB459,219,000 (2021: RMB468,386,000). Details of
      which are set out in Note 32.

      The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for
      its financial liabilities and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn
      up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities according
      to the earliest date on which the Group is required to pay. The table
      includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest
      flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from interest
      rate at the end of the reporting period.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Liquidity risk (Continued)

                In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for
                its derivative financial instruments. The tables have been drawn up
                based on the undiscounted contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows
                on derivative instruments that settle on a net basis. When the amount
                payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by
                reference to the projected interest rates as illustrated by the yield
                curves existing at the end of the reporting period. The liquidity analysis
                for the Group’s derivative financial instruments are prepared based on
                the contractual settlement dates as the management consider that the
                settlement dates are essential for an understanding of the timing of the
                cash flows of derivatives.

                                                                            On demand or                                     Total
                                                       Weighted average         less than   One to five   Over five   undiscounted    Carrying
                                                            interest rate       one year         years       years      cash flows    amount
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


                2022
                Trade and other payables                             N/A       1,924,745             —           —       1,924,745   1,924,745
                Bank borrowings
                — fixed rate                                      4.90%           12,468        45,365      21,714          79,547     66,700
                — variable rate                          0.75% to 5.12%        1,386,062     1,515,599           —       2,901,661   2,716,293


                Total financial liabilities                                    3,323,275     1,560,964      21,714       4,905,953   4,707,738
                Lease liabilities                          1.5% to 4.9%          198,014       870,586     824,204       1,892,804   1,638,668


                                                                               3,521,289     2,431,550     845,918       6,798,757   6,346,406


                Derivative — net settlement
                Foreign currency forward contracts,
                   partial convertible dual currency
                   structured deposit contract,
                   forward extra contracts and par
                   forward contracts                                             425,730             —           —        425,730     425,730




238   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                     On demand or                                       Total
                                                Weighted average         less than     One to five   Over five   undiscounted   Carrying
                                                     interest rate       one year           years       years      cash flows    amount
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000


      2021
      Trade and other payables                                N/A        2,610,628         18,916           —       2,629,544   2,629,544
      Bank borrowings
      — fixed rate                                 3.85% to 4.90%          12,674          46,192      32,220          91,086     75,900
      — variable rate                              0.75% to 2.69%        2,135,674        581,372           —       2,717,046   2,686,508


      Total financial liabilities                                        4,758,976        646,480      32,220       5,437,676   5,391,952
      Lease liabilities                              1.5% to 4.9%         148,986         814,209     843,450       1,806,645   1,532,879


                                                                         4,907,962      1,460,689     875,670       7,244,321   6,924,831


      Derivative — gross settlement
      Interest rate swap                                                      481               —           —            481         481


      Derivative — net settlement
      Foreign currency forward, interest rate
         swap, forward extra contracts and
         European vanilla option contracts                                 40,409               —           —          40,409     40,409



      Interest rate benchmark reform

      As listed in Note 32, several of the Group’s LIBOR/European Central
      Bank Rate/EURIBOR bank loans will or may be subject to the interest
      rate benchmark reform. The Group is closely monitoring the market and
      managing the transition to new benchmark interest rates, including
      announcements made by the relevant IBOR regulators.

      LIBOR

      As at December 31, 2022, all LIBOR settings have been either ceased to be
      provided by any administrator or no longer be representative, except for
      US dollar settings (other than the 1-week and 2-month settings) which will
      be ceased immediately after 30 June 2023.




                                                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022              239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)

                (i)   Risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform

                      The following are the key risks for the Group arising from the
                      transition:

                      Interest rate related risks

                      For contracts which have not been transitioned to the relevant
                      alternative benchmark rates and without detailed fallback clauses,
                      if the bilateral negotiations with the Group’s counterparties are not
                      successfully concluded before the cessation of LIBOR, European
                      Central Bank Rate and EURIBOR, there are significant uncertainties
                      with regard to the interest rate that would apply. This gives rise
                      to additional interest rate risk that was not anticipated when the
                      contracts were entered into.

                      There are fundamental differences between IBORs and the various
                      alternative benchmark rates. IBORs are forward looking term rates
                      published for a period (e.g. 3 months) at the beginning of that
                      period and include an inter-bank credit spread, whereas alternative
                      benchmark rates are typically risk-free overnight rates published at
                      the end of the overnight period with no embedded credit spread.
                      These differences will result in additional uncertainty regarding
                      floating rate interest payments.

                      Interest rate basis risk

                      Interest rate basis risk may arise if a non-derivative instrument
                      and the derivative instrument held to manage the interest risk on
                      the non-derivative instrument transition to alternative benchmark
                      rates at different times. This risk may also arise where back-to-back
                      derivatives transition at different times. The Group will monitor this
                      risk against its risk management policy which has been updated to
                      allow for temporary mismatches of up to 12 months and transact
                      additional basis interest rate swaps if required.




240   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

      Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)

      (ii) Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest
           rates

          As at December 31, 2022, the Group was exposed to the LIBOR,
          European Central Bank Rate and EURIBOR, which are subject to
          interest rate benchmark reform.

          The Group has closely monitored the market and the output from
          the various industry working groups managing the transition to new
          benchmark interest rates. This includes announcements made by
          LIBOR regulators (including the FCA and the US Commodity Futures
          Trading Commission) regarding the transition away from LIBOR to the
          Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”).

          In response to the announcements, the Group’s treasury team
          monitors where LIBOR exposures are within the business and prepare
          and deliver on an action plan to enable a smooth transition to
          alternative benchmark rates.

          None of the Group’s current LIBOR, European Central Bank Rate or
          EURIBOR linked contracts include adequate and robust fall back
          provisions for a cessation of the referenced benchmark interest rate.
          Different working groups in the industry are working on fall back
          language for different instruments and different IBORs, which the
          Group is monitoring closely and will look to implement these when
          appropriate.

          The Group will continue to apply the amendments to IFRS 9 until the
          uncertainty arising from the interest rate benchmark reforms with
          respect to the timing and the amount of the underlying cash flows
          that the Group is exposed ends. The Group has assumed that this
          uncertainty will not end until the Group’s contracts that reference
          IBORs are amended to specify the date on which the interest rate
          benchmark will be replaced, the cash flows of the alternative
          benchmark rate and the relevant spread adjustment. This will, in part,
          be dependent on the introduction of fall back clauses which have
          yet to be added to the Group’s contracts and the negotiation with
          lenders.

          The Group accounted for the changes using the practical expedient
          in IFRS 9 which allows the Group to change the basis for determining
          the contractual cash flows prospectively by revising the effective
          interest rate.

                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   241
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           b.	Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                Interest rate benchmark reform (Continued)

                (ii)	Progress towards implementation of alternative benchmark interest
                      rates (Continued)

                      The Group is planning to transition the majority of its remaining
                      IBOR-linked contracts through introduction of, or amendments to,
                      fallback clauses into the contracts which will change the basis
                      for determining the interest cash flows from IBOR to alternative
                      reference rate at an agreed point in time.

                      The following table shows the total amounts of outstanding
                      contracts and the progress in completing the transition to alternative
                      benchmark rates. The amounts of financial assets and liabilities are
                      shown at their carrying amounts and derivatives are shown at their
                      notional amounts.

                      As at 31 December 2022

                                                                      Carrying
                                                                     amounts/                     Transition progress
                      Financial instruments                           notional   Hedge            for financial
                      prior to transition              Maturing in    amounts    accounting       instruments
                                                                       RMB’000

                      Non-derivative financial
                         assets
                      Debt instruments linked to             2024     626,814    N/A              Expected to transition
                         3-month USD LIBOR                                                        latest by H2 2023.
                                                                                                  Detailed fallback
                                                                                                  clauses were
                                                                                                  incorporated in Q3
                                                                                                  2022.

                      Derivatives
                      Cash flow hedge — Receive              2023       28,950   USD LIBOR        To transit derivatives
                         3-month USD LIBOR+1.1%, pay                             bank loan        via International
                         EUR variable interest rate                              of the same      Swaps and Derivatives
                         swaps                                                   maturity and     Association protocol.
                                                                                 nominal as the
                                                                                 swap




242   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments

        Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for
        financial reporting purposes. The directors of the Company have set up
        a valuation committee, which is headed up by the Chief Financial Officer
        of the Company, to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and
        inputs for fair value measurements.

        In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to
        the extent it is available. For instruments under Level 2 and Level 3, the
        Group engages third party qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The
        valuation committee works closely with the qualified external valuers to
        establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.
        The Chief Financial Officer reports the valuation committee’s findings
        to the directors of the Company every quarter to explain the cause of
        fluctuations in the fair value.




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   243
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities
                      that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                      Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are
                      measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period. The
                      following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                      financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
                      the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                      Financial assets/                                                                   Fair value   Valuation technique           Significant
                      financial liabilities                         Fair value as at                      hierarchy    and key inputs                unobservable inputs
                                                     December 31, 2022          December 31, 2021

                      Financial assets at FVTPL           Listed equity               Listed equity       Level 1      Active market quoted        N/A
                                                             securities:                 securities:                       transaction price (note
                                                        RMB380,171,000             RMB756,872,000                          i)

                                                         Unlisted equity            Unlisted equity       Level 3      Back-solve from recent        Probability of qualified
                                                           investments:               investments:                        transaction price,           initial public offering
                                                        RMB458,652,000             RMB130,280,000                         option pricing model         (“IPO”), redemption and
                                                                                                                          and/or adjusted net          liquidation, risk-free rate
                                                                                                                          asset value method           and expected volatility

                                                         Unlisted equity            Unlisted equity       Level 3      Comparable company            Liquidity discount
                                                           investments:               investments:                        method
                                                        RMB167,733,000             RMB360,982,000

                                                         Unlisted equity            Unlisted equity       Level 3      Discounted cash flows         Discount rate, probability
                                                           investments:               investments:                         method and option           of conversion,
                                                         RMB79,620,000             RMB108,000,000                          pricing model               redemption and
                                                                                                                                                       liquidation, risk-free rate
                                                                                                                                                       and expected volatility

                                                                Wealth         Wealth management          Level 2      Discounted cash flows         N/A
                                                          management                     products:                         method, estimated
                                                             products:            RMB975,578,000                           based on expected
                                                      RMB2,014,632,000                                                     return and market
                                                                                                                           foreign exchange rate

                      Equity instruments at              Unlisted equity               Unlisted equity    Level 3      Comparable company       Liquidity discount and
                        FVTOCI                             investments:                  investments:                     method and discounted    Discount rate
                                                         RMB41,470,000                 RMB94,413,000                      cash flows method

                      Investment of an associate          Investment of              Investment of        Level 3      Back-solve from recent        Probability of qualified IPO
                         measured at FVTPL                 an associate                an associate                       transaction price and        or sales, redemption and
                                                     measured at FVTPL:         measured at FVTPL:                        option pricing model         liquidation, risk-free rate
                                                      RMB1,581,565,000            RMB752,275,000                                                       and expected volatility

                      Foreign currency forward                Derivative                  Derivative      Level 2      Future cash flows are
                        contracts, collars              financial assets:           financial assets:                     estimated based on
                        contracts, interest rate        RMB201,243,000             RMB490,499,000                         forward exchange
                        swap contracts, par                                                                               rates and contracted
                        forward contracts, partial             Derivative                 Derivative                      forward rates,
                        convertible dual currency     financial liabilities:     financial liabilities:                   discounted at a rate
                        structured deposit               RMB425,730,000             RMB40,890,000                         that reflects the credit
                        contract and forward                                                                              risk of the banks.
                        extra contracts classified
                        as derivative financial
                        assets and liabilities




244   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                              For the year ended December 31, 2022




37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

      (i)	Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities
           that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

          Note:

          i.   These equity investments were listed on the Stock Exchange or National
               Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (“NASDAQ”)
               market, with the shares traded in an active market. Therefore, the fair
               value of such investments as at December 31, 2022 and December 31,
               2021 was determined based on the market price and classified as Level 1
               of the fair value hierarchy.

      (ii) Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial
           assets

                                                                          Investment of
                                               Equity         Financial    an associate
                                       instruments at         assets at    measured at
                                              FVTOCI             FVTPL           FVTPL
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

          At January 1, 2021                  127,167          105,982                 —
          Total gains (losses)
            — in profit or loss                     —            18,214          366,053
            — in other comprehensive
                 income                       (29,819)              —                 —
          Purchases                                —           207,652           200,000
          Transfers into level 3                   —           343,731           187,520
          Transfers out of level 3                 —           (75,982)               —
          Exchange alignment                   (2,935)            (335)           (1,298)

          At December 31, 2021                 94,413          599,262           752,275
          Total gains (losses)
            — in profit or loss                     —          (94,978)          809,898
            — in other comprehensive
                 income                       (59,731)               —                 —
          Purchases                                 —          168,839                 —
          Exchange alignment                    6,788           32,882            19,392

          At December 31, 2022                 41,470          706,005         1,581,565




                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   245
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      37.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           c.	Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                (iii) Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are
                      not measured at fair value on a recurring basis

                      The management of the Group considers the carrying amounts of
                      financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost in
                      the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair value.

                      The fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities at
                      amortized cost are determined in accordance with generally accepted
                      pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis with the most
                      significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk
                      of counterparties.

      38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

           The Group had capital commitments for land, equipment purchase and
           building construction, acquisition of an associate and investments accounted
           as financial assets at FVTPL under non-cancellable contracts as follows:

                                                                      2022           2021
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000

           Contracted but not provided for
           — Land, property, plant and equipment                   1,896,198      3,035,768
           — Financial assets at FVTPL                                74,650         95,363

                                                                   1,970,848      3,131,131


      39. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of the state-managed
           retirement benefits schemes operated by government. The subsidiaries are
           required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement
           benefits schemes to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group
           with respect to the retirement benefits schemes is to make the specified
           contributions.

           The total cost charged to profit or loss in respect of the above-mentioned
           schemes amounted to approximately RMB332,120,000 for the year ended
           December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB208,076,000).




246   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2022




40. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES

   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing
   activities, including both the cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising
   from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
   flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as
   cash flows from financing activities.

                                                       Interest
                                             Bank prepayments            Lease
                                       borrowings and payable        liabilities      Total
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000

   At January 1, 2021                   2,604,749         (20,621)     727,224      3,311,352
   Financing cash flows                   (52,983)        (43,234)    (133,809)      (230,026)
   Interest expenses                           —           53,509       39,966         93,475
   New leases entered                          —               —       940,630        940,630
   Covid-19-related rent concessions           —               —          (188)          (188)
   Acquisition of subsidiaries            301,136              —        14,364        315,500
   Early terminated lease                      —               —        (2,113)        (2,113)
   Exchange alignment                     (90,494)            625      (53,195)      (143,064)

   At December 31, 2021                 2,762,408         (9,721)    1,532,879     4,285,566
   Financing cash flows                  (173,933)       (57,532)     (171,792)     (403,257)
   Interest expenses                            —         63,187        50,707       113,894
   New leases entered                           —              —       184,344       184,344
   Exchange alignment                     194,518             90        42,530       237,138

   At December 31, 2022                 2,782,993         (3,976)    1,638,668     4,417,685


   The financing cash flows of bank borrowings represent the proceeds from and
   repayment of bank borrowings and interest paid in the consolidated statement
   of cash flows.

41. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES/BUSINESS

   During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group acquired 100% shares of
   CMAB Group, WuXi Biologics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd (previously known as Pfizer
   Biologics (Hangzhou) Company Limited) and Payload and Linker Business from
   independent third parties. Details of the aforementioned acquisitions were set
   out in the Group’s 2021 Annual Report published on the website of the Stock
   Exchange.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   247
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      42. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

           In addition to the balances disclosed in Notes 26, 27, 29 and 30, the Group
           had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties:

           (a) Related party transactions

                Provision of research and development service to related parties

                                                                        2022           2021
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

                Shanghai SynTheAll Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                  (“STA”)                                                1,890              17
                Duoning (note i)                                         1,467           1,765
                WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                  (“WXAT Shanghai”)                                        829            720
                Shanghai STA Pharmaceutical R&D Co., Ltd.
                  (“STA R&D”)                                              279            108
                WuXi ATU Co., Ltd. (“WuXi ATU”)                             49             —
                Changzhou SynTheAll Pharmaceutical
                  Co., Ltd. (“STA Changzhou”)                                 —          7,250
                WuXi MedImmune Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
                  (“WX MedImmune”) (note ii)                                  —           756
                WuXi Zekang Biotechnology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                  —           425
                WuXi AppTec (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                 —            26

                                                                         4,514         11,067


                Notes:

                i.    As disclosed in Note 17, Duoning is an investment of an associate measured
                      at FVTPL of the Group.

                ii.   WX MedImmune is a joint venture held by WuXi AppTec (Hong Kong) Limited,
                      an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.




248   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                               For the year ended December 31, 2022




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

      Sales of materials to related parties

                                                               2022              2021
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

       WuXi ATU                                                   2,125            3,045
       Duoning                                                    1,859               10
       Shanghai Shengji Health Biotechnology Co.,
         Ltd.                                                         51               —
       WuXi AppTec (Nantong) Co., Ltd. (“WANT”)                       23               —
       WXAT Shanghai                                                   —               12

                                                                  4,058            3,067


      Sales of property, plant and equipment to related parties

                                                               2022              2021
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

       WXAT Shanghai                                                   —           3,849


      Provision of other services to related parties

                                                               2022              2021
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

       Shanghai Lianghei Technology Co., Ltd.
         (“Lianghei”) (note)                                           —               88


      Note:    Lianghei is a subsidiary of Duoning.




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   249
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

                Testing service received

                                                                        2022           2021
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000

                STA R&D                                                 43,609             —
                WuXi AppTec (Suzhou) Co., Ltd. (“WASZ”)                 32,289         13,585
                STA Changzhou                                           17,696             —
                WXAT Shanghai                                            5,786          7,269
                STA Pharmaceutical Hong Kong Limited
                  (“STA HK”)                                             3,102         19,479
                Nanjing Mingjie Biomedical Testing Co., Ltd.
                  (“NJ Mingjie”)                                         1,677              —
                WuXi Diagnostic Medical Testing Institute
                  (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“WuXi Diagnostic”)                 703            295
                WANT                                                       333             43
                STA                                                        120             —
                Shanghai MedKey Med-Tech Development
                  Co., Ltd. (“MedKey”) (note i)                              67             26
                Duoning                                                      51             20
                WuXi NextCode Genomics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
                  (“NextCode Shanghai”) (note ii)                             —          3,529
                WuXi Clinical Development Services
                  (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                        —           534
                XenoBiotic Laboratories, Inc. (“XBL”)                         —           257
                WuXi AppTec (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.                               —            62

                                                                       105,433         45,099


                Notes:

                i.    The amounts of transactions for the prior year with MedKey represented the
                      transactions between MedKey and WuXi Biologics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd since
                      acquisition date.

                ii.   NextCode Shanghai was no longer ultimately controlled by the Shareholders
                      of the Company as defined in Note 42(b) and thus was no longer a related
                      party of the Group since September 2, 2021. The transactions for the
                      prior year disclosed represented the transactions from January 1, 2021 to
                      September 1, 2021.




250   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

      Other services received

                                                                 2022              2021
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

       Shanghai Waigaoqiao WuXi AppTec Incubator
         Management Co., Ltd. (“WXAT Incubator”)
         (note i)                                                   3,950            1,280
       Chengdu Kangde Renze Real Estate Co., Ltd.
         (“Renze”)                                                  2,628               —
       WXAT Shanghai                                                2,511            2,479
       WuXi AppTec Korea Co., Ltd.                                  1,680            1,616
       STA Changzhou                                                1,034              294
       CMA Metrology & Validation Lab Service
         (Shanghai) Co., Ltd (“CMA Shanghai”)
         (note ii)                                                    935                —
       NextCode Shanghai                                                —               231

                                                                  12,738             5,900


      Notes:

       i.    WXAT Incubator is a joint venture held by WXAT Shanghai, an indirect
             wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.

       ii.   CMA Shanghai is a subsidiary of Duoning.

      Purchase of materials

                                                                 2022              2021
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000

       Duoning                                                  118,374           116,173
       STA                                                       36,176             3,569
       WXAT Shanghai                                             24,912                —
       STA Changzhou                                              4,236                —
       Shanghai Biopro Industrial Development Co.,
         Ltd (“Shanghai Biopro”) (note)                             1,851               —
       Lianghei                                                       411            8,603

                                                                185,960           128,345


      Note:      Shanghai Biopro is a subsidiary of Duoning.


                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   251
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (a)	Related party transactions (Continued)

                Purchase of property, plant and equipment

                                                              2022      2021
                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000

                Duoning                                      19,727     3,216
                Renze                                         3,599        —
                WXAT Shanghai                                     3       162
                Lianghei                                          —        76

                                                             23,329     3,454


                Interest expense on lease liabilities

                                                              2022      2021
                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000

                WXAT Incubator                                  237        50
                WXAT Shanghai                                    89       141
                NextCode Shanghai                                 —       101

                                                                326       292


                Expense relating to short-term leases

                                                              2022      2021
                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000

                STA Changzhou                                 3,865     1,154


                Loan and related interest income

                                                              2022      2021
                                                            RMB’000   RMB’000

                Duoning                                          —         54




252   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (b) Related party balances

      As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group had balances with related
      parties as follows:

                                                            2022              2021
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Amounts due from related parties
      Trade related
      Duoning                                                  2,617            1,944
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                         (109)             (76)
      STA                                                      1,996                9
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                          (89)              —
      WXAT Shanghai                                              887               15
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                           (1)              —
      WX MedImmune                                                 —              399

                                                               5,301            2,291


                                                            2022              2021
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Contract assets
      STA Changzhou                                            7,250            7,685
      Less: Allowance for credit losses                          (44)              (2)

                                                               7,206            7,683


                                                            2022              2021
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000

      Advances to suppliers
      WASZ                                                   10,945            12,526
      Duoning                                                 5,400                —
      WXAT Incubator                                            650                14
      MedKey                                                      —                67

                                                             16,995            12,607




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   253
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      42. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (b) Related party balances (Continued)

                                                          2022      2021
                                                        RMB’000   RMB’000

                Amounts due to related parties
                Trade related
                STA R&D                                  39,973        61
                STA                                      26,227     2,148
                Duoning                                  13,803    36,908
                WXAT Shanghai                            13,600     1,003
                WASZ                                     12,590     2,318
                STA Changzhou                             5,322        —
                STA HK                                    3,034    19,498
                CMA Shanghai                                169        —
                NJ Mingjie                                  987        —
                Lianghei                                     91        25
                XBL                                           —       253

                                                        115,796    62,214


                Non-trade related
                STA Changzhou                            22,594     1,570
                Duoning                                  17,933     2,878
                Renze                                       189        —
                WXAT Shanghai                                 —     2,500
                WASZ                                          —     1,660
                WuXi Diagnostic                               —       249

                                                         40,716     8,857


                                                          2022      2021
                                                        RMB’000   RMB’000

                Contract liabilities
                STA R&D                                      —         46
                WuXi ATU                                     —         52

                                                             —         98




254   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                           For the year ended December 31, 2022




42. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

   (b) Related party balances (Continued)

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Lease liabilities
      WXAT Incubator                                          4,496               —
      WXAT Shanghai                                           1,194            2,334

                                                              5,690            2,334


      During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group entered into new
      lease agreements with WXAT Incubator for three years. The Group has
      recognized an addition of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
      RMB6,698,000 and RMB6,618,000 respectively.

                                                           2022              2021
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

      Consideration payable for acquisition of
        business
      STA Changzhou                                                —        280,000


      Except for loan receivables and lease liabilities, all the above balances
      with related parties are unsecured, interest free and repayable on
      demand.

      Except for WX MedImmune, Duoning, WXAT Incubator, Lianghei, Nextcode
      Shanghai, Shanghai Biopro and CMA Shanghai of which the relationship
      with the Group have been disclosed separately as above, all of the
      other related parties mentioned above are considered as related parties
      of the Group throughout the entire reporting period, because they are
      ultimately controlled by Dr. Ge Li; Dr. Ning Zhao, the spouse of Dr. Ge
      Li; Mr. Xiaozhong Liu and Mr. Zhaohui Zhang (collectively referred to as
      the “Shareholders”), who are all acting in concert and have significant
      influence in WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited (“Biologics Holdings”), the
      immediate and ultimate holding company of the Company.




                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   255
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      42.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

           (c) Compensation of key management personnel

                The remuneration of the directors of the Company and other members of
                key management of the Group during the year was as follows:

                                                                         2022             2021
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

                Director’s fee                                            1,084              559
                Salaries and other benefits                              13,624           13,013
                Performance-based bonus                                   5,549            5,467
                Retirement benefits scheme contributions                     96              168
                Share-based compensation                                147,305           85,158

                                                                        167,658         104,365


                The remuneration of key management is determined with reference to the
                performance of the individuals and market trends.

      43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

           (a) Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

                The Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to
                resolutions passed on January 5, 2016 for the primary purpose of
                attracting, retaining and motivating employees and directors. Under the
                Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the directors of the Company may grant up
                to 144,600,000 (before the effect of the Share Subdivision*) share options
                to eligible employees, including the directors of the Company and its
                subsidiaries, to subscribe for shares in the Company. Grantee accepting
                an option grant offered by the Company has to sign an acceptance letter
                and pay to the Company an amount of HK$1.00 (before the effect of the
                Share Subdivision) as consideration for the grant.

                Upon the Share Subdivision became effective, pro-rata adjustments were
                made to the exercise prices and the number of share options outstanding,
                so as to give the eligible employees the same proportion of the equity
                capital as that they were entitled to before the effect of the Share
                Subdivision.




      *    Pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution passed at an extraordinary general meeting on
           November 12, 2020, the authorized and issue shares of the Company were subdivided
           on the basis that every one issued share is subdivided into three subdivided shares (the
           “Share Subdivision”). The Share Subdivision became effective on November 16, 2020.


256   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (a)	Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

      Each option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme can only
      be exercised in the following manners (each date on which any portion
      of option granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting
      Date” and each tranche on which any portion of option granted shall be
      vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Tranche”):

      Tranche                                       Vesting Date

      twenty percent (20%) of the shares            second (2nd) anniversary of
        subject to an option so granted                the offer date for an Option
      twenty percent (20%) of the shares            third (3rd) anniversary of
        subject to an option so granted                the offer date for an Option
      twenty percent (20%) of the shares            fourth (4th) anniversary of
        subject to an option so granted                the offer date for an Option
      forty percent (40%) of the shares             fifth (5th) anniversary of
        subject to an option so granted                the offer date for an Option




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   257
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (a)	Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding options
                granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the years ended
                December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                          Outstanding
                                     Outstanding                                                as at
                                    as at January                                        December 31,
                Option batch               1, 2022      Granted   Exercised    Forfeited         2022

                January 7, 2016       131,901,326            —     9,281,425         —     122,619,901
                March 28, 2016          1,398,725            —       447,000         —         951,725
                August 10, 2016         7,435,400            —     1,215,850         —       6,219,550
                November 11, 2016       4,934,803            —     2,551,700         —       2,383,103
                March 15, 2017         41,632,793            —     7,935,210         —      33,697,583
                May 12, 2017            5,698,630            —       652,225         —       5,046,405

                                      193,001,677            —    22,083,410         —     170,918,267


                Exercisable at
                   the end of the
                   year               167,686,477                                          170,918,267

                Weighted average
                  exercise price
                  (US$)                       0.22           —          0.26         —            0.22


                                                                                          Outstanding
                                     Outstanding                                                as at
                                    as at January                                        December 31,
                Option batch               1, 2021      Granted   Exercised    Forfeited         2021

                January 7, 2016       167,037,100            —    35,135,774         —     131,901,326
                March 28, 2016          2,254,075            —       855,350         —       1,398,725
                August 10, 2016         9,433,200            —     1,810,600    187,200      7,435,400
                November 11, 2016       8,508,500            —     3,544,897     28,800      4,934,803
                March 15, 2017         46,300,500            —     3,906,907    760,800     41,632,793
                May 12, 2017            6,331,530            —       632,900         —       5,698,630

                                      239,864,905            —    45,886,428    976,800    193,001,677


                Exercisable at
                   the end of the
                   year                89,823,673                                          167,686,477

                Weighted average
                  exercise price
                  (US$)                       0.22           —          0.20       0.31           0.22



258   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022




43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (a) Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

      The estimated fair value of the Pre-IPO share options at the date of
      grant were approximately US$20,489,000, US$555,000, US$1,773,000,
      US$2,227,000, US$9,430,000 and US$2,974,000 for the January 7, 2016,
      March 28, 2016, August 10, 2016, November 11, 2016, March 15, 2017 and
      May 12, 2017 option batch, respectively. The fair value was calculated
      using the Binomial model. The major inputs into the model are as follows:

                            January 7,   March 28,   August 10,   November    March 15,    May 12,
      Grant date                 2016        2016         2016     11, 2016       2017       2017

      Share price (US$)
         (note)                 0.1600      0.1600       0.2167      0.2500      0.3167      0.5500
      Exercise price
         (US$) (note)          0.1667       0.1667      0.2200       0.2633      0.3400     0.6000
      Expected volatility      40.80%       40.80%      40.92%       40.87%      40.65%     40.46%
      Expected life
         (years)                   10          10           10           10         10          10
      Risk-free interest
         rate                   2.92%        2.92%       2.72%        2.83%       3.39%      3.67%
      Forfeiture rate           7.70%        7.70%       7.70%        7.70%       7.70%      7.70%

      Note:        The share price and exercise price represent the prices after the effect
                   of the Share Subdivision effected on November 16, 2020.

      Share price is determined as the total fair value of the Company’s equity
      divided by the total number of shares. To determine the grant date fair
      values of the Company’s equity prior to the Company’s Initial Public
      Offering on May 31, 2017, the Company used primarily the discounted
      cash flow method under the income approach, using cash flow projections
      based on financial forecasts approved by management covering a
      five-year period as appropriate and a discount rate of 13%. Cash flow
      beyond that five-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 5%
      growth rate. This growth rate does not exceed the long-term average
      growth rate for the market in which the Group operates. The result from
      the income approach was cross checked with the market approach, which
      incorporates certain assumptions, including the market performance of
      comparable listed companies, as well as the financial results and growth
      trends of the Company, to derive the total equity of the Group.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   259
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (a) Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of China
                government bonds with the term corresponding to the contractual life of
                the options. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical
                volatility of the comparable companies. Changes in variables and
                assumptions may result in changes in the fair values of the share options.

                The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the
                share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an
                option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB1,384,000 for
                the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB7,341,000) in relation to
                share options granted by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option
                Scheme.

                In respect of the share options exercised during the year, the weighted
                average share price at the dates of exercise was HK$59.80 (2021:
                HK$109.14 after the effect of the Share Subdivision).




260   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                            For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (b) Restricted Share Award Scheme

      On January 15, 2018, the Company adopted the Restricted Share Award
      Scheme for the primary purpose of (i) recognize the contributions by
      certain employees of the Group and directors of the Company (the
      “Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award Scheme”); (ii)
      encourage, motivate and retain the Selected Participants under Restricted
      Share Award Scheme, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual
      operation, development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii)
      provide additional incentive for the Selected Participants under Restricted
      Share Award Scheme to achieve performance goals, with a view to
      achieving the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning
      the interests of the Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award
      Scheme to the shareholders of the Company through ownership of Shares.
      The total number of the restricted shares underlying all grants made
      pursuant to the Restricted Share Award Scheme shall not exceed three
      percent of the issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption
      date (i.e. 34,953,032 shares before the effect of the Share Subdivision).

      The Company will issue and allot to trustee new shares under the general
      mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company from time to time.
      The new shares so issued will be held on trust until the end of each
      vesting period and will be transferred to the Selected Participants under
      Restricted Share Award Scheme upon satisfaction of the relevant original
      vesting conditions.

      The fair value of the restricted shares awarded was determined based on
      the market value of the Company’s shares at the grant date.

      Upon the Share Subdivision became effective, pro-rata adjustments have
      been made to the number of outstanding restricted shares, so as to give
      the Selected Participants under Restricted Share Award Scheme the same
      proportion of the equity capital as that they were entitled to before the
      effect of the Share Subdivision.




                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   261
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (b)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

                Except for 14,138 (before the effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted
                shares granted on June 5, 2019, 11,400 (before the effect of the Share
                Subdivision) restricted shares granted on June 9, 2020, 12,335 (after the
                effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted shares granted on June 16, 2021
                and 16,581(after the effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted shares
                granted on June 10, 2022 with vesting period of one year, and 56,018
                (after the effect of the Share Subdivision) restricted shares granted
                on March 24, 2021 with forty percent of such restricted shares were
                vested during the year ended December 31, 2021, and twenty and forty
                percent of such restricted shares shall be vested in the following two
                years, respectively, and 50,933 (after the effect of the Share Subdivision)
                restricted shares granted on November 23, 2021 with different vesting
                schedule from 3 years to 5 years, each other restricted share granted
                under the Restricted Share Award Scheme can only be vested in the
                following manners (each date on which any portion of restricted share
                granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting Date of
                Restricted Share Award Scheme” and each tranche on which any portion
                of restricted share granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a
                “Batch under Restricted Share Award Scheme”):

                Batch under Restricted                      Vesting Date of Restricted
                Share Award Scheme                          Share Award Scheme

                twenty percent (20%) of the restricted      second (2nd) anniversary of
                  shares so granted                            the grant date for an
                                                               restricted share
                twenty percent (20%) of the restricted      third (3rd) anniversary of
                  shares so granted                            the grant date for an
                                                               restricted share
                twenty percent (20%) of the restricted      fourth (4th) anniversary of
                  shares so granted                            the grant date for an
                                                               restricted share
                forty percent (40%) of the restricted       fifth (5th) anniversary of
                  shares so granted                            the grant date for an
                                                               restricted share




262   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (b)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

      Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted
      shares granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme during the
      years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                                                       Cancelled due
                                                                                        to joining the
                                                                                          Subsidiary
                                                                                        Share Option     Outstanding Fair value per
                                   Outstanding                                         Scheme during            as at   share at the
                                  as at January                                            the period December 31, date of grant
      Batch                             1, 2022     Granted      Vested    Forfeited          (note i)          2022         (note ii)


      January 15, 2018                3,128,778           —    1,042,926     92,736            38,844       1,954,272     HK$18.333
      March 20, 2018                  2,457,027           —     816,099     122,154            78,498       1,440,276     HK$25.233
      June 13, 2018                     886,641           —     287,457      52,545             2,430        544,209      HK$29.500
      August 21,2018                  1,929,057           —     586,452     106,953            86,967       1,148,685     HK$23.500
      November 20, 2018               1,336,522           —     427,052      46,438             8,747        854,285      HK$21.850
      March 19, 2019                    110,330           —      27,580           —                 —         82,750      HK$27.783
      June 5, 2019                    9,528,265           —    2,306,023    393,961           244,046       6,584,235     HK$23.900
      August 20, 2019                 3,148,144           —     750,216     171,843            64,572       2,161,513     HK$27.667
      November 20, 2019                 969,806           —     230,596      50,938                 —        688,272      HK$29.800
      March 27, 2020                  4,476,978           —     904,602     377,817           203,631       2,990,928     HK$33.333
      June 9, 2020                    1,775,685           —     342,290      84,959            12,918       1,335,518     HK$41.900
      August 18, 2020                 1,580,916           —     288,319     129,446            53,241       1,109,910     HK$58.600
      November 12, 2020               5,972,145           —    1,111,962    290,996           152,979       4,416,208     HK$77.133
      March 24, 2021                  4,482,376           —           —     321,027           151,797       4,009,552     HK$87.950
      June 16, 2021                   1,493,141           —      12,335           —           156,202       1,324,604    HK$116.900
      June 17, 2021                  12,534,876           —           —     902,631           554,050     11,078,195     HK$120.800
      August 24, 2021                 4,583,421           —           —     454,370           214,130       3,914,921    HK$121.700
      November 23, 2021               3,846,769           —      16,638     330,216           128,196       3,371,719    HK$101.300
      March 23, 2022                         —    18,954,570          —    1,458,875           85,810     17,409,885      HK$65.300
      June 10, 2022                          —     8,821,616          —     233,815            57,072       8,530,729     HK$69.000
      August 18, 2022                        —     1,744,144          —      23,380                 —       1,720,764     HK$71.700
      November 28, 2022                      —     7,330,996          —      78,163                 —      7,252,833      HK$47.350


                                     64,240,877   36,851,326   9,150,547   5,723,263        2,294,130     83,924,263


      Weighted average fair
          value per share (HK$)           68.09        62.92      33.34       72.43             79.33          69.01




                                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                        263
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (b) Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

                                                                                                                Fair value
                                              Outstanding                                      Outstanding    per share at
                                                    as at                                             as at    the date of
                                               January 1,                                        December            grant
                Batch                                2021     Granted      Vested    Forfeited    31, 2021         (note ii)


                January 15, 2018                5,066,760           —    1,266,690    671,292     3,128,778     HK$18.333
                March 20, 2018                  3,554,628           —      883,515    214,086     2,457,027     HK$25.233
                June 13, 2018                   1,254,174           —      308,613     58,920       886,641     HK$29.500
                August 21,2018                  2,727,846           —      664,425    134,364     1,929,057     HK$23.500
                November 20, 2018               1,941,925           —      469,361    136,042     1,336,522     HK$21.850
                March 19, 2019                    137,910           —       27,580         —        110,330     HK$27.783
                June 5, 2019                   12,546,804           —    2,474,188    544,351     9,528,265     HK$23.900
                August 20, 2019                 4,212,252           —      808,304    255,804     3,148,144     HK$27.667
                November 20, 2019               1,293,948           —      246,799     77,343       969,806     HK$29.800
                March 27, 2020                  4,892,280           —           —     415,302     4,476,978     HK$33.333
                June 9, 2020                    1,864,962           —       34,200     55,077     1,775,685     HK$41.900
                August 18, 2020                 1,799,517           —           —     218,601     1,580,916     HK$58.600
                November 12, 2020               6,359,703           —           —     387,558     5,972,145     HK$77.133
                March 24, 2021                         —     4,736,220      22,408    231,436     4,482,376     HK$87.950
                June 16, 2021                          —     1,493,141          —          —      1,493,141    HK$116.900
                June 17, 2021                          —    13,128,486          —     593,610    12,534,876    HK$120.800
                August 24, 2021                        —     4,869,545          —     286,124     4,583,421    HK$121.700
                November 23, 2021                      —     3,944,640          —      97,871     3,846,769    HK$101.300


                                               47,652,709   28,172,032   7,206,083   4,377,781   64,240,877


                Weighted average fair value
                   per share (HK$)                  34.04      112.50       24.08       55.65         68.09




264   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (b)	Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

      Notes:

      i.    During the current period, certain employees of the Group were offered, and
            agreed to join the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme, i.e. the WuXi XDC Share
            Option Scheme (as defined in Note 43(d)) or the WuXi Vaccines Share Option
            Scheme (as defined in Note 43(d)). Upon participating in the Subsidiary Share
            Option Scheme, share options under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme
            were granted to the employees while the outstanding restricted shares
            granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme held by the respective
            employees were cancelled in the same time accordingly. The directors of the
            Company considered that most of the cancelled restricted shares under the
            Restricted Share Award Scheme were replaced by the share options granted
            under the Subsidiary Share Option Scheme, which was accounted for as
            a modification of the original equity instruments with no incremental fair
            value granted, therefore, such outstanding restricted shares would continue
            to be measured at the original grant-date fair value and the corresponding
            share-based compensation expense would be recognized in profit or loss
            over the original vesting periods. The remaining cancelled restricted shares
            were deemed to be accounted for as an acceleration of vesting, and the
            Group recognized immediately the amount that otherwise would have been
            recognized for services received over the remainder of the vesting period.

      ii.   The fair value per share at the date of grant represents the prices after the
            effect of the Share Subdivision effected on November 16, 2020.

      The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB1,089,761,000
      for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB552,508,000) in relation
      to restricted shares granted by the Company under the Restricted Share
      Award Scheme.




                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   265
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (c) Global Partner Program Share Scheme

                On June 16, 2021, the Company adopted a global partner program share
                scheme to further reward and incentivize the Group’s top employees
                and attract key talents (the “Selected Participants under Global Partner
                Program Share Scheme”) to ensure the continuous business development
                and growth of the Company and to further align the interests of the
                top employees and the shareholders of the Company. The Selected
                Participants under Global Partner Program Share Scheme who have
                significant contributions to the Group’s business development and growth
                will be granted restricted shares under the Global Partner Program Share
                Scheme. The number of restricted shares to be granted will be determined
                based on various performance-related considerations, such as the
                fulfilment by the respective Selected Participants under Global Partner
                Program Share Scheme of their individual performance targets as well
                as the overall business performance of the Group as a whole. The total
                number of the restricted shares underlying all grants made pursuant to
                the Global Partner Program Share Scheme shall not exceed three percent
                of the total number of shares of the Company in issue as at the adoption
                date (i.e. 126,982,689 shares).

                The Company will issue and allot to trustee new shares under the general
                mandate granted by the shareholders of the Company from time to time.
                The new shares so issued will be held on trust until the end of each
                vesting period and will be transferred to the Selected Participants under
                Global Partner Program Share Scheme upon satisfaction of the relevant
                original vesting conditions.

                The fair value of the restricted shares awarded was determined based on
                the market value of the Company’s share at the grant date.




266   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (c)	Global Partner Program Share Scheme (Continued)

      The restricted share granted under the Global Partner Program Scheme
      can only be vested in the following manners (each date on which any
      portion of restricted share granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred
      to as a “Vesting Date of Global Partner Program Share Scheme” and each
      batch on which any portion of restricted share granted shall be vested is
      hereinafter referred to as a “Batch under Global Partner Program Share
      Scheme”):

      Batch under Global Partner                                Vesting Date of Global Partner
      Program Share Scheme                                      Program Share Scheme

      fifty percent (50%) of the restricted                     first (1st) anniversary of the grant
         shares so granted                                         date for an restricted share
      fifty percent (50%) of the restricted                     second (2nd) anniversary of the
         shares so granted                                         grant date for an restricted share

      Besides, the restricted shares can only be vested when the share price is
      no less than HK$97.80.

      Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted
      shares granted under the Global Partner Program Share Scheme during
      the year ended December 31, 2022:

                                    Outstanding                                         Outstanding
                                          as at                                               as at Fair value per
                                     January 1,                                        December 31, share at the
      Batch                                2022   Granted          Vested    Forfeited         2022 date of grant


      November 23, 2021               2,723,830          —             —       141,072     2,582,758     HK$101.30
      June 10, 2022                          —    1,223,147            —            —      1,223,147      HK$69.00
      November 28, 2022                      —    6,769,146            —            —      6,769,146      HK$47.35


                                      2,723,830   7,992,293            —       141,072    10,575,051


      Weighted average fair value
         per share (HK$)                 101.30      50.66             —        101.30         63.03


      The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB158,348,000
      for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: RMB18,103,000) in relation
      to restricted shares granted by the Company under the Global Partner
      Program Share Scheme.




                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022        267
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (d) Subsidiary Share Option Scheme

                WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme (as defined below)

                On November 23, 2021 WuXi XDC Cayman Inc. (“WuXi XDC”), a subsidiary
                of the Company, adopted the share option scheme (the “WuXi XDC Share
                Option Scheme”) for the primary purpose to enable WuXi XDC to grant
                share options to eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their
                contribution to WuXi XDC and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as
                the “WuXi XDC Group”) so as to enable the WuXi XDC Group to recruit
                and retain high-calibre employees and attract human resources that
                are valuable to the WuXi XDC Group. Eligible participants for the WuXi
                XDC Share Option Scheme include any full-time or part-time employees,
                executives, officers or directors of the WuXi XDC Group. The maximum
                number of WuXi XDC shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
                share options to be granted under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme
                and other share option schemes of WuXi XDC shall not in aggregate
                exceed 10% of the total number of WuXi XDC shares in issue as at the
                adoption date (i.e. 100,000,000 shares) (the “WuXi XDC Scheme Mandate
                Limit”). Share options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the
                WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of
                calculating the WuXi XDC Scheme Mandate Limit.

                The option granted under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme can only
                be vested in the following manners (each date on which any portion of
                options granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting
                Date of WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme” and each batch on which any
                portion of options granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a
                “Batch under WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme”):

                Batch under WuXi XDC                    Vesting Date of WuXi XDC
                Share Option Scheme                     Share Option Scheme

                twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    second (2nd) anniversary of the
                  XDC share options so granted         grant date for a WuXi XDC share
                                                       option
                twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    third (3rd) anniversary of the grant
                  XDC share options so granted         date for a WuXi XDC share option
                twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    fourth (4th) anniversary of the
                  XDC share options so granted         grant date for a WuXi XDC share
                                                       option
                forty percent (40%) of the WuXi XDC fifth (5th) anniversary of the grant
                  share options so granted             date for a WuXi XDC share option




268   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022




43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (d)	Subsidiary Share Option Scheme (Continued)

      WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme (as defined below) (Continued)

      Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding share
      options granted under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme during the
      year ended December 31, 2022:

                                  Outstanding                                         Outstanding
                                        as at                                                as at
                                   January 1,                                           December
      Batch                              2022     Granted     Exercised     Forfeited    31, 2022

      April 1, 2022                        —    20,907,270           —      2,537,721    18,369,549
      June 10, 2022                        —    32,160,000           —             —     32,160,000
      August 18, 2022                      —     9,052,830           —        450,574     8,602,256

                                           —    62,120,100           —      2,988,295    59,131,805

      Exercisable at the end of
         the year                          —                                                     —

      Weighted average
        exercise price (RMB)               —       1.6860            —         1.6869       1.6859


      The estimated fair value of the WuXi XDC share options at the date
      of grant were approximately RMB20,602,000, RMB34,331,000 and
      RMB8,984,000 for the April 1, 2022, June 10, 2022 and August 18, 2022
      option batch, respectively. The fair value was calculated using the
      Binomial model. The major inputs into the model are as follows:

                                                April 1,          June 10,          August 18,
      Grant date                                  2022               2022                2022

      Equity value per share
        (RMB)                                     1.658               1.658                1.845
      Exercise price (RMB)                        1.658               1.658                1.850
      Expected volatility                         47.6%               47.9%                47.9%
      Expected life (years)                          10                  10                   10
      Risk-free interest rate                     2.81%               2.81%                2.78%
      Forfeiture rate                             3.70%                   —                3.70%




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   269
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (d)	Subsidiary Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme (as defined below) (Continued)

                The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of China
                government bonds with the term corresponding to the contractual life of
                the options. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical
                volatility of the comparable companies. Changes in variables and
                assumptions may result in changes in the fair values of the share options.

                The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the
                share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an
                option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB27,487,000 for
                the years ended December 31, 2022 in relation to options granted by WuXi
                XDC under the WuXi XDC Share Option Scheme.

                WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme (as defined below)

                On November 23, 2021 WuXi Vaccines (Cayman) Inc. (“WuXi Vaccines”), a
                subsidiary of the Company, adopted the share option scheme (the “WuXi
                Vaccines Share Option Scheme”) for the primary purpose to enable WuXi
                Vaccines to grant share options to eligible participants as incentives
                or rewards for their contribution to Wuxi Vaccines and its subsidiaries
                (collectively referred to as the “WuXi Vaccines Group”) so as to enable
                the WuXi Vaccines Group to recruit and retain high-calibre employees and
                attract human resources that are valuable to the WuXi Vaccines Group.
                Eligible participants for the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme include
                any full-time or part-time employees, executives, officers or directors of
                the WuXi Vaccines Group. The maximum number of WuXi Vaccines shares
                which may be issued upon exercise of all share options to be granted
                under the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme and other share option
                schemes of WuXi Vaccines shall not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total
                number of WuXi Vaccines shares in issue as at the adoption date (i.e.
                100,000,000 shares) (the “WuXi Vaccines Scheme Mandate Limit”). Share
                options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the WuXi Vaccines Share
                Option Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the
                WuXi Vaccines Scheme Mandate Limit.




270   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2022




43. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   (d) Subsidiary Share Option Scheme (Continued)

      WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme (as defined below) (Continued)

      The option granted under the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme can
      only be vested in the following manners (each date on which any portion
      of options granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting
      Date of WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme” and each batch on which
      any portion of options granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as
      a “Batch under WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme”):

      Batch under WuXi Vaccines                        Vesting Date of WuXi Vaccines
      Share Option Scheme                              Share Option Scheme

      twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    second (2nd) anniversary of the
        Vaccines share options so granted    grant date for a WuXi Vaccines
                                             share option
      twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    third (3rd) anniversary of the grant
        Vaccines share options so granted    date for a WuXi Vaccines share
                                             option
      twenty percent (20%) of the WuXi    fourth (4th) anniversary of the
        Vaccines share options so granted    grant date for a WuXi Vaccines
                                             share option
      forty percent (40%) of the WuXi     fifth (5th) anniversary of the grant
        Vaccines share options so granted    date for a WuXi Vaccines share
                                             option

      Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding share
      options granted under the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme during the
      year ended December 31, 2022:

                                  Outstanding                                         Outstanding
                                        as at                                                as at
                                   January 1,                                           December
      Batch                              2022     Granted     Exercised     Forfeited    31, 2022


      May 16, 2022                         —    14,676,453           —        51,913    14,624,540
      June 10, 2022                        —    31,980,000           —            —     31,980,000


                                           —    46,656,453           —        51,913    46,604,540


      Exercisable at the end of
         the year                          —                                                    —


      Weighted average
        exercise price (US$)               —         0.511           —          0.511        0.511



                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   271
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      43.	SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

           (d)	Subsidiary Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme (as defined below) (Continued)

                The estimated fair value of the WuXi Vaccines share options at the date
                of grant were approximately US$4,851,000 and US$11,004,000 for the May
                16, 2022 and June 10, 2022 option batch, respectively. The fair value was
                calculated using the Binomial model. The major inputs into the model are
                as follows:

                Grant date                               May 16, 2022 June 10, 2022

                Equity value per share (US$)                     0.511            0.511
                Exercise price (US$)                             0.511            0.511
                Expected volatility                                65%              65%
                Expected life (years)                               10               10
                Risk-free interest rate                          2.88%            2.88%
                Forfeiture rate                           0% and 3.70%               0%

                The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of China
                government bonds with the term corresponding to the contractual life of
                the options. Expected volatility was determined by using the historical
                volatility of the comparable companies. Changes in variables and
                assumptions may result in changes in the fair values of the share options.

                The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the
                share options are based on the directors’ best estimate. The value of an
                option varies with different variables of certain subjective assumptions.

                The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB19,779,000 for
                the years ended December 31, 2022 in relation to options granted by WuXi
                Vaccines under the WuXi Vaccines Share Option Scheme.




272   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2022




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   The direct and indirect interests in the following subsidiaries held by the
   Company during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                            Attributable equity
                                      Place of        Authorized                             interests held by
                                  Incorporation/     share capital/                         the Company as at
                                operation, date of    Registered                               December 31                Principal
   Name of subsidiaries            incorporation        capital          Paid up capital      2022        2021            activities
                                                                                                 %           %

   Directly held:

   WuXi Biologics Investments      Hong Kong          Not applicable     RMB2,065,376,000       100        100           Investment
    Limited (“Biologics         November 18, 2010                                                                            holding
    Investments”)

   無錫明德生物醫藥有限公司                        The PRC       RMB3,000,000,000          N/A              N/A        100           Investment
    (WuXi Medi Biologics, Inc.) # September 26, 2016                                                                         holding
    (note iv)

   WuXi Biologics HealthCare      Cayman Islands        US$50,000               —               100        100           Investment
    Venture (Cayman) Inc.          April 10, 2018                                                                            holding

   WuXi Biologics HealthCare        Hong Kong         Not applicable            —               100        100           Investment
    Venture Hong Kong Holding      April 25, 2018                                                                            holding
    Limited

   WuXi Biologics Alliance           Hong Kong        Not applicable            —               100        100           Investment
    Limited                        June 27, 2019                                                                             holding

   WuXi Vaccines                  Cayman Islands        US$50,000           US$50,000            70         70           Investment
                                September 18, 2020                                                                           holding

   WuXi XDC (note v)              Cayman Islands        US$50,000           US$50,000            60        100           Investment
                                 December 14, 2020                                                                           holding

   Indirectly held:

   無錫藥明康德企業管理有限公司                    The PRC         RMB4,911,180,000 RMB4,911,180,000          100        100           Investment
    (WuXi Biologics Holdings      August 14, 2014                                                                            holding
    Co., Ltd.) # (note ii)

   無錫藥明生物技術股份有限公司                    The PRC         RMB8,915,770,000 RMB8,915,770,000          100        100      Development of,
    (WuXi Co.)# (note i)           May 25, 2010                                                                    and the provision
                                                                                                                     of consultation
                                                                                                                          services in
                                                                                                                     relation to, the
                                                                                                                  biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                         technology




                                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                  273
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                     Attributable equity
                                                  Place of        Authorized                          interests held by
                                              Incorporation/     share capital/                      the Company as at
                                            operation, date of    Registered                            December 31                 Principal
           Name of subsidiaries                incorporation        capital        Paid up capital     2022        2021             activities
                                                                                                          %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)


           WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong)           Hong Kong         Not applicable         HK$1            100        100         International
            Limited                            May 12, 2014                                                                 sales contracting
                                                                                                                                      service

           蘇州藥明檢測檢驗有限責任公司                        The PRC          RMB42,860,000     RMB42,860,000        100        100          Testing and
            (“WuXi Biologics Biosafety         May 30, 2012                                                                     development
            Testing (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.”)#                                                                                          of testing
            (note iii)                                                                                                          technologies

           上海藥明生物技術有限公司                          The PRC         RMB1,330,000,000 RMB1,330,000,000       100        100         Research and
            (Shanghai Biologics)#             January 6, 2015                                                                   development
            (note iii)                                                                                                           in relation to
                                                                                                                                      biologics

           WuXi Biologics Ireland Limited         Ireland        EUR781,496,881    EUR781,496,881        100        100             Biologics
            (“Biologics Ireland”)              March 8, 2018                                                                       discovery,
                                                                                                                            development and
                                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                      service

           WuXi Biologics USA, LLC.          The United States   US$284,200,100    US$284,200,100        100        100             Sales and
            (“USA Biologics”)                  April 21, 2016                                                                      marketing
                                                                                                                            services in US, of
                                                                                                                            America biologics
                                                                                                                                  clinical and
                                                                                                                              manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           WuXi Biologics UK Ltd.           The United Kingdom    Pound Sterling    Pound Sterling       100        100            Sales and
            (“UK Biologics”)                 December 2, 2016         1,000             1,000                              marketing services
                                                                                                                                   in Europe

           上海藥明生物醫藥有限公司                           The PRC         US$63,000,000     US$61,973,957        100        100        Production and
            (WuXi Biologics (Shanghai           April 7, 2017                                                               sales of medicals,
            FX) Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                                      and provision
            (note i)                                                                                                             of services in
                                                                                                                                relation to the
                                                                                                                           biopharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                    technology




274   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                               Attributable equity
                                          Place of        Authorized                            interests held by
                                      Incorporation/     share capital/                        the Company as at
                                    operation, date of    Registered                              December 31               Principal
   Name of subsidiaries                incorporation        capital          Paid up capital     2022        2021           activities
                                                                                                    %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   成都藥明生物技術有限公司 (WuXi            The PRC                 US$120,000,000       US$66,318,000        100        100      Research and
    Biologics (Chengdu) Co., December 4, 2017                                                                         development in
    Ltd.) # (note i)                                                                                                       relation to
                                                                                                                             biologics

   上海藥明海德生物科技有限公司                        The PRC         RMB500,000,000       RMB8,200,000          70         70          Biologics
   (Shanghai Vaccines Co., Ltd.)#     August 1, 2018                                                                   manufacturing
     (note i)                                                                                                                service

   無錫藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                        The PRC         US$200,000,000       US$141,000,000        60        100            Biologics
    (WuXi XDC Co., Ltd.)#             March 13, 2018                                                                        discovery,
    (notes ii and v)                                                                                                 development and
                                                                                                                       manufacturing
                                                                                                                               service

   河北藥明生物技術有限公司                           The PRC        US$62,000,000        US$51,523,001        100        100            Biologics
   (WuXi Biologics (Hebei) Co.,        June 19, 2018                                                                        discovery,
     Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                                 development and
                                                                                                                       manufacturing
                                                                                                                               service

   WuXi Biologics HealthCare            Hong Kong         Not applicable            —              100        100          Investment
    Venture                            May 29, 2018                                                                            holding

   杭州明德生物醫藥技術有限公司                        The PRC         US$110,000,000       US$110,000,000       100        100            Biologics
   (WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou)       September 16, 2019                                                                      discovery,
     Co., Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                            development and
                                                                                                                       manufacturing
                                                                                                                               service

   WuXi Biologics Singapore              Singapore            US$1                 US$1            100        100          Biologics
    Private Limited                   February 1, 2019                                                                 manufacturing
                                                                                                                             service

   WuXi Vaccines (Hong Kong)            Hong Kong         Not applicable      US$107,000,000        70         70 International sales
    Limited                            May 24, 2019                                                                      contracting
                                                                                                                             service




                                                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022               275
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                       Attributable equity
                                                   Place of          Authorized                         interests held by
                                               Incorporation/       share capital/                     the Company as at
                                             operation, date of      Registered                           December 31               Principal
           Name of subsidiaries                 incorporation          capital       Paid up capital     2022        2021           activities
                                                                                                            %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)


           WuXi Vaccines Ireland Limited           Ireland             EUR1,000          EUR1,000           70         70      Vaccine CDMO
                                                June 20, 2019                                                                    and related
                                                                                                                                     business

           博格隆(浙江)生物技術有限公                          The PRC          RMB240,000,000   RMB102,000,000       50.1       50.1            Biologics
            司 (Bestchrom (Zhejiang)             June 18, 2013                                                                 manufacturing
            Biosciences Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                              service and
            (note i)                                                                                                         material supplier

           博格隆(上海)生物技術有限公                          The PRC            US$150,000       US$150,000         50.1       50.1            Biologics
            司 (Bestchrom (Shanghai)              July 1, 2008                                                                 manufacturing
            Biosciences Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                              service and
            (note i)                                                                                                         material supplier

           WuXi Biologics Germany            The Federal Republic     EUR25,000      EUR240,064,271        100        100          Biologics
            GmbH                                 of Germany                                                                    manufacturing
                                              December 20, 2019                                                                      service

           杭州明德生物新技術開發有限公司                        The PRC           US$20,000,000     US$20,000,000        100        100            Biologics
            (WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou           April 30, 2020                                                                      discovery,
            FTZ) Co., Ltd.)# (note i)                                                                                        development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           無錫博格隆生物技術有限                            The PRC           RMB20,000,000           —             50.1       50.1            Biologics
            公司 (WuXi Bestchrom               September 15, 2020                                                                     discovery,
            Biosciences Co., Ltd.)#                                                                                          development and
            (note i)                                                                                                           manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           北京藥明生物技術有限公司                           The PRC           RMB30,000,000     RMB5,000,000         100        100            Biologics
           (Beijing Biologics)# (note iii)   September 18, 2020                                                                     discovery,
                                                                                                                             development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           無錫元康投資管理有限公司                          The PRC       RMB2,500,000,000      RMB235,020,000        100        100          Investment
            (WuXi Yuankang                   November 10, 2020                                                                         activity
            Investments Co., Ltd.)#
            (note iii)




276   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2022




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                   Attributable equity
                                          Place of            Authorized                            interests held by
                                      Incorporation/         share capital/                        the Company as at
                                    operation, date of        Registered                              December 31                 Principal
   Name of subsidiaries                incorporation            capital          Paid up capital     2022        2021             activities
                                                                                                        %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   無錫藥明海德生物技術有限公司                        The PRC             RMB50,000,000              —               70         70            Biologics
    (WuXi Vaccines Co., Ltd)#          March 8, 2021                                                                         manufacturing
    (note i)                                                                                                                       service

   WuXi XDC Hong Kong Limited            Hong Kong            Not applicable            —               60        100         International
    (note v)                            June 7, 2021                                                                      sales contracting
                                                                                                                                    service

   CMAB Biopharma Limited           British Virgin Islands     US$50,000          US$60,869,975        100        100            Investment
                                        June 15, 2017                                                                                holding

   CMAB Biopharma (HK) Limited          Hong Kong             Not applicable        HKD10,000          100        100            Investment
                                     December 1, 2016                                                                                holding

   CMAB Biopharma (US) Inc.          The United States            US$1                 US$1            100        100          Development,
                                       June 9, 2020                                                                          production and
                                                                                                                                 distribution
                                                                                                                         of biotechnological
                                                                                                                                    products

   CMAB Biopharma                      Switzerland             CHF100,000          CHF100,000          100        100          Development,
     (Switzerland) Inc.               March 26, 2018                                                                         production and
                                                                                                                                 distribution
                                                                                                                         of biotechnological
                                                                                                                                    products

   蘇州藥明生物技術有限公司WuXi                       The PRC            US$69,364,416        US$69,364,416        100        100             Biologics
    Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.#      June 23, 2017                                                                             discovery,
    (note i)                                                                                                              development and
                                                                                                                            manufacturing
                                                                                                                                    service

   浙江藥明生物醫藥有限公司                          The PRC             US$325,000,000       US$325,000,000       100        100             Biologics
    WuXi Biologics (Zhejiang)        November 2, 2015                                                                            discovery,
    Co., Ltd.# (note ii)                                                                                                  development and
                                                                                                                            manufacturing
                                                                                                                                    service

   上海藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                        The PRC             RMB30,000,000        RMB30,000,000         60        100             Biologics
    WuXi XDC (Shanghai) Co.,          March 31, 2021                                                                             discovery,
    Ltd.# (notes iii and v)                                                                                               development and
                                                                                                                            manufacturing
                                                                                                                                    service




                                                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022                  277
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                       Attributable equity
                                                   Place of        Authorized                           interests held by
                                               Incorporation/     share capital/                       the Company as at
                                             operation, date of    Registered                             December 31               Principal
           Name of subsidiaries                 incorporation        capital         Paid up capital     2022        2021           activities
                                                                                                            %           %

           Indirectly held: (Continued)

           常州藥明合聯生物技術有限公司                          The PRC        RMB300,000,000     RMB300,000,000         60        100            Biologics
            WuXi XDC (Changzhou) Co.,            July 2, 2021                                                                       discovery,
            Ltd.# (notes iii and v)                                                                                          development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           無錫藥明新創生物技術有限公司                         The PRC         US$100,000,000       US$1,000,000        100        100            Biologics
            WuXi Biologics New Tech             April 29, 2021                                                                      discovery,
            Co., Ltd.# (note ii)                                                                                             development and
                                                                                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                                       service

           無錫雅康實業投資有限公司                            The PRC        RMB300,000,000            —              100        100          Investment
            WuXi Yakang Investments             June 30, 2021                                                                          activity
            Co., Ltd.# (note iii)

           無錫啟盛投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                        The PRC        RMB1,000,000,000   RMB430,000,000        100        100          Investment
            WuXi Qisheng Investments            June 30, 2021                                                                          activity
            Partnership (Limited
            Partnership)# (note i)

           上海藥明檢測有限公司WuXi                          The PRC        RMB100,000,000      RMB84,081,175        100        100         Testing and
            Biologics Biosafety Testing         July 22, 2021                                                                    development
            (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.# (note i)                                                                                          of testing
                                                                                                                                 technologies

           無錫康澤投資管理有限公司                            The PRC        RMB400,000,000            —              100        100          Investment
            WuXi Kangze Investments             July 21, 2021                                                                          activity
            Management Co., Ltd.#
            (note ii)

           無錫康悅投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                        The PRC        RMB500,500,000     RMB126,500,000        100        100          Investment
            WuXi Kangyue Investments            August 6, 2021                                                                         activity
            Partnership (Limited
            Partnership)# (note i)

           無錫啟源投資合夥企業(有限合夥)                        The PRC        RMB1,000,000,000          —              100        100          Investment
             WuXi Qiyuan Investments           October 12, 2021                                                                        activity
            Partnership (Limited
            Partnership)# (note i)




278   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2022




44. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                            Attributable equity
                                        Place of        Authorized                           interests held by
                                    Incorporation/     share capital/                       the Company as at
                                  operation, date of    Registered                             December 31            Principal
   Name of subsidiaries              incorporation        capital         Paid up capital     2022        2021        activities
                                                                                                 %           %

   Indirectly held: (Continued)

   WuXi Biologics                      Singapore        US$8,000,000             —              100        100        Biologics
    Biopharmaceuticals             December 30, 2021                                                              manufacturing
    Singapore Private Limited                                                                                           service

   蘇州藥明海德生物科技有限公司                       The PRC        RMB200,000,000      RMB58,000,000         70        NA         Biologics
    (Suzhou Vaccines Co., Ltd.)     October 20, 2022                                                              manufacturing
    (note ii)                                                                                                           service

   WuXi XDC Singapore Private         Singapore         US$5,000,000             —               60        NA         Biologics
    Limited                       November 16, 2022                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                        service

   WuXi Vaccines Singapore            Singapore         US$1,000,000             —               70        NA         Biologics
    Private Limited               November 16, 2022                                                               manufacturing
                                                                                                                        service

   #      English name is for identification purpose only.

   Notes:

   i.     This Company is a sino-foreign joint venture.

   ii.    This Company is a wholly-foreign owned enterprise.

   iii.   This Company is a wholly-domestic owned enterprise.

   iv.    This Company was deregister during the years ended December 31, 2022.

   v.     During the year ended December 31, 2022, the attributable equity interests
          held by the Company were diluted due to capital injection by non-controlling
          shareholders.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year.




                                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022            279
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      45. FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                            2022         2021
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000

           Non-current Asset
           Investments in subsidiaries                   6,026,218    4,890,970

                                                         6,026,218    4,890,970

           Current Assets
           Other receivables and prepayments               247,006      223,150
           Amounts due from subsidiaries                22,340,781   17,130,198
           Derivative financial assets                     104,136      360,603
           Financial assets at FVTPL                     1,047,423           64
           Time deposits                                         —    1,147,626
           Pledged bank deposits                                 —      127,050
           Bank balances and cash                        1,181,105    3,617,126

                                                        24,920,451   22,605,817

           Current Liabilities
           Trade and other payables                          3,213     791,260
           Amounts due to subsidiaries                   5,562,554     884,521
           Derivative financial liabilities                303,181      39,719
           Income tax payables                              66,937      53,299

                                                         5,935,885    1,768,799

           Net Current Assets                           18,984,566   20,837,018

           Total Assets less Current Liabilities        25,010,784   25,727,988

           Non-current Liability                                —            —

           Net Assets                                   25,010,784   25,727,988


           Capital and Reserves
           Share capital                                       233          235
           Reserves                                     25,010,551   25,727,753

           Total Equity attributable to the Owners of
            the Company                                 25,010,784   25,727,988




280   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2022




46. RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

  The movement of the reserves of the Company are as follows:


                                                     Equity-settled
                                                      share-based
                              Treasury         Share compensation      Hedging      Accumulated          Total
                                 stock      premium        reserve      reserve      profit (loss)    reserves
                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

  At January 1, 2021                 —     15,827,233       710,243      12,114          (145,345)   16,404,245

  Total comprehensive
      income for the year            —             —             —        2,568           304,184      306,752
  Issue of new shares, net
      of transaction costs           —     10,899,022            —            —                 —    10,899,022
  Exercise of equity-
      settled share-based
      compensation                   —        57,568             —            —                 —       57,568
  Recognition of equity-
      settled share-based
      compensation                   —             —        577,281           —                 —       577,281
  Repurchase of shares       (2,517,115)           —             —            —                 —    (2,517,115)

  At December 31, 2021       (2,517,115)   26,783,823     1,287,524      14,682           158,839    25,727,753
  Total comprehensive
      income (expense) for
      the year                       —             —             —       (85,725)         887,300      801,575
  Cancellation of treasury
      stock                  5,321,569     (5,321,564)           —            —                 —             5
  Exercise of equity-
      settled share-based
      compensation                   —       379,095       (342,916)          —                 —       36,179
  Recognition of equity-
      settled share-based
      compensation                   —             —      1,249,493           —                 —     1,249,493
  Repurchase of shares       (2,804,454)           —             —            —                 —    (2,804,454)

  At December 31, 2022               —     21,841,354     2,194,101      (71,043)       1,046,139    25,010,551




                                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022         281
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2022




      47. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000

           Unlisted shares, at cost
           Biologics Investments (note i)                             2,065,376       2,065,376
           WuXi Medi Biologics, Inc.                                          —       1,049,789
           WuXi Vaccines                                                651,655         491,029
           WuXi XDC                                                     777,052              —

           Deemed capital contributions to (note ii) :
           WuXi Co.                                                   1,256,808         664,927
           Shanghai Biologics                                           693,989         374,994
           USA Biologics                                                129,819          62,203
           WuXi Biologics Biosafety Testing (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.           55,016          27,285
           UK Biologics                                                  11,055           5,361
           Biologics Ireland                                             40,157          19,914
           WuXi XDC Co., Ltd.                                            21,506          11,758
           WuXi Biologics (Hebei) Co., Ltd.                              10,939           3,954
           WuXi Biologics (Shanghai FX) Co., Ltd.                       196,624          81,220
           WuXi Biologics (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.                             3,171             824
           WuXi Vaccines Ireland Limited                                  6,916           3,757
           WuXi Biologics Germany GmbH                                   29,592           6,784
           Beijing Biologics                                              4,903           2,453
           Shanghai Vaccines Co., Ltd.                                    2,290             847
           WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                           41,700          11,364
           WuXi Biologics (Hangzhou FTZ) Co., Ltd.                        5,615           3,199
           WuXi XDC (Changzhou) Co., Ltd.                                   968             876
           WuXi Biologics (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.                            6,607             328
           WuXi XDC (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                  2,045             727
           WuXi Biologics (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.                             11,537           1,940
           WuXi Biologics Singapore Private Limited                         473              61
           WuXi Biologics Biopharmaceuticals
             Singapore Private Limited                                       174              —
           WuXi Biologics Biosafety Testing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.             231              —

                                                                      6,026,218       4,890,970

           Notes:

           i.    The amount represents the cost of investment amounting to HK$2,357,188,000
                 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,065,376,000) in Biologics Investments, a
                 wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong.

           ii.   The amounts represent the equity-settled share-based compensation in respect
                 of the respective share options and restricted shares granted by the Company to
                 certain employees of the specified subsidiaries for employees’ services rendered
                 to the respective subsidiaries under the Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
                 and Restricted Share Award Scheme as disclosed in Note 43. Since the subsidiaries
                 have no obligation to reimburse such expense, the amounts are treated as
                 deemed capital contribution by the Company to the subsidiaries and included in
                 the Company’s cost of investments in subsidiaries.

282   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022




48. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

   Save as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the
   Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2022:

   (1)   On January 6, 2023, WuXi XDC granted 18,517,841 share options to 86 employees
         under the subsidiaries share option schemes with a vesting period of 5 years.

   (2)   On January 16, 2023, the board of directors of the Company was informed by
         Biologics Holdings that it has entered into a block trade agreement with a placing
         agent pursuant to which the placing agent has agreed to place 56,000,000
         existing shares of the Company (representing approximately 1.32% of the total
         issued share capital of the Company as at January 16, 2023) held by Biologics
         Holdings to parties independent of and not connected with the Company at a
         price of HK$71.00 each.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   283
      Definitions



      “AGM”                               the annual general meeting of the Company

      “ANVISA”                            the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency

      “Audit Committee”                   the audit committee of the Board

      “Bayer”                             Bayer Aktiengesellschaft

      “Biologics Holdings”                WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited, a company
                                          incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin
                                          Islands on December 17, 2015 with limited liability,
                                          and a substantial shareholder of the Company

      “Board” or “Board of                the board of Directors of the Company
        Directors”

      “Canada HC”                         Health Canada

      “CDMO”                              Contract Development and Manufacturing
                                          Organization

      “CG Code”                           the Corporate Governance Code as set out in
                                          Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

      “cGMP”                              Current Good Manufacturing Practice
                                          regulations, regulations enforced by the Food
                                          and Drug Administration of the United States on
                                          pharmaceutical and biotech firms to ensure that the
                                          products produced meet specific requirements for
                                          identity, strength, quality and purity

      “Chairman”                          the chairman of the Board

      “China” or the “PRC”                the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the
                                          purpose of this announcement, Hong Kong, Macau
                                          Special Administrative Region and Taiwan

      “China NMPA”                        China National Medical Products Administration

      “CMAB”                              CMAB Biopharma Limited

      “CMC”                               Chemical Manufacturing and Control

      “CMO”                               Contract Manufacturing Organization




284   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                              Definitions



“Company”                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (藥明生物技術有限公司*),
                            an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman
                            Islands with limited liability on February 27, 2014

“CRDMO”                     Contract Research, Development and Manufacturing
                            Organization

“Director(s)”               the director(s) of the Company

“DNA”                       a molecule that carries most of the genetic
                            instructions used in the development, functioning
                            and reproduction of all known living organisms and
                            many viruses

“EU”                        a politico-economic union of 27 member states that
                            are located primarily in Europe

“EU EMA”                    European Medicines Agency

“EUR”                       Europe currency

“Global Partner Program     the share award scheme for global partner program
  Share Scheme”             adopted by the Company on June 16, 2021

“GMP”                       Good Manufacturing Practice

“Group” or “we” or “our”    the Company and its subsidiaries
  or “us”

“HPRA”                      Ireland Health Products Regulatory Authority

“H.K. dollar(s)” or “HK$”   Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong
                            Kong

“HKEX”                      Hong Kong Exchange and Clearing Limited

“Hong Kong”                 the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the
                            PRC

“IFRS”                      International Financial Reporting Standards

“IND”                       investigational new drug, an experimental drug for
                            which a pharmaceutical company obtains permission
                            to ship across jurisdictions (usually to clinical
                            investigators) before a marketing application for the
                            drug has been approved




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   285
      Definitions



      “IPO”                               the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the
                                          Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017

      “Italy AIFA”                        Italian Medicines Agency

      “Japan PMDA”                        Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency of
                                          Japan

      “Korea MFDS”                        The Ministry of Food and Drug Safety of the Republic
                                          of Korea

      “Life Science Holdings”             New WuXi Life Science Holdings Limited, a company
                                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                          on July 2, 2015 with limited liability, which holds
                                          100% issued share capital of Life Science Limited

      “Life Science Limited”              New WuXi Life Science Limited, a company
                                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                          on July 2, 2015 with limited liability, which holds
                                          100% issued share capital of WuXi PharmaTech

      “Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
                                          Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, as amended
                                          or supplemented from time to time

      “Main Board”                        Main Board of the Stock Exchange

      “Model Code”                        the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
                                          Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix 10
                                          to the Listing Rules

      “Pfizer China”                      Pfizer Biologics (Hangzhou) Company Limited

      “Pre-IPO Share Option               the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the
        Scheme”                           Company on January 5, 2016, and amended on
                                          August 10, 2016, the principal terms of which are
                                          summarized in “Statutory and General Information —
                                          E. Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV to
                                          the Prospectus

      “Prospectus”                        the prospectus issued by the Company dated May
                                          31, 2017




286   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
                                                              Definitions



“Remuneration               the remuneration committee of the Board
  Committee”

“Renminbi” or “RMB”         Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Reporting Period”          the one-year period from January 1, 2022 to
                            December 31, 2022

“Restricted Share Award     the restricted share award scheme adopted by the
  Scheme”                   Company on January 15, 2018

“Shareholder(s)”            holder(s) of Share(s)

“Share(s)”                  ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with
                            nominal value of US$1/120,000 each

“Singapore HSA”             Health Sciences Authority of Singapore

“Strategy Committee”        the strategy committee of the Board

“Stock Exchange”            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“U.S.”                      United States of America

“U.S. dollar(s)” or “US$”   United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the
  or “USD”                  United States of America

“U.S. FDA”                  The Food and Drug Administration of the United
                            States of America

“WHO”                       World Health Organization

“Written Guidelines”        the Written Guidelines for Securities Transactions by
                            Directors adopted by the Company

"WuXi AppTec"               WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份
                            有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on
                            December 1, 2000 and the shares of which are listed
                            on Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock code: 603259)
                            and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock
                            code: 2359)




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022   287
      Definitions



      “WuXi PharmaTech”                   W u X i P h a r m a T e c h (C a y m a n) I n c., a c o m p a n y
                                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands
                                          on March 16, 2007 with limited liability. Its shares
                                          were listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock
                                          code: WX), and were delisted from the New York
                                          Stock Exchange on December 10, 2015

      “WuXi Vaccines”                     WuXi Vaccines (Cayman) Inc., a company
                                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands,
                                          a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company

      “WuXi XDC”                          WuXi XDC Cayman Inc., a company incorporated
                                          under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited
                                          liability, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
                                          Company

      In this annual report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms “associate”, “connected
      person”, “substantial shareholder” and “subsidiary” shall have the meanings given
      to such terms in the Listing Rules.




288   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. Annual Report 2022
