ANNUAL REPORT
2018
                                              Table of Contents




                                                                                  Page
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                                                 2
CHAIRMAN AND CEO STATEMENT                                                            4
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                                                     6
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                                                    8
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                                      35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                                                    44
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                                          63
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT                                          80
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                       138
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                        143
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                       145
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                        147
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                               149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                     151
DEFINITIONS                                                                        256




                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   1
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

    Executive Directors                                 Dr. Zhisheng Chen
                                                        Ms. Cheng Pik Yuk
    Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
    Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Non-executive Directors                             Mr. Huang Yue
                                                        Ms. Cheng Pik Yuk
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
    Mr. Edward Hu                                       REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Yibing Wu
    Mr. Yanling Cao                                     PO Box 309
                                                        Ugland House
    Independent Non-executive Directors                 Grand Cayman KY1-1104
                                                        Cayman Islands
    Mr. William Robert Keller
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
    Mr. Wo Felix Fong
                                                        CORPORATE HEADQUARTER

                                                        No. 108, Meiliang Road
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     Mashan
                                                        Wuxi
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (Chairman)                China
    Mr. William Robert Keller
    Mr. Edward Hu
                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                              IN HONG KONG

                                                        Level 54, Hopewell Centre
    Mr. William Robert Keller (Chairman)
                                                        183 Queen’s Road East
    Mr. Wo Felix Fong
                                                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Edward Hu

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
                                                        REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
    Mr. William Robert Keller                           Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                           PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
                                                        Cricket Square
                                                        Grand Cayman KY1-1102
    STRATEGY COMMITTEE
                                                        Cayman Islands
    Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chairman)
    Dr. Ge Li
    Mr. Yibing Wu




2   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                   Corporate Information


HONG KONG BRANCH
SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Investor Services Limited
Level 22, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Hong Kong

HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER

Shearman & Sterling
12/F, Gloucester Tower,
The Landmark
15 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong

AUDITOR

Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
35/F One Pacific Place
88 Queensway
Hong Kong

COMPLIANCE ADVISER

Somerley Capital Limited
20/F, China Building
29 Queen’s Road Central
Hong Kong

STOCK CODE

2269

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.wuxibiologics.com.cn




                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   3
    Chairman and CEO Statement


    Dear Shareholders,

    For WuXi Biologics, 2018 was an exciting year. With the mission to accelerate and transform
    biologics discovery, development and manufacturing to benefit patients worldwide, we
    not only maintained our high-speed business growth, but also launched vigorous global
    expansion plans in pursuit of the “Follow-the-Molecule” and “Global Dual Sourcing within
    WuXi Bio” strategies. Key milestones we have achieved in 2018 include:

    •     The Group continued to deliver strong growth in both its revenue, with a year-on-
          year 56.6% increase, in particular a 77.5% increase from the Chinese market, and the
          number of integrated projects reaching 205 compared to 161 in 2017.

    •     The Group launched grand capacity expansion plans across the world to build
          and diversify manufacturing capacity in the U.S., Ireland, China and Singapore.
          “Globalization” and “Localization” will enable our customers to accelerate the R&D
          process, improve efficiency and leverage biologics manufacturing worldwide.

    •     The Group’s cGMP Drug Substance (DS) and Drug Product (DP) manufacturing facilities
          have been approved by the U.S. FDA. Furthermore, in March of 2019, the above-
          mentioned DS and DP facilities, as well as the Group’s cGMP cell banking facilities
          were also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA), which makes the Group
          the first biologics company in China approved by both the U.S. FDA and EMA.

    •     The Group significantly advanced the technology of biologics discovery, development
          and manufacturing through the successful launch of its proprietary WuXiBody TM, WuXia
          and WuXiUP technology platforms, which will introduce more projects into the Group’s
          “Follow-the-Molecule” business model.

    •     With commencement of construction at our Ireland site, the Group has already opened
          a new chapter for international operations. With its effective business strategy of
          “Global Dual Sourcing within WuXi Bio”, more exclusive strategic partnerships can
          be achieved in the future. This enables more global customers to provide needed
          medicines to the healthcare marketplace.

    WuXi Biologics continued to enlarge and diversify its customer base in 2018. In addition
    to serving mid-sized biotech and global pharmaceutical companies, including 13 out of the
    20 largest pharmaceutical companies in the world and 22 of the 50 largest pharmaceutical
    companies in China, we also devoted considerable efforts to market to, serve and enable
    start-ups and small firms as well. Our fully integrated biologics technology platform
    combined with our “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy have been key drivers for our success
    and will thus continue to provide value to our clients and partners and contribute notable
    revenue streams in the future.

    As a top global manufacturing organization, WuXi Biologics has planned and initiated
    various capacity expansion plans in 2018 not only at our existing sites in China, but also in
    the EU, Southeast Asia and the U.S. to satisfy growing biologics demand. Upon completion,
    we will deliver 220,000L of bioreactor manufacturing capacity. Our expansion plan will
    lay a solid foundation for our “Global Dual Sourcing within WuXi Bio” strategy, which
    allows the Group to sustain its favorable position in biologics industry and continue to seize
    emerging opportunities from the biologics outsourcing market.



4   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                    Chairman and CEO Statement


Furthermore, as a leading global open-access biologics technology platform, WuXi Biologics
never stopped pushing the limit for providing advanced capabilities and capacities, cutting-
edge technologies and comprehensive service solutions. Backed by our world-class R&D
scientist team, we have innovated and exploited state-of-the-art proprietary technologies,
including but not limited to:

•   WuXiBody TM , a biospecific platform which can considerably expedite bispecific
    development at a much lower cost;

•   WuXia, a cell line development platform that enables our Group to launch more than
    60 IND-enabling projects per year, one of the largest capacities in the world; and

•   WuXiUP, our cell culture process platform that utilizes 2,000L disposable bioreactors
    to achieve comparable productivity as a traditional 20,000L stainless steel bioreactor
    while still providing similar purification yield.

We would like to give our heartfelt thanks to our customers and shareholders. Your trust
in our Company keeps us striving for excellence and endeavoring for the vision “every
drug can be made and every disease can be treated”. We must also thank our dedicated
employees, 4,141 in total as of December 31, 2018, who are the basis of everything we
achieve.

There were remarkable opportunities for global healthcare industry in 2018. It’s a year
when U.S. FDA set an all-time record of new drug approvals. It’s also a year when China
introduced widely acclaimed reforms in the pharmaceutical industry to promote its
productivity and innovation. In addition, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange further amended
its rules to welcome qualified pre-revenue biotech companies. Such favorable macro
environment factors are also drivers to our strong growth in the coming years.

Looking forward to 2019, we will keep adhering to our “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy
and pushing the frontiers of what is possible. We are committed to fulfill our business and
financial objectives as approved by the Board for 2019 by practicing the core values of
“Integrity & Dedication, Working Together & Sharing Success; Do the Right Thing and Do it
Right”, so as to become the most comprehensive technology platform in the global biologics
industry and create greater value for our shareholders and provide better services to our
global customers, partners and patients.




Dr. Ge Li                                    Dr. Zhisheng Chen
Chairman                                     CEO

March 18, 2019                               March 18, 2019




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   5
    Financial Summary


                                                        For the year ended December 31,
                                          2014             2015         2016           2017          2018
                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

    Operating results
    Revenue                             331,850          557,042      989,029 1,618,829    2,534,453
    Gross profit                        123,254          180,721      389,110   660,557    1,017,755
    Profit before tax                    49,012           65,402      175,846   303,687      737,722
    Net profit                           41,978           44,509      141,096   252,628      630,465
    Adjusted net profit (1)              49,744           71,370      220,527   432,872(2)   751,557

    Profitability
    Gross margin (%)                      37.1%            32.4%        39.3%         40.8%          40.2%
    Net profit margin (%)                 12.6%             8.0%        14.3%         15.6%          24.9%
    Adjusted net profit margin (%)        14.1%            12.8%        22.3%         26.7%          29.7%

                                                              As at December 31,
                                          2014             2015         2016          2017           2018
                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

    Financial position
    Total assets                        636,670         1,356,716   1,984,996 4,848,962          9,393,150
    Total equity                        371,830           146,001     270,467 4,024,360          7,994,228
    Total liabilities                   264,840         1,210,715   1,714,529   824,602          1,398,922
    Bank balances and cash                5,948           158,229     169,102   503,881          4,084,395

    (1)   Calculation of adjusted net profit is modified and calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period,
          excluding share-based compensations, foreign exchange gains or losses and Listing expenses to
          better reflect the Company’s current business and operations.

    (2)   The adjusted net profit for the year ended December 31, 2017 disclosed herein is recalculated
          based on the revised calculation stated in (1). The same financial figure disclosed in the 2017
          annual report of the Company was RMB408.1 million, calculated by excluding share-based
          compensation expenses, Listing expenses and a foreign exchange loss due to translation loss from
          the IPO proceeds.




6   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                          Financial Summary


Non-IFRS Measures

To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements which are presented in
accordance with the IFRS, the Company has provided adjusted net profit, adjusted net
profit margin, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and adjusted basic and diluted
earnings per share (excluding the share-based compensation expenses, Listing expenses
and foreign exchange gains or losses) as additional financial measures, which are not
required by, or presented in accordance with, the IFRS. The Company believes that the
adjusted financial measures are useful for understanding and assessing underlying business
performance and operating trends, and that the Company’s management and investors may
benefit from referring to these adjusted financial measures in assessing the Group’s financial
performance by eliminating the impact of certain unusual and non-recurring items that the
Group does not consider indicative of the performance of the Group’s business. However,
the presentation of these non-IFRS financial measures is not intended to be considered
in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in
accordance with the IFRS. You should not view the adjusted results on a stand-alone basis or
as a substitute for results under the IFRS.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    Business Review

    The Group continues to implement its “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy and capture attractive
    market growth opportunities and gain market share globally. The Group delivered strong
    growth in the total number of integrated projects during the Reporting Period. As at
    December 31, 2018, the Group had a total of 205 integrated projects, compared to the
    total of 161 projects as at December 31, 2017. In particular, 10 projects were transferred
    to the Group, which showcased the Group’s end-to-end solution platform to empower its
    global partners to discover, develop and manufacture biologics from concept to commercial
    manufacturing.


    •     The total number of pre-clinical projects increased from 90 as at same period last year
          to 97 as at December 31, 2018.


    •     The total number of early-phase (phase I and II) projects increased by 51.6% from 62 as
          at same period last year to 94 as at December 31, 2018 (68 in phase I and 26 in phase
          II, respectively).


    •     The number of late-phase (phase III) projects increased by 62.5% from 8 as at same
          period last year to 13 as at December 31, 2018.


    •     The Group also achieved great success in progressing projects from pre-IND stage to
          post-IND stage: 33 projects progressed from pre-clinical development stage to early-
          phase stage during the Reporting Period.

    The first commercial manufacturing project commenced production in the Group’s Wuxi
    site, which was the first cGMP biologics facility in China approved by the U.S. FDA.
    The U.S. FDA’s approval fully validated the Group’s premier quality system as well as its
    advanced single-use disposable technology for commercial manufacturing. As more projects
    were initiated across different stages and its first commercial manufacturing project has been
    kicked off, the Group has built a stronger platform for integrated services and continued to
    increase its share in the global market.




8   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                        Management Discussion and Analysis


The following table sets forth the status of the on-going integrated projects of the Group as at
December 31, 2018:

                                                   Number of
                                                     on-going
                                                   integrated           Typical                Typical
Biologics development process stage                 projects(1)        duration              Revenue(2)

Pre-IND
— Drug discovery                                            —            2 years        US$1.5–2.5 mm
— Pre-clinical development                                  97           2 years           US$4–6 mm

Post-IND
— Early-phase (phases I & II) clinical
     development:                                           94           3 years           US$4–6 mm
     — Phase I clinical development                        (68)
     — Phase II clinical development                       (26)
— Late-phase (phase III) clinical
     development                                            13        3–5 years          US$20–50 mm
— Commercial manufacturing                                   1        Annually          US$50–100 mm(3)

Total                                                      205


Notes:

(1)   Integrated projects are projects that required the Group to provide services across different
      divisions/departments within the Group and across various stages of the biologics development
      process.

(2)   Milestone fee can be paid at different research and development (“R&D”) stages, while royalty fee
      will be charged for 5–10 years or until expiration of the patent once the new drug launches in the
      market.

(3)   Estimated value when biologic drug reaches its peak sales. A biologic drug typically reaches its
      peak sales after a ramp-up period.


The Group’s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2018 increased by 56.6%
year-on-year to RMB2,534.5 million. The Group delivered strong growth in its total backlog,
which comprised both service backlog and upcoming potential milestone fees. The service
backlog surged by 243.1% from approximately US$476.0 million as at December 31, 2017
to approximately US$1,633.0 million as at December 31, 2018; the upcoming potential
milestone fees doubled from approximately US$1,002.0 million as at December 31, 2017 to
approximately US$2,006.0 million as at December 31, 2018. The service backlog represents
the amount which the Group has contracted but yet to perform. The total upcoming potential
milestone fees represent the total amount for upcoming milestone fees, which the Group
has contracted but has not yet performed nor received and will take a longer term to charge
at various development stages, depending on the success rate and progress of the projects
which may not be within the Group’s control.




                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.     Annual Report 2018   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     The Group continued to invest in new technologies and platforms which will not only
     generate further milestone and royalty payments but also bring more biologics projects
     into the pipeline under the “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy. The Group launched a new
     proprietary bispecific antibody platform WuXiBody™, which will expedite bispecific
     development and reduce manufacturing costs. During the Reporting Period, the Group has
     successfully entered into multiple global and domestic strategic collaborations and licensed
     WuXiBody™ platform to its partners, such as a contract worth up to US$450 million with
     Oxford BioTherapeutics. Another state-of-the-art cell line development platform WuXia will
     enable the Group to launch more than 60 IND-enabling projects per year, one of the largest
     capacities in the world. The WuXia platform has been widely accepted by the industry. More
     than 20 clinical projects enabled by WuXia are under development in the U.S., the EU and
     China and 60 additional WuXia-enabled projects are to be developed. WuXiUP platform,
     which couples continuous cell culture operations with continuous column chromatography,
     is the Group’s another technology innovation. This technology platform can use 2,000L
     disposable bioreactors to achieve comparable productivity of traditional 20,000L stainless
     steel bioreactors yet still provide similar purification yields. WuXiUP solidified the Group’s
     global leader role in the continuous biomanufacturing field. With the successful launches
     and powerful support of the proprietary bispecific antibody platform, WuXiBody™, the
     cell line development platform, WuXia, and the continuous cell culture process platform,
     WuXiUP, the Group has significantly advanced the technology of biologics development and
     achieved outstanding progress to enhance the discovery, development and manufacturing of
     biologics.




     During the Reporting Period, the Group invested significantly in capabilities and capacity
     globally. From April 2018 onwards, the Group started its global strategic layout with a total
     planned capacity of biopharmaceutical production reaching more than 220,000 liters. Under
     the principle of “Striving for Excellence and Executing for Results”, the Group has achieved
     important milestones at remarkable speed by successfully commencing construction of
     several R&D and manufacturing facilities in both Ireland and China (including Wuxi,
     Shanghai and Shijiazhuang).




10   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


The Group introduced a new manufacturing paradigm “Global Dual Sourcing within WuXi
Bio” to address its partners’ needs in ensuring supply while minimizing technology transfer
to two different suppliers. With this strategy, the Group’s partners can select two facilities
from the Group’s global supply network in China, EU and US to ensure their global supply
and eliminate the risks of inter-company technology transfer. The Group has successfully
signed exclusive commercial manufacturing contracts using this approach.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s extensive experience and one-stop service
platform continued to drive industry-leading R&D efficiency to enable the customers and
partners. The Company reduced the IND-enabling timeline to between 15 and 18 months
for monoclonal antibodies, while one program was shortened to a record of 7 months. The
Company established more exclusive or strategic partnerships with global customers from
biologics discovery, development, clinical manufacturing to commercial manufacturing for
rare disease, first-in-class and other novel biologics. By leveraging cutting-edge technology,
best timelines, excellent track record and unparalleled capacity, the Company kept
improving the core competencies to become the most comprehensive technology platform in
the global biologics industry to benefit patients globally.

With its continuous investment in talent and technology development in biologics discovery,
development and manufacturing, the Group has established itself as a reliable global
partner to leading global pharmaceutical companies as well as virtual, start-up companies
and small-to-medium sized biotechnology companies. For the year ended December 31,
2018, the Group had worked with 13 out of the 20 largest pharmaceutical companies in the
world and 22 of the 50 largest pharmaceutical companies in China. The Group provided
services to 220 customers in the year of 2018, compared with 202 customers in 2017. The
average revenue per customer among the top ten customers grew 35.0% from approximately
RMB88.4 million for 2017 to approximately RMB119.3 million for 2018, and the average
revenue per project increased 22.8% from approximately RMB10.1 million for 2017 to
approximately RMB12.4 million for 2018, which further validated the Group’s “Follow-the-
Molecule” strategy. The Group believes that continuous cooperation with and commitment
to its existing customers will enhance its value chain and capture the opportunities in this
growing market in the future.

In January 2018, five internationally recognized scientists, entrepreneurs and visionary
thinkers were appointed as members of the Group’s newly formed Scientific Advisory Board
(“SAB”). The SAB supports the Group’s mission of becoming a technology leader and a
trusted partner for biopharmaceutical companies worldwide to advance the science and
technology of biologics development and thereby ultimately benefiting patients worldwide.
In September 2018, the Group introduced Harvard Professor David R. Liu to the SAB.

In March 2018, the Group’s partner TaiMed Biologics, a public company listed on Taipei
Exchange in Taiwan (Stock code: 4147), received the U.S. FDA’s approval for Ibalizumab
(Trogarzo™) and with that the Group became one of the world’s top 10 biologics
development and manufacturing service providers and the only Chinese biopharmaceutical
manufacturing company which has obtained U.S. FDA cGMP manufacturing approval,
thus reinforcing the Group’s strong commitment to quality. During the Reporting Period,
the Group completed several cGMP batches of Trogarzo™ drug substance (“DS”) and drug
product (“DP”). It is the Group’s first commercial manufacturing project.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   11
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     In July 2018, the Company entered into a joint venture agreement with Shanghai Hile Bio-
     pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海海利生物技術股份有限公司), a company incorporated in the
     PRC with limited liability and listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock code: 603718),
     in relation to the formation of a joint venture (“WuXi Vaccines”) with total registered
     capital of RMB500 million. WuXi Vaccines primarily engages in human vaccines (e.g.
     cancer vaccine) CDMO (Contract Development and Manufacturing Organisation) business
     and the provision of end-to-end integrated service and solution platform covering the
     discovery, development and manufacturing of human vaccines from concept to commercial
     manufacturing. WuXi Vaccines will focus on the emerging fields of cancer vaccines and
     patient-specific vaccines to seize the growth opportunities of this CDMO business. Under
     an exclusive strategic partnership agreement the Group entered into in December 2018 with
     AC Immune SA, a Swiss-based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company listed on NASDAQ
     (Stock code: ACIU), WuXi Vaccines will explore the application of AC Immune’s vaccine
     portfolio in China.

     Our Facilities

     During the Reporting Period, we had three operation sites in Wuxi, Shanghai and Suzhou,
     respectively, all conveniently located within driving distance from each other.

     Wuxi Site

     The Wuxi site houses part of the clinical and commercial manufacturing facilities, and also
     provides services such as assay, formulation and process development, process validation,
     lot release testing, stability studies, drug product formulation, fill and finish, and regulatory
     support services for recombinant protein, monoclonal antibodies (“mAbs”) and antibody
     drug conjugates (“ADC”).

     The Group’s Manufacturing 1 (“MFG1”), the first commercial manufacturing facility at the
     Wuxi site, passed the U.S. FDA pre-license inspection (“PLI”) for production of Ibalizumab
     (Trogarzo™) in August of 2017 and commenced to manufacture commercial products for
     customer since the medicine’s approval by the U.S. FDA in 2018. MFG1 maintained cGMP
     run for customer orders and kept high capacity utilization rate during the Reporting Period.

     The Group’s Manufacturing 2 (“MFG2”) began its cGMP biologics manufacturing in
     December 2017 and it is the largest biologics manufacturing facility globally leveraging
     single-use bioreactor technology as of 2018. MFG2 is a disposable bioreactor-based
     biologics commercial manufacturing facility with fourteen 2,000L-capacity and two
     1,000L-capacity disposable bioreactors. The combination of multiple single-use bioreactors
     offers a highly flexible manufacturing strategy and competitive cost of goods sold (COGS)
     compared with traditional stainless steel bioreactor facilities. Currently it is mainly used for
     late-phase projects manufacturing. In July 2018, the Group conducted a process validation
     campaign at 6,000L scale to support global product registration and launch for a key partner
     in the fed-batch facility of MFG2.




12   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


In May 2018, the Group commenced the construction of the WuXi Biologics Life Science
and Technology Park and held the ground breaking ceremony in Wuxi. By the end of 2018,
the park has achieved significant progress in construction as planned and will combine the
R&D and manufacturing areas with a training center and a biologics equipment localization
center to establish the Group’s global headquarter that integrates R&D, manufacturing,
training, global collaboration and business support.

The Group has also commenced the construction of a state-of-the-art integrated biologics
conjugate solution center facility in the New District of Wuxi city. This 6,000 square meter
facility will provide integrated solutions from concept to commercialization for biologics
conjugates, including ADCs and other protein conjugates.

The Group’s Manufacturing 4 (“MFG4”), equipped with two 2,000L-capacity, two
1,000L-capacity and one 4,000L-capacity bioreactors, has made encouraging process in
construction during the Reporting Period and expects to commence production in 2019.

Shanghai Site

The Group’s Shanghai site houses the drug discovery and pre-clinical development facilities
and part of the Group’s cGMP clinical manufacturing facilities. Services provided include
novel mAb discovery, bispecific antibody engineering, ADC discovery and development,
cell line engineering and development, assay, formulation and process development, assay
and process validation, product analytical characterization, and cGMP cell banking.

WuXia is the proprietary cell line development platform of the Company. It is one of the
world’s highly utilized cell line development platforms and has provided more than 220
cell lines for pre-clinical development and beyond. With the proprietary expression vector
system, top 3 clones with high titer can be obtained and utilized for process development
and cGMP manufacturing. Combined with cGMP cell banking and cell line characterization
services, it is ideal for the production of a variety of therapeutic proteins including
monoclonal antibodies, bispecific antibodies, fusion proteins, ADCs and recombinant
proteins.

WuXiUP, a proprietary biologics cell culture process platform with ultra-high productivity,
is the Group’s next generation biologic manufacturing solution that the Group developed
to accelerate biologics development and manufacturing as well as to improve affordability
of biologics by reducing manufacturing costs. The platform enables almost any biologics,
including mAbs, fusion proteins and recombinant proteins, to be manufactured at ultra-high
productivity. The intensified and continuous cell culture process can be rapidly developed
or converted from traditional fed-batch process with excellent scalability. It is also coupled
with continuous column chromatography, which enables continuous product capture with a
similar purification yield to traditional purification process.

Manufacturing 3 (“MFG3”), the new facility for clinical trial production at the Shanghai site
with a total bioreactor capacity of 7,000L, successfully completed its first cGMP clinical
trial run in July 2018. The facility includes both traditional fed-batch operations and new
continuous perfusion suites coupled with continuous purification. It is one of the largest
biologics clinical manufacturing facilities globally with six production lines enabling the
Group to complete 60 IND-enabling projects per year, which showcases the Group’s
unparalleled capacities to enable its partners to reach their clinical manufacturing goals
within the shortest time possible.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     In addition, the Group has commenced construction of a global innovation center in
     the Fengxian district of Shanghai. The new state-of-the-art biologics center will integrate
     biologics discovery, development, clinical and commercial manufacturing to meet global
     cGMP standards while implementing modular and flexible design. With its 1.6 million
     square feet area, this center will be one of the largest facilities of its kind.




     Suzhou Site

     The Suzhou site houses the biosafety testing facilities, providing services such as viral
     clearance and cell line characterization studies. The Company has built state-of-the-
     art biosafety testing facilities at the Suzhou site that can support all biosafety testing
     requirements for biologics manufacturing.

     During the Reporting Period, the Suzhou site has greatly enhanced its internal operations
     management and significantly shortened the delivery time of all biosafety testing projects, as
     well as virus clearance study projects. The site has increased its capabilities and capacity,
     including the acquirement of its own Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM) technical
     expertise that meets current regulatory requirements. The viral clearance validation team
     undertook and completed several viral clearance validation projects for Biologics License
     Applications (BLAs). The newly expanded cell-bank-characterization laboratory is fully
     operational. The quality system and testing capability stepped up further by obtaining
     certifications from both China Metrology Accreditation (“CMA”) and China National
     Accreditation Service for Conformity Assessment (“CNAS”). Based on the abovementioned
     achievements, once again the Group demonstrated a higher level of quality commitment to
     its global biopharmaceutical customers.




14   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Research and Development (“R&D”)

During the Reporting Period, the Group continuously focused on (i) enhancing innovative
capabilities and optimizing several existing technological platforms to expedite the discovery
of biologics including fully human antibodies, bispecifics, nanobodies and antibody
fragments; (ii) supporting the cooperation with the Group’s global partners in using the
proprietary bispecific antibody platform WuXiBody™, so as to enable them to considerably
accelerate the development process of new bispecific biologics; and (iii) refining system and
team building for more efficient business operation and optimized cost control to ensure the
provision of quality and efficient technical solutions to customers. Through R&D activities,
the Group developed various proprietary technologies, which enable it to receive milestone
and royalty fees from customers utilizing such technologies.

For the year ended December 31, 2018, the R&D expenditure was RMB169.3 million,
which accounted for 6.7% of the revenue. The R&D team of the Company has around 230
scientists and many of whom have multiple years of biologics discovery experiences at
multinational pharmaceutical companies.

With its stable and outstanding test database, WuXiBody™, as the Company’s proprietary
bispecific antibody technology platform, has been widely recognized in the industry. During
the Reporting Period, the Company has signed license collaboration agreements with
domestic and global companies. Relevant businesses based on WuXiBody™ have delivered
strong growth for the results of the Company.

The Group fosters an environment of continuous improvement which in turn helps enhance
the internal R&D efficiency and strengthen close cooperation with downstream divisions/
departments. Each technology platform keeps upgrading and innovating to optimize the
entire spectrum of services offered to our partners, while the R&D team strives to provide the
best new biologics R&D solutions, ensuring faster and better customer satisfaction with the
ultimate goal of providing high quality biologics for the long-awaited needs of the patients.

Sales and Marketing

The Group takes a multichannel approach in achieving its marketing goals. The objectives
of the marketing plan are to build awareness of the Company’s brand and its open-access
technology platforms and to communicate to the market the key technical, operational and
business strategies of the Group. Marketing efforts strive to influence existing and potential
clients to develop positive two-way communication with the Group in addition to furthering
its overall business growth objectives.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     The multichannel marketing approach involves both academic and sales presence at
     various global industry trade conferences. For the year of 2018, the Group invited C-level
     and other senior management in the industry to meet in January during the week of the
     JP Morgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco and then again six months later at the
     annual “BIO” conference in Boston. Both of these conferences brought together over 16,000
     executives and other key industry leaders from biopharma/pharma companies worldwide
     and allowed the Group’s business development and senior management staff to discuss
     with key and potential clients how the Group can help them in their critical biologics
     development efforts. The Group also attended events held in more regional venues like
     BioEurope, BioKorea and CPhI Japan to further discuss with senior level executives on the
     advantages and competitiveness of the Group’s single-source drug development platform.
     The Group also attended or presented its various platform technologies at technology-
     centric conferences dedicated to biologics development and manufacturing, including the
     Bioprocess International East Conference, Biologics Manufacturing Asia and PEGS (Protein
     Engineering Summit). In particular, during a presentation made by one of the Group’s vice
     presidents of CMC management at the “Speed to IND” conference, the Group demonstrated
     to the audience how it was able to achieve an industry record 7-month DNA to IND timeline
     for Tychan’s mAb therapeutic to treat Yellow Fever virus infection.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group once again established itself as a premier supplier
     and partner in the biopharmaceutical industry by utilizing a global multichannel marketing
     approach to highlight its differentiated competitive strengths.

     Quality Assurance (“QA”)

     The Quality Department, including quality assurance, quality control, regulatory affairs and
     training center functions, is committed to the highest standard of regulatory compliance
     while providing high quality services and products that meet customer’s needs.

     The Quality Department is responsible for implementing our global quality system
     and supervising the quality operations to ensure GMP compliance within the Group’s
     manufacturing environment. The Company’s manufacturing facility at the Wuxi site, which
     is listed in the Trogarzo™ Biologics License Application, was inspected in 2017 and
     subsequently approved by the U.S. FDA in March 2018, is the first biologics manufacturing
     facility in China approved by the U.S. FDA. This fully evidenced that DS and DP operations
     of the Group are in compliance with the applicable regulations and the Quality Department
     has established a global quality system in line with the international standard.

     In addition, with solid support and comprehensive oversight of the Quality Department,
     the biosafety testing facility at the Suzhou site has successfully obtained CMA and CNAS
     accreditation.

     In January 2018, Dr. Chiang Syin joined the Group as Chief Quality Officer and is
     responsible for the global quality management system, quality assurance, quality control and
     regulatory affairs. Dr. Syin has almost 30 years of experiences in the U.S. FDA regulatory
     review and cGMP inspection in biological products. In April 2018, another former U.S.
     FDA officer, Dr. Gang Wang joined the Group as Vice President of Quality reporting to Dr.
     Syin. Dr. Wang has worked for the U.S. FDA and National Medical Products Administration
     (“NMPA”) (formerly known as China Food and Drug Administration (“CFDA”)) for 13 years
     and is a peer-review expert on cGMP and manufacturing of biologics, with additional
     expertise in cellular and gene therapy products.

16   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Capacity Expansion Plan

Due to the Group’s increasing number of late-phase projects, long-term globalization
strategy and other potential customer demands, the Company realized the need for further
expansion. Thus, the Company made significant global investments to expand capacities by
building across the world with a total planned capacity of biopharmaceutical production of
more than 220,000 liters.

Facility       Designed Capacity              Location                 Comments

MFG4           10,000L fed-batch/CFB          Wuxi                     Clinical/Commercial
MFG5           60,000L fed-batch              Wuxi                     Commercial
MFG6           6,000L perfusion               Ireland                  Commercial
MFG7           48,000L fed-batch              Ireland                  Commercial
MFG8           48,000L fed-batch              Shijiazhuang             Commercial
MFG9           6,000L fed-batch/CFB           Wuxi                     Clinical/Commercial
MFG10          4,500L fed-batch/perfusion     Singapore                Clinical/Commercial
MFG11          4,500L fed-batch/perfusion     Worcester, US            Clinical/Commercial

By the end of 2018, the Group had commenced the construction of several R&D and
manufacturing facilities in Ireland and China. The Ireland facilities, supported by the Irish
Government, is the Company’s first overseas site and it is designed to run both traditional
fed-batch and perfusion continuous manufacturing processes. The Company’s continuous
manufacturing process is a next generation manufacturing technology. Once completed, the
Ireland site will become one of the world’s largest facilities using single-use bioreactors.
Meanwhile, the Group’s MFG8 at Shijiazhuang site with 48,000L bioreactor capacity has
commenced its construction, which is designed to meet cGMP standards of the U.S., the EU
and China.




These new sites will enable the Group to continue to implement the “Follow-the-
Molecule” and “Globalization” strategies and maintain the fast-track growth compared
to its competitive peers. Accordingly, the Group will be able to establish comprehensive
capabilities and capacity to realize the full biologics development and manufacturing service
chain. The capacity expansion plan will be reviewed regularly to align with future customer
needs and market conditions.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Group Awards

     In 2018, the Group has received and won many recognitions and awards for its efforts made
     and outstanding performance achieved in the provision of high-quality and best-in-class
     service to accelerate and transform biologics development and manufacturing. Among all,
     the following are some of the achievements:

     •     Forbes Asia’s Best Under A Billion 2018 《
                                                   ( 福布斯》雜誌「亞洲最佳中小上市企業」);

     •   Best Bioprocessing Excellence and Bioprocessing Innovations in Continuous
         Processing Implementation in China (IMAPAC「中 國 最 佳 生 物 工 藝 卓 越 獎」及
         「中國生物製藥連續生產工藝創新成就獎」) by a leading consulting firm IMAPAC, and
         the Company has received Best Bioprocessing Excellence in China Award for two years
         in a row;

     •   Asia’s CMO of 2017 from the Biopharma Industry Awards (年度生物製藥行業頒獎大會
         「亞洲年度最佳CMO獎」);

     •     CMO Leadership Award for Reliability from Life Science Leader Magazine (Life Science
           Leader Magazine「CMO領軍企業獎」);

     •     Best Company in an Emerging Market from the SCRIP Awards (SCRIP「新興市場最佳公
           司獎」);

     •     Golden Hong Kong Stock and Most Valuable Pharmaceutical Stock from 2018 Golden
           Hong Kong Stock Awards (智通財經和同花順「金港股大獎」及「最具價值醫藥股獎」); the
           Company is the only pharmaceutical company that won the Golden Hong Kong Stock
           Award;

     •     Golden Wing Award — Most Growth Hong Kong Stock Connect Company by China
           mainstream security media (全國性主流財經媒體《證券時報》       「金翼獎 — 最具成長港股
           通公司」    ); and

     •     Golden Lion Award — Best Investor Relationship Management Listed Company from
           China Listed Company International Development Forum (新浪財經「金獅獎 — 最佳投
           資者關係管理上市公司」).




18   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Investor Relations

The Company strives to maintain high standards of corporate governance so as to ensure its
sustainable long-term development strategy. The Company uses a range of communication
tools to ensure its shareholders and investors are kept well informed of key business
developments. These include but not limited to, announcements, press releases, general
meetings, interim and annual reports and circulars.

To promote effective communication, the Company has also participated in a number of
investment forums and roadshows to communicate with its investors and shareholders
domestically and globally, including Annual J.P. Morgan Healthcare Conference in San
Francisco, J.P. Morgan “Best of Asia” Conference in London, Morgan Stanley Annual China
Summit in Beijing, Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference in Los Angeles,
Deutsche Bank China Healthcare Industry Forum in Shanghai, Morgan Stanley’s Annual Asia
Pacific Summit in Singapore, Bank of America Merrill Lynch China Conference in Beijing
etc. Moreover, the Company has also arranged factory site visits, teleconferences and one-
on-one meetings with institutional investors at both Shanghai and Wuxi sites to deepen
domestic and global investors’ understanding towards the Company’s business and its latest
business developments.

Apart from participating in meetings and roadshows, the Company’s investors and
shareholders are also provided with contact details of the Company which are available on
the Company’s website, enabling them to make any inquiry so as to further facilitate a high
degree of transparency.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has received several awards, which affirmed
the Company’s professional and efficient investor relations management. Please refer to the
section headed “Group Awards”.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   19
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Apart from being selected into Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang Seng Healthcare Index
     and Hang Seng Global Composite Index in 2017, the Company was also selected into
     Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index, Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong MidCap
     & SmallCap Index, Hang Seng SCHK HK Companies Index, Hang Seng SCHK ex-AH
     Companies Index and Hang Seng HK 35 in 2018.

     Future and Outlook

     The global biologics market keeps growing at a steady pace. It also promises remunerative
     growth in next decade due to the presence of numerous biologics in pipeline. The growth
     is attributed to incessant expansion in product portfolio coupled with an increasing demand
     for biologics across the globe. According to World Health Organization, by 2020 chronic
     diseases would account for 75% of deaths globally. Biologics treating cancer, autoimmune
     diseases, and diabetes contribute more than 60% to the overall biologics market. In 2018,
     approximately 17 new molecular entities approved by FDA were biologics. The growing
     success rate of biologics drugs and their demand will drive the biologics market in the
     future. More pharma and biotech companies are seeking to be developing more innovative
     biotherapeutics through the development pipeline as efficiently as possible, and outsourcing
     gives sponsors ready access to increased capacity and specialized expertise as they contend
     with growing demand and competition in the large molecule space.

     The opportunity in biopharmaceuticals is tremendous and still growing at a speed that no
     one can afford to ignore. It’s by far the fastest-growing sector of the pharmaceutical industry.
     Investing in biotech R&D has yielded better returns than the pharma-industry in average.
     The success of the clinical pipeline will lead to an unprecedented number of new molecule
     launches. Furthermore, the emerging long-term picture is even more exciting as ground-
     breaking innovations such as immunotherapies, antibody drug conjugates, and gene and cell
     therapies are all making progress toward commercial launches in the future. However, given
     the inherent structural complexities of biological drugs, combined with the highly regulated
     nature of large molecule manufacturing processes and stringent quality standards, many
     pharma and biotech companies are seeking outsourcing solutions to minimize the R&D
     and manufacturing risks and simplify the supply chain. As biotech companies move from
     the scientific frontier to the business main-stream, the industry will increasingly be forced
     to confront the same challenges faced by other businesses: maintaining competitiveness by
     ensuring affordability, quality, and delivery performance.

     Biopharmaceutical outsourcing has increased remarkably in recent years with a greater
     volume of work previously kept in-house being handed over to third party contractors.
     Growth of the full-service CDMO market has enabled a paradigm shift from early
     biotechnology companies that wanted to become “fully integrated pharmaceutical
     companies” to today’s nimble, lean, and sometimes virtual companies. To respond to
     shifting biotechnology industry paradigms and current biopharmaceutical industry trends,
     CDMOs now offer a number of specialized, value-added services for customers and become
     indispensable partners to the biotechnology industry. Such integrated, specialized services
     enable greater flexibility and manageable cash flow than would be possible if a company
     utilized substantial internal infrastructure. The drive towards a CDMO business model
     could lead to innovative solutions that address cost containment while helping to bring
     better products to market more efficiently. Increased biologics R&D spending, cutting-
     edge technology, innovative manufacturing process technology and increasing demands by
     patients make biologics outsourcing market more attractive.



20   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                      Management Discussion and Analysis


China has become the world’s second largest pharmaceutical market, but is a relatively
small player in biologics development and manufacturing. The Company believes that it will
become to be best-in-class in this sector in a foreseeable future. And moving to that future
is an inevitability and a natural progression. China has a nascent but actively transforming
biologics landscape. The transformation is co-led by government policy, an emerging
China biopharma and the big pharma. There are biologics developers and manufacturers
domestically and soon-to-be internationally focused, meaning China anticipates ascending
to an outsized and global role over the coming decade.

Meanwhile, the pharmaceutical market of China has been undergoing rapid development.
Policies and investments have provided more favorable environment for innovative drugs.
The huge market and growth potential have attracted deeper and broader participation of
foreign investors in the China healthcare market through different means. To encourage
medical innovation, the government has proposed supportive policies, opening a “green
channel” for accelerated approval of innovative drugs and streamlined the approval process.
Recently, relevant authorities have also introduced policies for accelerating drug innovation
and improving quality. The Chinese government intended to create a suitable environment
for the development of innovative drugs, nourish the domestic biopharmaceutical industry
and promote industry transformation so as to compete in the global market. Benefiting
from the favorable policies and support from the Chinese government, returnees of Chinese
scientists from overseas and the huge potential patient group, the venture capital and private
equity financing in the biopharmaceutical industry of China is surging, with biologic drugs
being the most prospective investment opportunity in the medical industry. Moreover, the
recent amendments to the Listing Rules has attracted biotechnology companies to list in
Hong Kong, providing more diversified financing opportunities for Chinese biotechnology
companies.

In 2018, the Chinese pharmaceutical industry has entered into a new era, marking the
golden age of the biopharmaceutical industry and the harvest of innovative drugs. The
pharmaceutical industry of China has begun to adopt an “Innovation-Driven” strategy.
Following the standardization of the domestic pharmaceutical market, clinical value has
gradually become the core of drug evaluation. Biologic drugs with definite efficacy will
become the market’s favorite. Against the backdrop of consumption upgrade and the rising
affordability, there is a stronger demand in the biologic drug market. At the same time, the
establishment of the National Healthcare Security Administration (中華人民共和國國家醫療
保障局) and the healthcare insurance payment system will prompt a change in drug usage
in the medical industry of China. Biologic drugs under development need to consider the
quality, efficacy and cost of drug in an earlier stage, so as to maintain market differentiation
under the new healthcare insurance payment system and capture more opportunities.

In view of the immense market opportunities, the Group has seen a boom in the R&D
of biologic drugs in China. Various small and medium-sized biotech companies and big
pharma have participated in the R&D of biologic drugs. The number and size of biologics
being outsourced in China is expanding. As the shift in regulatory policy allowing contract
manufacturing (MAH system reforms), China is demonstrating clear interest in participating
investments in the global markets for both innovative biologics and biosimilars produced
at GMP quality levels. These factors are creating a strong market environment for biologics
outsourcing services and contributing to an increasingly robust China bio-ecosystem.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Due to the accelerated market approval process, small and medium size biotech companies
     account for a significant percentage of innovation while the total industry is also heating up,
     thus allowing the Group to continue its strong growth in the coming years. As a solutions
     provider, the Group can support customers from concept to market. The investment in state-
     of-the-art laboratories and facilities, innovation technology platforms and world-class talent
     pool have made the Group a leading global open-access integrated biologics technology
     platform. The Group now offers end-to-end solutions to empower organizations to discover,
     develop and manufacture biologics from concept to commercial manufacturing. At the same
     time, the Group will continue to invest significantly in new technologies and new platforms
     which will drive further milestone and royalty payments and introduce more biologics
     projects into the “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy. By expanding its capabilities and capacity
     continuously, the Group has become an indispensable partner to its customers and led to
     innovative solutions that address cost containment while introducing better products to the
     market.

     2019 and beyond, the Group is embracing a bright future during which each of its members
     must be committed to their roles and responsibilities, while continuously raising the quality
     of operations and the services provided. All personnel will strive to fully prepare for the
     inspections of all regulatory agencies while better serving global clients and partners with
     high quality biological products. By practicing the core values of “Integrity & Dedication,
     Working Together & Sharing Success; Do the Right Thing and Do it Right” to improve the
     Group’s core competencies, the Group is able to build the most comprehensive capability
     and technology platform in the global biologics industry and enable global clients and
     partners so as to benefit more patients world-wide.

     Financial Review

     Revenue

     The revenue of the Group increased by 56.6% from approximately RMB1,618.8 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB2,534.5 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2018. The growth of sales was mainly attributed to (i) leading technology
     platform, competitive timeline and strong execution track record contributing to more
     market share; (ii) strong growth in revenue, as a result of more projects entering into late-
     phase by the success of the Group’s “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy; and (iii) production
     expansion of new fed-batch facilities of MFG2 (which commenced from the fourth quarter
     of 2017) and MFG3 (which commenced from the second half year of 2018), enabling higher
     revenue from more projects in late-phase (phase III).




22   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                         Management Discussion and Analysis


The revenue of the Group recorded a strong growth during the Reporting Period. The Group
derived a vast majority of its revenue from providing services to customers headquartered in
the North America and PRC. In particular, the growth in China accelerated significantly in
second half of 2018 due to recent regulatory reform performed in China. The table below
shows the revenue distribution by countries/regions:

                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                       2018                             2017
Revenue                                      RMB million                 %    RMB million                %

— North America                                   1,284.0           50.6%             907.4         56.1%
— PRC                                               980.0           38.7%             552.0         34.1%
— Europe                                            171.7            6.8%              65.3          4.0%
— Rest of the World (Note)                           98.8            3.9%              94.1          5.8%

Total                                             2,534.5          100.0%           1,618.8        100.0%


Note:     Rest of the world primarily includes Israel, Singapore, Japan, South Korea and Australia.

For the year ended December 31, 2018, the pre-IND revenue of the Group increased by
38.3% to approximately RMB1,451.0 million, accounting for 57.2% of the total revenue. At
the same time, the post-IND revenue of the Group demonstrated a rapid increase of 90.2%
to approximately RMB1,083.5 million, accounting for 42.8% of the total revenue, as a result
of more projects progressing from pre-IND to subsequent stages such as early-phase and
late-phase stages by implementing the “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy.

The following table sets forth a breakdown of the revenue of the Group by pre-IND services
and post-IND services for the periods indicated:

                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                       2018                             2017
                                             RMB million                 %    RMB million                %

Pre-IND services                                  1,451.0           57.2%           1,049.2         64.8%
Post-IND services                                 1,083.5           42.8%             569.6         35.2%

Total                                             2,534.5          100.0%           1,618.8        100.0%


Top 5 customers’ revenue increased by 23.2% from approximately RMB646.6 million for
the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB796.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, accounting for 31.4% of total revenue for the year ended December
31, 2018, as compared to 39.9% for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Top 10 customers’ revenue increased by 34.9% from approximately RMB884.4 million for
the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB1,193.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, accounting for 47.1% of total revenue for the year ended December
31, 2018, as compared to 54.6 % for the year ended December 31, 2017.



                                                            WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   23
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Cost of Services

     The cost of services of the Group increased by 58.3% from approximately RMB958.3 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB1,516.7 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2018. The increase of the cost of services was in line with the growth
     of the business.

     The cost of services of the Group consists of direct labor costs, cost of raw materials and
     overhead. Direct labor costs primarily consist of salaries, bonuses, social security costs
     and share-based compensation for the employees in the Group’s business units. Cost of
     raw materials primarily consists of costs incurred for the purchase of raw materials used in
     rendering the Group’s services, such as reagents and chromatograph columns. Overhead
     primarily consists of depreciation charges of the facilities and equipment used in rendering
     the Group’s services, outsourced testing service fees for the biologics testing work, utilities
     and maintenance.

     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

     The gross profit of the Group increased by 54.1% from approximately RMB660.6 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB1,017.8 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2018. The increase in the gross profit was mainly attributed to the Group’s
     strong business growth, along with the rapid increase in its number of integrated projects.
     The Group’s gross profit margin showed a slight decrease from 40.8% for the year ended
     December 31, 2017 to 40.2% for the year ended December 31, 2018, mainly due to (i) an
     increased weight of share-based compensations in cost of services as compared to 2017; (ii)
     the foreign exchange rates fluctuation during the Reporting Period when more than 70% of
     the Group’s revenue was traded in U.S. Dollar as the original transaction currency; and (iii)
     the ramp-up of operations of the 2nd and 3rd GMP manufacturing facilities (MFG2 & MFG3);
     partially offset by (iv) efficiency enhancement gained from our current manufacturing facility
     (MFG1) and overall operations.

     Other Income

     The Group’s other income increased by 459.7% from approximately RMB34.7 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB194.2 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2018, primarily due to (i) an increased interest income derived from bank
     deposits as a result of its improved cash flow; and (ii) an increase in government grants and
     subsidies.




24   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Impairment Losses, Net of Reversal

As a result of the application on IFRS 9 Financial Instruments, impairment losses, net of
reversal, has been individually presented in the Group’s financial statements, started January
1, 2018.

Impairment losses, net of reversal, represent the loss allowance on the Group’s financial
assets (including trade and other receivables and contract assets) under Expected Credit Loss
(“ECL”) model. The ECL on these assets are assessed collectively using a provision matrix
with appropriate groupings, based on the consideration of the credit risk for each grouping.
Comparatively the impairment losses for the year ended December 31, 2017 were assessed
based on the management’s judgment including the assessment of changes in credit quality
and the past collection history of each customer (instead of each grouping).

The Group has prospectively recorded the net impairment losses of approximately RMB55.9
million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The unfavorable change of the net
impairment losses were mainly due to the change of assessment method following IFRS 9
as mentioned above, coupled with the increased trade receivable balance as a result of the
Group’s growing business. The management of the Group considers that the impairment
loss under ECL model has been in a more conservative view in credit risk control. The
management has been continuously managing the credit risk through periodic review and
monitoring on the doubtful debts.

Other Gains and Losses

The Group recorded net other gains of approximately RMB21.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2018, compared with net other losses of approximately RMB89.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 2017, primarily due to (i) a net foreign exchange gain of
approximately RMB7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 as compared to a net
loss of approximately RMB99.0 million for year ended December 31, 2017; and (ii) a gain
from investments in money market fund for unused proceeds from IPO and placing of new
shares during the Reporting Period.

Selling and Marketing Expenses

The selling and marketing expenses of the Group represent a relatively stable percentage
of the revenue of the Group (1.7% for both the year ended December 31, 2018 and 2017).
Selling and marketing expenses increased by 53.6% from approximately RMB27.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB42.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2018, which demonstrated our continuous efforts in the capability
enhancement in business development to capture the blooming demand in biologics
industry.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   25
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Administrative Expenses

     The Group’s administrative expenses increased by 69.9% from approximately RMB134.0
     million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB227.7 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily due to (i) workforce expansion to facilitate
     the smooth operation and support the Group’s rapid growing business and its long-term
     development; (ii) an increase in its corporate governance related costs as the Shares were
     listed on the Stock Exchange in June 2017, such as cost of legal services, compliance
     advisory and audit services; and (iii) an increase in office administration cost, etc., which are
     in line with the Group’s business growth and headcount growth.


     Research and Development Expenses

     The Group’s research and development expenses increased by 127.2% from approximately
     RMB74.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB169.3
     million for the year ended December 31, 2018, as a result of our enhanced investment in
     new technologies and platforms, such as our newly launched proprietary bispecific antibody
     platform WuXiBody™. Consequently the Group has showed its capability in expediting
     bispecific development and cost reducing by successfully entering into multiple strategic
     collaborations with our partners.

     Other Expenses

     No other expenses was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2018, as compared to
     approximately RMB16.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, representing the
     IPO expenses which were incurred for the Listing on the Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017.


     Finance Cost

     No finance cost was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2018, as compared to
     approximately RMB35.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, representing the
     interest expenses on bank borrowings and finance lease.


     Income Tax Expense

     The Group’s income tax expense increased by 110.0% from approximately RMB51.1 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB107.3 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2018, as a result of the growth of the Group’s business. The effective
     income tax rate decreased from approximately 16.8% for the year ended December 31,
     2017 to approximately 14.5% for the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily due to a
     decreased weight of non-tax-deductible share-based compensation.




26   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                       Management Discussion and Analysis


WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd (“WuXi Co.”), WuXi Biologics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai
Biologics”) and Wuxi Apptec (Suzhou) Testing Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou Biologics”)
have been accredited as “High and New Technology Enterprise” by relevant government
authorities. WuXi Co. is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% for a three-year period
commencing from the year of 2016. Shanghai Biologics is entitled to a one-year’s exemption
from Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) followed by three years of 50% tax reduction with effect
from the beginning of 2016 in accordance with Guo Fa No. 40. Accordingly, the applicable
EIT rate of Shanghai Biologics for the year ended December 31, 2018 is 12.5% (for the year
ended December 31, 2017: 12.5%). Shanghai Biologics anticipates to continue enjoying the
preferential income tax rate in the year of 2019. Suzhou Biologics is entitled to a preferential
tax rate of 15% for a three-year period commencing from the year of 2018.

Net Profit and Net Profit Margin

As a result of the foregoings, the net profit of the Group increased by 149.6% from
approximately RMB252.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately
RMB630.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2018. The net profit margin of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 was 24.9%, as compared to 15.6% for the
year ended December 31, 2017. The significant increase of net profit margin was primarily
due to (i) the robust revenue growth as a result of the Group’s leading technology platform
and competitive execution track record, coupled with the efficiency in business operation
and enhanced capacity utilization; (ii) an increase in government grants and subsidies; (iii)
a considerable increase in interest income from bank deposits as a result of its improved
cash flow; (iv) foreign exchange gains recorded for the year ended December 31, 2018 as
compared to significant foreign exchange losses for the year ended December 31, 2017;
partially offset by (v) expansion of administrative expenses and research and development
expenses in line with the Group’s business growth.

The adjusted net profit1 of the Group increased by 73.6% from approximately RMB432.9
million2 for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB751.5 million for
the year ended December 31, 2018. Adjusted net profit margin increased from 26.7% for
the year ended December 31, 2017 to 29.7% for the year ended December 31, 2018.
The increase of adjusted net profit margin follows the same set of reasons as in the above
discussion.




1    Calculation of adjusted net profit is modified and calculated as net profit for the Reporting Period,
     excluding share-based compensations, foreign exchange gains or losses and Listing expenses to
     better reflect the Company‘s current business and operations.
2    The adjusted net profit for the year ended December 31, 2017 disclosed herein is recalculated
     based on the revised calculation stated in (1). The same financial figure disclosed in the 2017
     annual report of the Company was RMB408.1 million, calculated by excluding share-based
     compensation expenses, Listing expenses and a foreign exchange loss due to translation loss from
     the IPO proceeds.

                                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   27
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     EBITDA

     The EBITDA3 of the Group increased by 112.2% from approximately RMB453.4 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB962.1 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2018. The EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31,
     2018 was 38.0%, compared to 28.0% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The higher
     EBITDA margin of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018 was primarily due to a
     higher net profit margin as discussed above.

     The adjusted EBITDA4 of the Group increased by 70.9% from approximately RMB633.6
     million5 for the year ended December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB1,083.1 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2018. The adjusted EBITDA margin of the Group increased
     from 39.1% for the year ended December 31, 2017 to 42.7% for the year ended December
     31, 2018. The increase of adjusted EBITDA margin follows the same set of reasons as
     discussed above.


     Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share

     The basic earnings per share of the Group increased by 116.7% from RMB0.24 for the year
     ended December 31, 2017 to RMB0.52 for the year ended December 31, 2018. The diluted
     earnings per share of the Group increased by 118.2% from RMB0.22 for the year ended
     December 31, 2017 to RMB0.48 for the year ended December 31, 2018. The increase in
     the basic and diluted earnings per share was primarily due to the increase in the net profit
     resulted from the strong business growth of the Group.

     The adjusted basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2018 amounted
     to RMB0.62, representing an increase of 55.0% as compared with that of RMB0.40 for the
     year ended December 31, 2017. The adjusted diluted earnings per share for the year ended
     December 31, 2018 amounted to RMB0.57, representing an increase of 54.1% as compared
     with that of RMB0.37 for the year ended December 31, 2017. The increase in both the
     adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share was primarily due to the increase in the
     adjusted net profit resulted from the strong business growth of the Group as discussed in the
     above section headed “Net Profit and Net Profit Margin”.




     3     EBITDA represents net profit before (i) interest expenses, income tax expenses; and (ii)
           amortization and depreciation.
     4     Calculation of adjusted EBITDA is modified and calculated as EBITDA for the Reporting Period,
           excluding (i) interest expenses, income tax expenses; (ii) certain non-cash expenses, consisting of
           share-based compensations, amortization and depreciation; (iii) Listing expenses; and (iv) foreign
           exchange gains or losses to better reflect the Company‘s current business and operations.
     5     The adjusted EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2017 disclosed herein is recalculated
           based on the revised calculation stated in (1). The same financial figure disclosed in the 2017
           annual report of the Company was RMB608.9 million, calculated by excluding share-based
           compensation expenses, Listing expenses and a foreign exchange loss due to translation loss from
           the IPO proceeds.


28   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Plant and Equipment

The plant and equipment of the Group increased by 63.1% from approximately RMB1,780.2
million as at December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB2,903.9 million as at December 31,
2018, primarily as a result of the expansion of research, development and manufacturing
capacities.

Intangible Assets

Intangible assets represent a license with cash consideration of US$51.0 million (equivalent
to approximately RMB341.8 million) to use certain animals for the purpose of researching,
developing and making antibodies for the year ended December 31, 2018 (for the year
ended December 31, 2017: nil).

Prepaid Lease Payments (Current Portion & Non-current Portion)

Prepaid lease payments represent the land use rights acquired by the Group of
approximately RMB173.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2018 (for the year ended
December 31, 2017: nil).

Equity Instruments at Fair Value Through Other Comprehensive Income
(“FVTOCI”)

On June 25, 2018, the Group subscribed 19.9% of the equity interest of Tysana Pte. Ltd.
(“Tysana”), a private company limited by shares in Singapore, with a consideration of
US$9.95 million (equivalent to approximately RMB68.3 million as at December 31, 2018).
Tysana focuses on the business of infectious diseases drug research, development and
commercialization in respect of the monoclonal antibodies in relation to Viruses of Zika
EV71, and Yellow Fever.

On July 16, 2018, the Group subscribed 19.9% of the equity interest of Privus Biologics,
LLC (“Privus”), a limited liability company organized under the law of the State of
Delaware, U.S.A., with a consideration of US$9.95 million (equivalent to approximately
RMB68.3 million as at December 31, 2018). Privus focuses on the business of optimizing,
manufacturing and developing pharmaceuticals intended for use in the field containing one
or more subject antibodies as an active ingredient.

The Group has no controlling power nor significant influence over the management and
the operation of Tysana and Privus. At the date of initial recognition, the Group made an
irrevocable election to designate these equity instruments as at FVTOCI as the management
of the Company believes that recognizing short-term fluctuations in these investments’ fair
value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these
investments for long-term purposes and realizing their performance potential in the long
run. Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value
with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive
income (“OCI”); and are not subject to impairment assessment.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   29
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group managed and evaluated the unlisted
     investments performance of ordinary shares purchased on a fair value basis in accordance
     with the Group’s investment strategy. As at December 31, 2018, the management of the
     Company has confirmed with the respective management of Tysana and Privus that there
     were no significant changes of Tysana and Privus in business and together with the fact
     that the respective investment dates were close to the year ended December 31, 2018, the
     directors of the Company are of the opinion that there was no significant fair value change
     occurred in these FVOCI investment as of December 31, 2018.

     Financial Assets at Fair Value Through Profit or Loss (“FVTPL”)

     During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 429,799
     Series Mezzanine 2 Preferred Shares of Inhibrx, Inc. (“Inhibrx”), a Delaware corporation,
     with a consideration of US$3.0 million (equivalent to approximately RMB20.6 million).
     Inhibrx focuses on the business of delivering optimized, biologic therapeutics to people with
     life-threatening conditions and building a large and diverse pipeline with the potential to
     impact cancer, infectious disease and orphan diseases.

     On September 10, 2018, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 481,454 Series
     C-1 Preferred Shares of Canbridge Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Canbridge”), an exempted
     company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Cayman Islands, for a cash
     consideration of US$5.0 million (equivalent to approximately RMB34.3 million). Canbridge
     focuses on the business of developing, selling, or marketing the pharmaceuticals for
     treatment or prevention of oncology or rare disease indications.

     Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortized cost or
     FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL. Financial assets at FVTPL are
     measured at fair value at the end of each Reporting Period, with any fair value gains or
     losses recognized in profit or loss.

     During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group managed and evaluated the unlisted
     investment performance of preferred share purchased on a fair value basis in accordance
     with the Group’s investment strategy. Gain on fair value change of RMB796,000 was
     recognized for the equity instrument in Canbridge, which was backsolved from the most
     recent transaction price.

     Inventories

     The inventories of the Group increased by 67.7% from approximately RMB135.5 million
     as at December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB227.2 million as at December 31, 2018,
     primarily as a result of the growth of the Group’s business. Along with the Group’s increased
     number of on-going integrated projects, the Group is required to reserve a higher inventory
     level for safe service provision.




30   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Service Work in Progress/Contract Costs

As a result of the application on IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, service
work in progress was reclassified to contract costs as at January 1, 2018. Contract costs of
the Group increased by 45.6% from approximately RMB202.4 million of service work in
progress as at December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB294.6 million of contract costs as
at December 31, 2018, primarily as a result of the growth of the Group’s business. Following
its “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy, the Group has achieved more projects progressing from
pre-IND stage into next stages such as early-phase (phase I and II) and late-phase (phase III),
which have carried higher records of contract costs.

Trade and Other Receivables

As a result of the application on IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, unbilled
revenue previously included in trade and other receivables was reclassified to contract assets
as at January 1, 2018. Trade and other receivables of the Group increased by 80.9% from
approximately RMB589.9 million (excluding unbilled revenue) as at December 31, 2017 to
approximately RMB1,067.2 million as at December 31, 2018, primarily due to (i) the growth
of the Group’s business; (ii) an increase in value added tax recoverable; partially offset by
(iii) a decrease in receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers and
custom duty recoverable.

Contract Assets

As a result of the application on IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, unbilled
revenue of approximately RMB24.4 million previously included in trade and other
receivables was reclassified to contract assets as at January 1, 2018. The Group has recorded
47.5% increase in contract assets to approximately RMB36.0 million as at December 31,
2018, primarily due to the growth of the Group’s business.

Derivative Financial Assets and Liabilities

Derivative financial assets and liabilities represent the USD/RMB foreign currency forward
contracts which the Group entered into with banks in order to manage the Group’s currency
risk. Under the foreign currency forward contracts, the Group will pay to the bank notional
amount of USD and receive from the bank an amount in RMB equal to the product of the
relevant notional amount of USD and the relevant forward rate as specified within the
respective contracts.

The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges. The
effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments that are designated
and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive income and
accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to the cumulative
change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge. The gain or loss relating
to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or loss, and is include in the
“other gains and losses” line item.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   31
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Trade and Other Payables

     As a result of the application on IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, advances
     from customers previously included in trade and other payables were reclassified to contract
     liabilities as at January 1, 2018. The trade and other payables of the Group increased by
     34.3% from approximately RMB529.9 million (excluding advances from customers) as at
     December 31, 2017 to approximately RMB711.8 million as at December 31, 2018, primarily
     due to (i) an increase in trade payables to third parties along with its business growth; and
     (ii) an increase in salary and bonus payables in line with the expansion of work force.


     Contract Liabilities

     As a result of the application on IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, advances
     from customers of approximately RMB254.7 million in respect of contracts with customers
     previously included in trade and other payables were reclassified to contract liabilities as at
     January 1, 2018. The Group has recorded 96.2% increase in contract liabilities (advances
     from customers) along with its business growth and the improved credit control.

     Liquidity and Capital Resources

     The Group’s bank balances and cash amounted to approximately RMB4,084.4 million
     in total as at December 31, 2018, as compared to approximately RMB2,060.0 million
     (including time deposits and financial assets designated at FVTPL representing investment in
     monetary funds and financial products) as at December 31, 2017, as a result of placement
     proceeds received in March 2018 of RMB3,186.7 million and cash provided by operating
     activities; partially offset by payments for the purchase of plant and equipment and other
     non-current assets. The cash and cash equivalents held by the Company are composed of
     Renminbi and U.S. dollar. Currently, the Company follows a set of funding and treasury
     policies to manage its capital resources and prevent risks involved.

     Significant Investments, Material Acquisitions and Disposals

     As at December 31, 2018, there were no significant investment held by the Company,
     nor were there any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
     ventures during the Reporting Period.




32   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Indebtedness

Borrowings

There was no bank borrowing drawn by the Group as at December 31, 2018 and 2017.

Contingent Liabilities and Guarantees

As at December 31, 2018, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities or
guarantees.

Charges of Assets

As at December 31, 2018, the Group pledged bank deposits with an amount of
approximately RMB25.2 million, which increased by 18.9% from approximately RMB21.2
million as at December 31, 2017. The balance mainly represented deposits placed in banks
as collaterals for the banks to issue letters of credit for the Group’s imported raw materials
and equipments.

Gearing Ratio

Gearing ratio is calculated using interest-bearing borrowings less cash and cash equivalents,
divided by total equity and multiplied by 100%. Both as at December 31, 2018 and 2017,
the Group had no borrowing and thus, gearing ratio is not applicable.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   33
     Management Discussion and Analysis


     Events after the Reporting Period

     The Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2018:

     •     In February 2019, the Company announced that European Medicines Agency (EMA)
           has completed the Pre-Approval Inspection (the “Inspection”) of the Group’s cGMP
           (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) drug substance (DS) and drug product (DP)
           facilities for the production of Trogarzo™ with no critical findings. The Group believes
           that the Inspection is the first of biomanufacturing industry in China by EMA and
           the Group will have the first cGMP biologics DS facility, the first cGMP biologics
           DP facility and the first cGMP cell banking facility in China to be approved by EMA
           for commercial manufacturing once the GMP approval is obtained. The DS and DP
           facilities were also approved by U.S. FDA in March 2018.

     •     In February 2019, the Group and Amicus Therapeutics (“Amicus”), a global, patient-
           dedicated biotechnology company listed on NASDAQ (Stock code: FOLD), entered
           into an exclusive commercial manufacturing partnership for Amicus’ Pompe
           biologic ATB200. The Group will be the exclusive commercial drug substance (DS)
           manufacturing partner and key commercial drug product (DP) supplier of ATB200.
           The ATB200 program was initiated at the Group in 2012 with just an initial concept
           and now progresses through a pivotal study enabled by the global leading technology
           platform and unparalleled manufacturing capacity at the Group, which fully showcases
           the Group’s “Follow-the-Molecule” as well as the “Global Dual Sourcing within
           WuXi Bio” strategies. Furthermore, in the same month, Amicus has received U.S.
           FDA Breakthrough Therapy Designation for AT-GAA (comprising ATB200) in late
           onset Pompe disease. This is the second product successfully receiving Breakthrough
           Therapy Designation that the Group has enabled its partner to develop subsequent to
           Trogarzo™.

     •     In March 2019, the Company has received EMA GMP certificates for the production
           of Trogarzo™ at its cGMP DS and DP manufacturing facilities and its cGMP cell
           banking facilities. With the recognition from both the U.S. FDA and EMA, the Company
           will continue to enable our global partners to accelerate and transform biologics
           development from concept to commercialization.




34   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                            Directors and Senior Management


DIRECTORS

Executive Directors

Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝), aged 46, was appointed as an executive Director and chief
executive officer in February 2014 and January 2016, respectively. He is also the chairman
of the Strategy Committee of the Company. Dr. Chen is primarily responsible for the overall
management of the business of the Group. He joined the Group in June 2011 and also serves
as a director of most subsidiaries of the Company. From June 2011 to January 2016, Dr.
Chen served as a senior vice president of WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (上海藥明康
德新藥開發有限公司), and was responsible for the management of biologics development
and manufacturing. From August 2008 to June 2011, Dr. Chen served as the chief operating
officer of Shanghai Celgen Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (上海賽金生物醫藥有限公司), and
was responsible for the development, manufacturing and quality control of biologics. From
November 2005 to August 2008, Dr. Chen served as a director and senior engineering
consultant of Eli Lilly and Company, a global pharmaceutical company listed on NYSE (stock
code: LLY), and was responsible for running a clinical manufacturing facility and providing
technical guidance to biologics development and manufacturing. From June 2000 to
November 2005, Dr. Chen served as a process engineer and manager of Merck & Co. Inc., a
pharmaceutical company listed on NYSE (stock code: MRK) (“Merck”), and was responsible
for providing technical support and trouble-shooting manufacturing issues of biologics and
recombinant vaccines. Dr. Chen obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering
from Tsinghua University in June 1994 and a Ph.D. degree in chemical engineering from
University of Delaware in June 2000.

In November 2018, Dr. Zhisheng Chen was appointed by International Society for
Pharmaceutical Engineering (ISPE), the world’s largest not-for-profit association serving its
members by leading scientific, technical and regulatory advancement throughout the entire
pharmaceutical lifecycle, to serve on the International Board of Directors for a two-year
term. Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the first ISPE Board member from Asia.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   35
     Directors and Senior Management


     Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌), aged 55, was appointed as an executive Director, chief
     technology officer and senior vice president in May 2016, November 2016 and April 2015,
     respectively. He is primarily responsible for overseeing the development and manufacturing
     of biologics. He joined the Group in December 2012 as the vice president, responsible
     for the management of biologics development and manufacturing. Prior to joining the
     Group, Dr. Zhou served as a senior director of Genzyme Corporation from March 2008 to
     December 2012, and was responsible for commercial cell culture process development.
     From October 2002 to February 2008, Dr. Zhou served as a senior director of PDL
     BioPharma Inc., a biopharmaceutical company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: PDLI), and
     was responsible for process sciences and engineering functions. From May 1994 to October
     2002, Dr. Zhou served as up to an associate director of Merck, and was responsible for
     fermentation and cell culture process development. Dr. Zhou obtained a bachelor’s degree
     in chemical engineering from Jiangxi University of Technology (江西工學院) in the PRC in
     July 1982. He also obtained a Ph.D. degree in chemical engineering and biotechnology from
     University of Hannover in Germany in June 1989.

     Non-executive Directors

     Dr. Ge Li (李革), aged 52, was appointed as the chairman and non-executive Director in
     February 2014. He is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the
     Strategy Committee of the Company. Dr. Li is primarily responsible for providing overall
     guidance on the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group. He founded
     the Group in May 2010 and also serves as a director of most subsidiaries of the Company.
     Dr. Li has been serving as the chairman and the chief executive officer since December
     2000 of WuXi AppTec, a company dual-listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (上海證券交易
     所) (stock code: 603259) on May 8, 2018 and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 2359) on December 13, 2018, and has been responsible for the overall management
     of its business, strategy and corporate development. From December 2011 to August 2015,
     he served as an independent non-executive director of Shanghai Hile Bio-pharmaceutical
     Co., Ltd. (上海海利生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange
     (上海証券交易所) (stock code: 603718), and was responsible for providing independent
     advice to its board of directors. From August 2007 to December 2015, Dr. Li served as the
     chairman and the chief executive officer of WuXi PharmaTech, a company previously listed
     on New York Stock Exchange (Stock code: WX) which was delisted on December 10, 2015,
     and was responsible for its overall management. From May 1993 to December 2000, Dr. Li
     was one of the founding scientists and latest served as a research manager of Pharmacopeia
     Inc., a biopharmaceutical company listed on NASDAQ (stock code: PCOP), and was
     responsible for managing external research collaboration. Dr. Li obtained a Ph.D. degree in
     organic chemistry from Columbia University in the United States in February 1994. He was
     appointed as a director of the Scripps Research Institute (TSRI), a private non-profit research
     organization, in February 2017.

     Dr. Li is a director of Biologics Holdings, a controlling shareholder of the Company, and
     the chairman and the chief executive officer of WuXi AppTec, director of New WuXi Life
     Science Investment Limited, and various subsidiaries of WuXi AppTec and WuXi NextCode
     Holdings Limited, close associates of the controlling shareholders of the Company.




36   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                           Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Edward Hu (胡正國), aged 56, was appointed as a non-executive Director in February
2014. He is a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the
Company. Mr. Hu is primarily responsible for providing guidance on the business strategy,
financial management and new business development of the Group. He joined the Group in
May 2010 and also serves as a director of most subsidiaries of the Company. Since March
2016, Mr. Hu has been serving as a director of WuXi AppTec, and is responsible for the
overall management. Mr. Hu has also been serving as co-chief executive officer and chief
investment officer of WuXi AppTec since August 2018 and has been responsible for the
investment and overall management of the business. From April 2014 to January 2019,
Mr. Hu served as the chief financial officer and chief investment officer of WuXi AppTec
and was responsible for its finance and investment management. From March 2009 to
April 2014, Mr. Hu served as the chief financial officer and chief operating officer of WuXi
AppTec and was responsible for its finance and operations. From August 2007 to February
2009, Mr. Hu served as an executive vice president and chief operating officer of WuXi
AppTec and was responsible for its business operations. From October 2000 to July 2007,
Mr. Hu served on various roles to become a senior vice president and chief operating officer
of Tanox Inc., and was responsible for company operations, quality control, finance and
information technology. From April 1998 to October 2000, Mr. Hu served as a business
planning manager of Biogen Inc., a global biotechnology company listed on NASDAQ
(stock code: BIIB), and was responsible for business planning and budget management of its
research and development division. From May 1996 to December 1998, Mr. Hu served as a
senior financial analyst of Merck, and was responsible for financial planning and analysis.
Mr. Hu obtained a bachelor’s degree in physics from Hangzhou University, now known
as Zhejiang University (浙江大學), in the PRC in July 1983. He also obtained a master’s
degree in chemistry and a master’s degree in business administration from Carnegie Mellon
University in the United States in May 1993 and May 1996, respectively.

Mr. Hu is a director of Biologics Holdings, a controlling shareholder of the Company,
an executive director, co-chief executive officer and chief investment officer of WuXi
AppTec, director of New WuXi Life Science Investment Limited, and various subsidiaries
of WuXi AppTec and WuXi NextCode Holdings Limited, close associates of the controlling
shareholders of the Company.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   37
     Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Yibing Wu (吳亦兵), aged 51, was appointed as a non-executive Director in May
     2016. He is also a member of the Strategy Committee of the Company. Mr. Wu is primarily
     responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategy and governance for the Group.
     He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wu. has been serving
     as a director of WuXi AppTec since March 2016. Since November 2015, Mr. Wu has been
     serving as a director of Summer Bloom Investments Pte. Ltd. Since October 2013, Mr. Wu
     has been working with Temasek International Pte. Ltd. and is currently the joint head of
     Enterprise Development Group and the head of China. From April 2011 to April 2014, Mr.
     Wu served as a director of Neptune Orient Lines Limited, a company listed on the Singapore
     Exchange Limited (stock code: RE2). From December 2009 to September 2013, Mr. Wu
     served as the president of CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. From January
     2012 to September 2013, Mr. Wu served as the chairman and chief executive officer of
     CITIC Goldstone Investment Co. Ltd. From May 2009 to July 2013, Mr. Wu served as a
     non-executive director of Lenovo Group Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of
     the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0992). From September 2008 to November 2009, Mr. Wu
     served as the executive vice president of Legend Holdings Co., Ltd. From August 2004 to
     August 2008, Mr. Wu was seconded from McKinsey & Company as the chief strategy officer,
     chief integration officer, chief transformation officer and chief information officer of Lenovo
     Group Ltd. From September 1996 to August 2008, he worked with McKinsey & Company,
     where he was a senior partner, the head of Asia Pacific M&A practice and general manager
     of Beijing office. Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s degree in molecular biology from University
     of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in the PRC in July 1989 and a Ph.D.
     degree in biochemistry and molecular biology from Harvard University in the United States
     in June 1996.

     Mr. Wu is a director of Biologics Holdings, Life Science Holdings, Life Science Limited and
     WuXi PharmaTech, controlling shareholders of the Company, a non-executive director of
     WuXi AppTec, and also a director of WuXi NextCode Holdings Limited and New WuXi Life
     Science Investment Limited, close associates of the controlling shareholders of the Company.

     Mr. Yanling Cao (曹彥凌), aged 35, was appointed a non-executive Director in May 2016.
     He is primarily responsible for providing guidance on corporate strategy and governance
     to the Group. He joined the Group in May 2016. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Cao has
     been serving as the managing director of Boyu Capital Advisory Company Limited (博裕投
     資顧問有限公司) and has been responsible for sourcing, evaluating and managing private
     equity transactions, with a particular focus in the healthcare industry. From December
     2007 to January 2011, Mr. Cao served as an investment professional of General Atlantic
     LLC, and was responsible for private equity and venture capital investment. From July 2006
     to November 2007, Mr. Cao served as an investment banker of Goldman Sachs Asia LLC,
     and was responsible for providing investment banking advisory services to clients in Asia.
     Mr. Cao obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and mathematics from Middlebury
     College in the United States in June 2006. In addition, Mr. Cao was a director of CStone
     Pharmaceuticals for the period from April 1, 2016 to March 27, 2017.

     Mr. Cao is a director of Biologics Holdings, Life Science Holdings, Life Science Limited
     and WuXi PharmaTech, controlling shareholders of the Company, and a director of
     WuXi NextCode Holdings Limited and New WuXi Life Science Investment Limited, close
     associates of the controlling shareholders of the Company.




38   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                          Directors and Senior Management


Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. William Robert Keller, aged 71, was appointed as an independent non-executive
Director on May 17, 2017. He is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee, a member
of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Keller is primarily
responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion to the Board. He joined the
Group in May 2017. Prior to joining the Group, he has been serving as the chairman of
Coland Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (康聯藥業有限公司), a company listed on Taiwan Stock
Exchange (stock code: 4144) since December 2010, and has been responsible for providing
business advice to the company. From September 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Keller
served as an independent director of WuXi PharmaTech and was responsible for providing
independent advice to the board of the company. From December 2009 to May 2015, Mr.
Keller served as a director of Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a company listed on NASDAQ
(stock code: ALXN), and was responsible for providing independent advice to the board
of the company. From February 2003 to June 2014, Mr. Keller served as the founder and
principal of Keller Pharma Consultancy (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. (凱樂醫藥諮詢（上海）有限公司
) and was responsible for market entry and strategy consulting. From March 2003 to June
2014, Mr. Keller served as the deputy general manager of Shanghai Zhangjiang Biotech and
Pharmaceutical Base Development Co., Ltd. (上海張江生物醫藥基地開發有限公司) and
was responsible for consulting of pharmaceutical and biotechnological startups’ industry
development in the park. From May 2007 to April 2010, Mr. Keller served as the chairman
of HBM Biomed China Partners Ltd. and was responsible for investment in biotechnology
companies. From December 2007 to December 2014, Mr. Keller served as a director and
later a supervisor of TaiGen Biopharmaceuticals Holding Limited (太景醫藥研發控股股
份有限公司), a company listed on Taiwan Stock Exchange (stock code: 4157), and was
responsible for overseeing financial matters. From June 1997 to December 2013, Mr. Keller
served as the deputy chairman of the Shanghai Association of Enterprises with Foreign
Investment (上海市外商投資企業協會), and was responsible for supporting foreign invested
companies as a business advisor. From March 2003 to December 2013, Mr. Keller served
as a senior consultant of the Shanghai Foreign Investment Development Board (上海市外
國投資促進中心) and was responsible for providing advice regarding foreign investment
development. Since September 14, 2018, Mr. Keller has been serving as an independent
non-executive director of Hua Medicine (華領醫藥), a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2552) (“Hua Medicine”). Mr. Keller obtained a bachelor
of science’s degrees from the School of Economics and Business Administration in Zurich,
Switzerland in July 1972.




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   39
     Directors and Senior Management


     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (郭德明), aged 66, was appointed as an independent non-
     executive Director on May 17, 2017. He is the chairman of the Audit Committee and a
     member of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Mr. Kwauk is primarily responsible
     for supervising and providing independent opinion to the Board. Mr. Kwauk joined the
     Group in May 2017. Prior to joining the Group, he has been serving as an independent
     director and chairman of the audit committee of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (阿里巴巴集
     團控股有限公司), a company listed on NYSE (stock code: BABA), since September 2014. Mr.
     Kwauk also served as an independent non-executive director and the chairman of the audit
     committee of China Fordoo Holding Limited (中國虎都控股有限公司), a company listed on
     the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2399), from June 2014 to August 2016.
     From August 2014 to December 2015, Mr. Kwauk served as an independent director of
     WuXi PharmaTech, and was responsible for providing independent judgement to the board
     of the company. Since October 2012, he has been serving as an independent non-executive
     director and the chairman of the audit committee of Sinosoft Technology Group Limited (中
     國擎天軟件科技集團有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 1297). Since January 2003, Mr. Kwauk has been serving as a senior consultant
     and a vice president of Motorola Solutions (China) Co., Ltd. (摩托羅拉系統（中國）有限公
     司), and has been responsible for providing advice on corporate strategic, finance and tax.
     Mr. Kwauk was a partner of KPMG, an accounting firm primarily engaged in providing
     audit, advisory and tax services from 1977 to 2002, and was responsible for audit. Since
     September 14, 2018, Mr. Kwauk has been serving as an independent non-executive director
     of Hua Medicine. Mr. Kwauk obtained a bachelor’s degree in science in April 1975 and
     a licentiate’s degree in accounting in April 1977 from the University of British Columbia
     in Canada. He has been an associate member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants since March 1983.

     Mr. Wo Felix Fong (方和), BBS, JP, aged 68, was appointed as an independent non-executive
     Director on May 17, 2017. He is member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.
     Mr. Fong is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent opinion to the
     Board. Mr. Fong joined the Group in May 2017. Since August 1988, he has been working
     in King & Wood Mallesons (formerly known as Robert Lee & Fong, Felix Fong & Hon, Fong
     & Ng, Arculli Fong & Ng and King & Wood) and has been responsible for legal matters in
     corporate and financial areas of practice. From May 2010 to May 2016, Mr. Fong served
     as an independent non-executive director of China Oilfield Services Limited (中海油田服
     務股份有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
     2883) and on Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601808). From April 2011 to July
     2018, Mr. Fong also served as an independent non-executive director of China Investment
     Development Limited (中國投資開發有限公司), a company listed on the Main Board of the
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 204). Mr. Fong has also been serving as an independent non-
     executive director of various companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
     namely Xinming China Holdings Limited (新明中國控股有限公司) (stock code: 2699) since
     June 2015, Sheen Tai Holdings Group Company Limited (順泰控股集團有限公司) (stock
     code: 1335) since June 2012, Evergreen International Holdings Limited (長興國際（集團）
     控股有限公司) (stock code: 238) since October 2010, Guangdong Land Holdings Limited (
     粵海置地控股有限公司) (stock code: 124) since January 2007 and Greenland Hong Kong
     Holdings Limited (綠地香港控股有限公司) (stock code: 337) since September 2006. Mr. Fong
     obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering from McMaster University in Canada in June
     1974 and a Juris Doctor degree from Osgoode Hall Law School of York University in Canada
     in June 1978. Mr. Fong was admitted as a solicitor in England and Wales in September
     1986 and in Hong Kong in February 1987. Mr. Fong is appointed by the Ministry of Justice
     of China (中華人民共和國司法部) as one of the China-appointed Attesting Officers in Hong
     Kong in June 1993.



40   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                            Directors and Senior Management


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

For the biographies of Dr. Zhisheng Chen (陳智勝) and Dr. Weichang Zhou (周偉昌), please
refer to “Directors — Executive Directors”.

Ms. Christine Shaohua Lu-Wong (盧韶華), aged 50, is the chief financial officer of the
Company. Ms. Lu-Wong is primarily responsible for the overall financial management,
capital market management, and merger and acquisition activities of the Group. She
joined our Group and was appointed current position in January 2016. Prior to joining our
Group, Ms. Lu-Wong served as the chief financial officer of Xueda Education Group (學
大教育集團), a company previously listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code:
XUE) from 2012 to 2015, and was responsible for the overall financial management and
led the privatization of the company. From 2010 to 2012, she served as the chief financial
officer of HiSoft Technology International Limited (海輝軟件（國際）集團) (currently known
as Pactera Technology International Ltd.), a company previously listed on NASDAQ
(stock code: HSFT) and primarily engaged in consulting and technology services, and was
responsible for the IPO, mergers and acquisitions and overall financial management of
the company. From 2007 to 2009, she served as the vice president of finance of WuXi
PharmaTech and was responsible for the overall financial operation of the company. Prior
to WuXi PharmaTech, Ms. Lu-Wong brought in over 13 years of U.S. experience in financial
analysis and management from Fortune 500 enterprises such as Google, Oracle, HP, and
PricewaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Lu-Wong obtained her bachelor’s degree in foreign trade and
economics from Guangdong University of Foreign Studies (廣東外語外貿大學) in the PRC
in July 1990, and an MBA degree in accounting from Golden Gate University in the United
States in 1994. Ms. Lu-Wong obtained the qualification as a certified public accountant
(CPA) in the State of California, United States, in 1998.

Dr. Chiang Syin (辛強), aged 64, is the chief quality officer of the Company, who is
responsible for global quality management for the Company, including, quality assurance,
quality control and regulatory affairs. Dr. Syin has over 28 years of experience in FDA
regulatory review and Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) compliance of biological and
biotech products. Prior to joining the Company, he was a Gates Project International Expert
for the Center of Food & Drug Inspection (CFDI) of CFDA. Before his retirement from the
U.S. FDA in February 2017, he served as the FDA Associate Country Director managing the
office’s drug and device inspection program. Prior to joining the China office, he served as
a branch chief in the office of compliance and biologics quality of the Center for Biologics
Evaluation and Research (CBER). In this position, he provided leadership and program
guidance to the staff engaged in Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control (CMC) reviews and
GMP inspections for pre-marketing license applications and post-marketing changes of the
biological products. He joined CBER in 1988 after his postdoctoral training in National
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), National Institutes of Health (NIH) and
performed regulatory reviews of IND and Biologics License Applications (BLA) in addition
to malaria research. From 1998 to 2012, he worked in the Offices of Vaccines, Blood and
Compliance in CBER. In 2003, he moved briefly to Center for Drug Evaluation and Research
(CDER) with the transfer of therapeutic biotech products and established the biotech
inspection group in CDER before returning to CBER. Dr. Syin has been actively involved
in FDA drug/biologics regulatory policy and guidance development that includes drafting
Vaccines CMC and Phase I GMP guidance documents as well as the 2011 Process Validation
guidance revision. Dr. Syin received his Ph.D. degree in chemistry from the Catholic
University of America, Washington, D.C. and a bachelor’s degree of science in biology from
the Tunghai University (東海大學) in Taiwan.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   41
     Directors and Senior Management


     Dr. Jing Li (李競), aged 47, is the senior vice president of the Company. Dr. Li is primarily
     responsible for overseeing the biologics discovery department of the Group. Dr. Li joined
     the Group in December 2013 as a vice president of WuXi Biopharma and was appointed
     current position in October 2016. Prior to joining the Group, from October 2005 to
     November 2013, Dr. Li served as a senior manager of the alliance management and
     portfolio management, laboratory head and program team head of Novartis International
     AG, a global biopharmaceutical company listed on NYSE (stock code: NVS) and primarily
     engaged in the research and development of medicine and vaccines, and was responsible
     for leading biologics drug discovery programs, managing company-wide biologics portfolio
     and managing company strategic alliance with external partners on biologics drug discovery
     technologies and programs. From November 2001 to October 2005, he served as the project
     team leader of Pfizer Inc., a global pharmaceutical corporation listed on NYSE (stock code:
     PFE) primarily engaged in the research and development of chemicals, biological agents and
     vaccines, and was responsible for leading biologics drug discovery programs. Dr. Li obtained
     a bachelor’s degree in basic medicine and a doctor’s degree in oncology from Beijing
     Medical University (北京醫科大學) (currently known as Peking University Health Science
     Center (北京大學醫學部)) in the PRC in July 1993 and June 1998, respectively and obtained
     an MBA degree from Yale University in the United States in May 2010. He also conducted
     postdoctoral research in immunology in Tufts University in the United States from September
     1998 to October 2001.

     Mr. Jian Dong (董健), aged 55, is a senior vice president of the Company. Mr. Dong is
     primarily responsible for managing clinical medicine production and commercial production
     of bio-pharmaceuticals. Mr. Dong joined the Group in April 2014 as an executive director
     of WuXi Biopharma and was appointed vice president in October 2015 and senior vice
     president in June 2018. Prior to joining the Group, from May 2013 to May 2014, he
     served as the deputy general manager of Shanghai United Cell Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
     (上海聯合賽爾生物工程有限公司), a company primarily engaged in manufacturing, sales
     and development of recombinant biologic products, and was responsible for managing
     the production and quality management system, research and development system, and
     engineering system. From May 2013 to May 2014, he also served as the deputy general
     manager of Unilab Biosciences Private Limited, and was responsible for new product
     introduction. From May 2009 to April 2013, he served as a vice president of Shanghai
     Celgen Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Inc. (上海賽金生物醫藥有限公司), and was responsible
     for manufacturing and quality management. From April 2005 to May 2009, he served as a
     senior process engineer of EL&Co, and was responsible for cell culture process development
     for antibodies. From April 2005 to December 2006, he served as a biologist of Applied
     Molecular Evolution, Inc., and was responsible for GMP cell culture production. From
     March 2000 to April 2005, he served as a research scientist of BioAge Pharmaceuticals, Inc.,
     and was responsible for pharmaceuticals research and development. From August 1988 to
     March 2000, he served as the manager of genetic engineering department, assistant general
     manager and vice chief engineer in Shenzhen Kangtai Biological Products Co., Ltd. (深圳
     康泰生物製品有限公司), and was responsible for technology transfer and manufacturing
     management. Mr. Dong obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology in July 1985 and a master’s
     degree in biology in September 1988 from University of Wuhan (武漢大學) in the PRC. He
     obtained the qualification as a certified senior pharmaceutical engineer (製藥高級工程師)
     granted by Personnel Department of Guangdong Province (廣東省人事廳) in December
     1996.




42   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                           Directors and Senior Management


Mr. Angus Scott Marshall Turner, aged 51, is a vice president of the Company. Mr.
Turner is primarily responsible for the overall business development, strategic alliances
and partnerships of the Group. Mr. Turner joined the Group in September 2016. Prior
to joining the Group, from November 2010 to June 2016, he served as the director of
Sales Europe and Asia, and latterly head of Sales Europe, for Lonza AG, a Swiss-based
supplier of product and services to the global pharmaceutical, healthcare and life science
industries, and was responsible for recruiting, training and development of the sales team
and successful implementation of sales strategies across all technologies in the contract
manufacturing business unit. From March 2004 to November 2008, he served as the director
of business development, Europe and Asia, for AppTec Laboratory Services, Inc., a company
primarily engaged in biopharmaceutical and medical device testing and biologics-based
manufacturing and related services. Upon the acquisition of AppTec Laboratory Services,
Inc. by WuXi PharmaTech in 2008 and until November 2010, he served as a director of
international biopharmaceutical business development of WuXi PharmaTech, and was
responsible for business development across Europe and Asia. From October 2002 to March
2004, he served as a business development manager, Europe, for Excell Biotech, a company
engaged in contract development and manufacturing of biologic drugs, and was responsible
for developing client pipeline and customer base across Europe. Mr. Turner obtained at
bachelor’s degree in biology from Stirling University in the United Kingdom in June 1990
and a Master’s degree in biotechnology from Strathclyde University in the United Kingdom
in November 1991. He also obtained an MBA degree from Warwick Business School in the
United Kingdom in July 2001.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   43
     Directors’ Report


     The Directors are pleased to present this annual report and the audited consolidated
     financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2018.

     Principal Activities

     The Group is principally engaged in the provision of end-to-end solutions and services for
     biologics discovery, development and manufacturing to customers involving in biologics
     industry in both the PRC and other overseas countries.

     A list of the Company’s subsidiaries, together with their places of incorporation, principal
     activities and particulars of their issued shares/paid up capital, is set out in note 38 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Business Review

     A review of the business of the Group during the year, a discussion and analysis on the
     Group’s future business development and the financial and operational key performance
     indicators employed by the Directors in measuring the performance of the Group’s business
     are set out in the sections headed “Chairman and CEO Statement” on pages 4 to 5 of this
     annual report, “Financial Summary” on page 6 of this annual report, and “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” on pages 8 to 34 of this annual report. The financial risk
     management objectives and policies of the Group are set out in note 31 to the consolidated
     financial statements in this annual report. Significant events that have an effect on the
     Group subsequent to the financial year ended December 31, 2018 are set out in note 42
     to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Besides, principal risks and
     uncertainties faced by the Group, key relationship between the Group and its employees,
     customers and suppliers, environmental policies of the Group and compliance with the
     relevant laws and regulations which have significant impact are set out below. These
     sections constitute part of this Directors’ Report.

     In addition, more details regarding the Group’s performance by reference to environmental
     and social-related key performance indicators and policies, as well as compliance with
     relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Company are provided
     in the section headed “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” on pages 80 to 137 of
     this annual report.




44   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                              Directors’ Report


Directors

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’ Report were:

Executive Directors

Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

Non-executive Directors

Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
Mr. Edward Hu
Mr. Yibing Wu
Mr. Yanling Cao

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. William Robert Keller
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
Mr. Wo Felix Fong

Biographies of the Directors and Senior Management

The biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Company are
set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 35 to 43 of this
annual report.

Service Contracts of the Directors

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a three-year service contract with the
Company, subject to termination before expiry by either party giving not less than three
months’ notice in writing to the other. Each of the non-executive Directors and independent
non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a
term of three years and shall be terminable by either party giving not less than three months’
notice in writing to the other.

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service
contract with the Company or any member of the Group which is not determinable by
the employer within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   45
     Directors’ Report


     Employees and Remuneration Policies

     As at December 31, 2018, the Group had a total of 4,141 employees, of whom 1,905 were
     located in Shanghai, 2,028 were located in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province, 175 were located in
     Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, and 33 were located overseas. The staff costs, including Directors’
     emoluments but excluding any contributions to retirement benefit scheme contributions
     and share-based payment expenses, were approximately RMB690.3 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2018, as compared to approximately RMB394.8 million for the year
     ended December 31, 2017. The remuneration package of employees generally includes
     salary and bonus elements. In general, the Group determines the remuneration package
     based on the qualifications, position and performance of its employees. The Group also
     makes contributions to social insurance fund, including basic pension insurance, medical
     insurance, unemployment insurance, childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance
     funds, and housing reserve fund as applicable to the countries where the Group operates.

     The Group has adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Restricted Share Award
     Scheme to provide incentive or reward to eligible participants for their contribution or
     potential contribution to the Group. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
     the Restricted Share Award Scheme are set out on pages 57 to 59 and note 37 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     In addition, the Group has an effective training system for its employees, including
     orientation and continuous on-the-job training, to accelerate the learning progress and
     improve the knowledge and skill levels of its workforce. Its orientation process covers
     subjects, such as corporate culture and policies, work ethics, introduction to the biologics
     development process, quality management, and occupational safety, and its periodic
     on-the-job training covers streamlined technical know-hows of its integrated services,
     environmental, health and safety management systems and mandatory training required by
     applicable laws and regulations.

     The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is reviewed by the Remuneration
     Committee and approved by the Board. The relevant experience, duties and responsibilities,
     time commitment, working performance and the prevailing market conditions are taken into
     consideration in determining the emoluments of the Directors and senior management.

     Remuneration of Directors and Five Individual with Highest Emoluments

     Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in
     note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     No Director has waived or has agreed to waive any emoluments during the year ended
     December 31, 2018.




46   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                             Directors’ Report


Changes to Information in respect of Directors

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in Directors’ information during
the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out below.

•   Mr. William Robert Keller and Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, being the independent
    non-executive Directors, have been appointed as independent non-executive directors
    of Hua Medicine (華領醫藥), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
    (stock code: 2552), with effect from September 14, 2018.

•   As disclosed in the Prospectus, Dr. Ge Li, Mr. Edward Hu and Mr. Yibing Wu, being the
    non-executive Directors, are serving as the directors of WuXi AppTec at the same time.
    On December 13, 2018, the shares of WuXi AppTec are listed on the Main Board of the
    Stock Exchange (stock code: 2359).

Save as disclosed above, there were no changes to information which are required to be
disclosed and had been disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of
Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

Independence of Independent Non-Executive Directors

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual
confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company
considers that all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance
with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

Non-Competition Undertakings

As disclosed in the Prospectus, each of the Controlling Shareholders has undertaken to
the Company in a deed of non-competition that, subject to and except as mentioned
in the Prospectus, it would not, and would procure their close associates (except any
member of the Group) not to, directly or indirectly (whether in the capacity of principal
or agent, whether for its own benefit or jointly with or on behalf of any person, firm or
company, whether within or outside China), commence, engage in, participate in or acquire
any business which competes or may compete directly or indirectly with the Group’s
core business of providing services for the discovery, development and manufacturing
of biologics or own any rights or interests in such business. Each of the Controlling
Shareholders has confirmed in writing to the Company of its compliance with the deed of
non-competition for disclosure in this annual report during the year ended December 31,
2018. No new business opportunity was informed by them as at December 31, 2018.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the implementation of the deed
of non-competition and are of the view that the non-competition undertakings have been
complied with by the Controlling Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2018.

Directors’ Interests in Competing Businesses

Saved as disclosed in this annual report, as at December 31, 2018, none of the Directors
or their respective associates had engaged in or had any interest in any business which
competes or may compete with the business of the Group.


                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   47
     Directors’ Report


     Directors’ Interests in Transaction, Arrangement or Contract of Significance

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract
     of significance subsisted in which a Director or an entity connected with a Director was
     materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, during or at the end of the Reporting
     Period.

     Connected Transactions

     Details on related party transactions for the year ended December 31, 2018 are set out
     in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements. Among the related party transactions,
     research and development service transactions with JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
     and testing service transactions with WuXi NextCode Genomics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. are fully
     exempted connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules; and leasing service
     transactions with WXAT Shanghai is regarded as fully exempted continuing connected
     transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of related party transactions
     which also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions not fully
     exempted under Rule 14A.73 of the Listing Rules are disclosed below.

     Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transaction

     On May 17, 2017, the Company entered into a number of non-exempt continuing
     connected transactions. These connected transactions of the Company are also related party
     transactions, which are disclosed in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements in this
     annual report.

     The table below set out the annual caps and the actual transaction amount of such
     continuing connected transactions for the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                                                                                        Actual
                                                                                                                   transaction
                                                                                                         Annual        amount
                                                                                                     cap for the        for the
                                                                                                     year ended    year ended
                                                                                                      December      December
                                                                                                       31, 2018       31, 2018
           Connected Transactions   Connected Person Description            Pricing Policy         (RMB million) (RMB million)

     1.    Testing Service Framework WuXi AppTec      Provision of certain Standard pricing                 9.00          9.00
            Agreement (Renewed and                      testing services to used by WuXi
            amended on November 23,                     the Group            AppTec for all its
            2018)                                                            customers

     2.    General Service Framework WXAT Shanghai    Provision of utility Actual utility cost              4.30            —
            Agreement (Terminated on                    billing services to with no additional
            August 23, 2018)                            the Group           margin charged

     3.    Research and Development WX MedImmune      The Group to          Service fee                   20.00          19.76
            Service Framework                          provide certain        determined
            Agreement                                  research and           through arm’s
                                                       development            length negotiation
                                                       services to WX
                                                       MedImmune

48   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                              Directors’ Report


For detailed terms of the non-exempt continuing connected transactions mentioned above,
please refer to the Prospectus.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed each of the above-mentioned
continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the transactions have been entered
into:

(1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(2)   on normal commercial terms or better; and

(3)   according to the agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
      in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

The non-exempt continuing connected transactions in relation to the General Service
Framework Agreement (as defined in the Prospectus) dated May 17, 2017 entered into
between the Company and WXAT Shanghai was terminated on August 23, 2018. The non-
exempt continuing connected transactions in relation to the Testing Service Framework
Agreement (as defined in the Prospectus) dated May 17, 2017 entered into between the
Company and WuXi AppTec was renewed for a new term of three years from January 1,
2018 to December 31, 2020 with its annual cap amended on November 23, 2018. For
details of the termination and the amendment, please refer to the Company’s announcement
made on August 23, 2018 and November 23, 2018, respectively, on the respective websites
of HKEX and the Company.

The auditor of the Company was engaged to report on the Group’s above-mentioned
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
Engagements 3000 (revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of
Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified
letter containing the conclusions in respect of the above-mentioned continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s
letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

In respect of the above-mentioned non-exempt connected transactions, the Directors also
confirmed that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.

During the Reporting Period, there was no connected transaction of the Group which has to
be disclosed in accordance with the Listing Rules, save for the foregoing.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   49
     Directors’ Report


     Risk Management

     The Company believes that risk management is essential to the Group’s efficient and
     effective operation. The Company’s management assists the Board in evaluating material
     risk exposure arising internally and externally from the Group’s business, including
     operational risks, financial risks, regulatory risks, etc. and proactively setting up appropriate
     risk management and internal control mechanism which is embedded in daily operation
     management.

     Regulatory Risk

     The biologics industry, being a division of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry
     has experienced drastic changes in recent years, including the reform in the PRC medical
     administrative departmental structure, where the National Medical Products Administration
     (NMPA) is formally set up which is under the supervision of State Administration for
     Market Regulation. In June 2018, NMPA became a member of the International Council
     for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH),
     which helps the administrative departments, the industry and research organizations to
     further implement ICH guidelines so as to participate actively in the internationalization
     process. On the international platform, the U.S. FDA published guidelines, Q&A, Manual of
     Policies and Procedures (MAPPs) for topics on data integrity, biosimilar development, rare
     diseases drug development, and regulatory meetings were organized between the agency
     and applicant to give better instructions on regulatory activities and to facilitate better
     interaction. All those domestic or international regulatory changes have or will have a far-
     reaching impact on the players of the industry. In China while government policies toward
     the pharmaceutical industry are expected to remain stable and the government is expected
     to remain committed to increasing innovation as well as overall healthcare spending which
     is in line with the “Healthy China 2030” goals set by the State Council, it is also observed
     that the companies of this industry are to comply with more stringent regulations which is
     close to international standards, the punishment becomes much stricter and more specific
     and supervision and inspection from government will become more frequent. In response
     to this, the Group sticks to the strategies of “Innovation” and “Globalization” to handle the
     constantly changing regulations. The Group has formed a dedicated Regulatory Affairs team
     which comprises professionals with years of experiences and diversified backgrounds in both
     domestic and overseas markets. The team members are responsible for actively following
     new laws, regulations and guidances published by regulatory agencies and promoting
     improvements in compliance with such laws, regulations and guidelines.




50   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                               Directors’ Report


Global Politics and Economy Uncertainty Risk

Despite the continuous global economic growth, there are still a number of uncertainties and
risks affecting the global economy, such as increasing trade tensions between the U.S. and
certain major nations, the Brexit, the fluctuation of the U.S. dollar against major currencies
around the world and the continuing geopolitical tensions creating uncertainties in the
world economy and global financial market. A slowdown in global economic growth may
lead to economic contractions in certain markets, commercial and consumer delinquencies,
weakened consumer confidence and increased market volatility. The Group has taken
actions to realize its globalization strategy, by making investments in different countries
around the world to set up development and manufacturing facilities in Ireland, Singapore
and the U.S. in a hope to complement each other’s advantage with China’s production sites.
Any adverse economic conditions in these countries may potentially impact on the Group’s
financial position or potential income, asset value and liabilities. On the other hand, it is
the first time for the Group to operate in oversea countries. The local laws and regulations,
talents hiring and retention, competition, finance and tax policies and supervisory
requirements are different from those in China, which may also increase the uncertainty of
the Group’s future operation. The Group’s management are actively seeking experienced
team in foreign operations and studying these differences to cope with the relevant risk.

Credit Risk

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause
financial loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties
is the carrying amount of the respective recognized financial assets as stated in the
consolidated statement of financial position. In order to minimize the credit risk, the
management has designated a team responsible for reviewing and monitoring the credit
exposure of customers by evaluating customers’ credit application, monitoring repayment
history, sending confirmations and initiating collection procedures to promptly recover
overdue debts. The management also monitored the fluctuation of day sales outstanding
(DSO) of trade receivables closely. In addition, the Directors reviewed the recoverability of
each significant trade debt (both trade receivables and contract assets) at the end of each
Reporting Period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable
amounts. In this regard, the Directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly
reduced.

The Board is of the view that the credit risk on time deposits, bank balances and pledged
deposits is limited because the majority of the counterparties are state-owned banks with
good reputation or banks and financial institutions with good credit rating. In addition,
to regulate the management of surplus fund, the Group has set up relevant policies and
procedures, which clearly state that no speculative transaction is allowed. Also the criteria
for evaluating the available products in the market are set in the following sequence of
priority: safety, liquidity and then returns. Other requirements like the approved list of
financial institutions, the maximum placement per transaction and the aggregate amount in
the individual financial institution are also clearly defined. With all the above, the Directors
consider the credit risk in relation to time deposits and bank balances has been significantly
reduced.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   51
     Directors’ Report


     Liquidity Risk

     The Group’s primary uses of cash are to fund working capital and capital expenditures.
     During the Reporting Period, the Group funded its cash requirements principally from cash
     generated from operations and funds raised from initial global offering and placement. The
     Group also maintains a level of unused banking facilities. By continuously monitoring the
     operating cash flow and capital expenditure needs, the Group manages the liquidity risk.

     Currency Risk

     The Group principally operates in the PRC with a major portion of the procurements being
     settled in Renminbi, which is the functional currency of the Group’s most entities. The
     Group also has certain subsidiaries in foreign operations. Foreign exchange risk arises from
     the recognized revenue and expenses, assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign
     operations. The Group’s entities are exposed to foreign exchange risk of foreign currencies
     other than their functional currencies, primarily with respect to the U.S. dollars.

     During the Reporting Period, a majority of the Group’s revenue was generated from sales
     denominated in U.S. dollar, while most of the cost of services and operation costs and
     expenses of the Group were settled in Renminbi. As a result, the Group’s margins are
     pressured when the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S. dollar. The monetary assets
     and liabilities denominated in U.S. dollar are exposed to foreign exchange risk through
     revaluation at the end of each Reporting Period, when the value of Renminbi fluctuates
     against the U.S. dollar.

     The Group seeks to limit its exposure to foreign currency risk by closely monitoring
     and minimizing its net foreign currency position. Since January 2018, the Group has
     engaged into a series of forward contracts to manage the Group’s currency risk. The hedge
     accounting is also adopted by the Group for derivatives to mitigate the impact on revenue
     due to the fluctuation in foreign currency.

     Risks related to international trade agreements, tariffs and import/export regulations

     Since 2018, more material uncertainties arose in international trade agreements, tariffs and
     import/export regulations, especially the bilateral trade between the U.S. and the PRC. The
     U.S. and the PRC government have carried out numerous rounds of negotiations. If any
     new legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if existing trade agreements are
     renegotiated, or if the U.S. or the PRC imposes additional burdens on international trade that
     negatively affect the ability of both countries to import and export goods, it may lead to a
     decline in material supply and demand of the Group’s services. We are closely monitoring
     the relevant impact.




52   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                                         Directors’ Report


Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
Shares and Debentures of the Company or its Associated Corporations

As at December 31, 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief
executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the
register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

I.   Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                Number                             Approximate
                                                              of Shares/                          percentage of
     Name of               Capacity/                          underlying          Aggregate        shareholding
     Director              Nature of interest                   Shares(1)          Interests            interest

     Dr. Ge Li             Interests of controlled       724,935,597 (L)     724,935,597 (L)            59.13%
                              corporations(2)
                           Interests of parties acting
                              in concert(3)

     Mr. Edward Hu         Beneficial owner                 1,441,500 (L)      1,441,500 (L)             0.12%

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen     Beneficial owner                   711,418 (L)     41,555,418 (L)             3.39%
                           Beneficial owner(4)                40,844,000
                                                         share options (L)

     Dr. Weichang Zhou     Beneficial owner(4)                 5,931,000       5,931,000 (L)             0.48%
                                                         share options (L)

     Notes:

     (1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares or underlying Shares.

     (2)   Dr. Ge Li controlled, directly and indirectly, the exercise of 59.37% and 100% of the voting
           power at general meetings of Biologics Holdings and G&C VII Limited, respectively. Hence,
           Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested in 676,380,917 Shares and 44,602,361 Shares held by
           Biologics Holdings and G&C VII Limited, respectively.

     (3)   Dr. Ge Li entered into an acting-in-concert agreement dated June 30, 2016 with Dr. Ning
           Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu to acknowledge and confirm their acting-
           in-concert relationship in relation to the Company. Hence, Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be
           interested in 1,778,544 Shares and 2,173,775 Shares interested by Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and
           Mr. Xiaozhong Liu, respectively.

     (4)   Interests in share options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018   53
     Directors’ Report


     II.   Interests in shares or underlying shares of the associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                 Number Approximate
                                                                              and class of   percentage
                           Name of                                           shares in the of interest in
           Name of         associated                    Capacity/Nature       associated the associated
           Director        corporation                   of interest        corporation(1)  corporation

           Dr. Ge Li       Biologics Holdings    Interests of               192,001 Class          59.37%
                                                  controlled                   A ordinary
                                                  corporations                 shares (L)(2)
                           Life Science Holdings Interests of                 65,393,491           18.44%
                                                  controlled                     ordinary
                                                  corporations                 shares (L)(3)

           Notes:

           (1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the shares.

           (2)   Dr. Ge Li controlled, directly and indirectly, the exercise of 59.37% of the voting power at
                 the general meetings of Biologics Holdings.

           (3)   Dr. Ge Li controlled, directly and indirectly, the exercise of 10.06% and 8.38% of the
                 voting power at the general meetings of Life Science Holdings through G&C IV Limited and
                 Shanghai Xiaozhong Investment Center (Limited Partnership), respectively.

           Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2018, so far as it was known to the
           Directors or chief executive of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
           of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and
           debentures of the Company or its associated corporations as recorded in the register
           required to be kept, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or as otherwise notified to the
           Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




54   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                                Directors’ Report


Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying
Shares of the Company

As at December 31, 2018, so far as it was known to the Directors or chief executive of
the Company, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the
Company) had interests and/or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.

Interests in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                        Number Approximate
                                                                      of Shares/ percentage of
                                                                      underlying shareholding
Name of Shareholder        Capacity/Nature of interest                  Shares(1)     interest

Dr. Ge Li                  Interests of controlled              724,935,597 (L)            59.13%
                             corporations(2)
                           Interests of parties acting in
                             concert(4)

Dr. Ning Zhao              Interests of spouse(3)               724,935,597 (L)            59.13%
                           Interests of parties acting in
                             concert(4)

Mr. Zhaohui Zhang          Interests of controlled              724,935,597 (L)            59.13%
                             corporations(5)
                           Interests of parties acting in
                             concert(4)

Mr. Xiaozhong Liu          Interests of controlled              724,935,597 (L)            59.13%
                             corporations(6)
                           Interests of parties acting in
                             concert(4)

Life Science Holdings      Interests of controlled              676,380,917 (L)            55.17%
                             corporations(7)

Life Science Limited       Interests of controlled              676,380,917 (L)            55.17%
                             corporations(7)

WuXi PharmaTech            Interests of controlled              676,380,917 (L)            55.17%
                             corporations(7)

Biologics Holdings         Beneficial owner(7)                  676,380,917 (L)            55.17%

JPMorgan Chase & Co.       Interests of controlled               61,683,390 (L)              5.03%
                             corporations(8)                      4,091,618 (S)              0.33%
                                                                35,811,448 (LP)              2.92%




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   55
     Directors’ Report


     Notes:

     (1)   The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares; the letter “S” denotes the person’s
           short position in the Shares; and the letter “LP” denotes the person’s lending pool in Shares.

     (2)   Dr. Ge Li controlled, directly and indirectly, the exercise of 59.37% and 100% of the voting
           power at the general meetings of Biologics Holdings and G&C VII Limited, respectively. Hence,
           Dr. Ge Li is deemed to be interested in 676,380,917 Shares and 44,602,361 Shares held by
           Biologics Holdings and G&C VII Limited, respectively.

     (3)   Dr. Ning Zhao is the spouse of Dr. Ge Li and is deemed to be interested in the Shares interested
           by Dr. Ge Li.

     (4)   Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu entered into an acting-
           in-concert agreement on June 30, 2016 to acknowledge and confirm their acting-in-concert
           relationship in relation to the Company. Hence, Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Zhaohui Zhang
           and Mr. Xiaozhong Liu are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each other.

     (5)   Mr. Zhaohui Zhang wholly owned i-growth Ltd, which held 1,778,544 Shares. Thus, Mr. Zhaohui
           Zhang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by i-growth Ltd.

     (6)   Mr. Xiaozhong Liu wholly owned I-Invest World Ltd, which held 2,173,775 Shares. Thus, Mr.
           Xiaozhong Liu is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by I-Invest World Ltd.

     (7)   Life Science Holdings wholly owned Life Science Limited, which wholly owned WuXi
           PharmaTech, which in turn controlled 40.63% of the voting power at general meetings of
           Biologics Holdings. Biologics Holdings directly owned 676,380,917 Shares. Life Science
           Holdings, Life Science Limited and WuXi PharmaTech are deemed to be interested in the Shares
           held by Biologics Holdings.

     (8)   The Shares held by JPMorgan Chase & Co. were held via different entities in the following
           capacities:

           No. of Shares(1)            Capacity


           7,417,942 (L)               Interests of controlled corporations
           4,091,618 (S)
           17,645,000 (L)              Investment manager
           806,500 (L)                 Person having a security interest in shares
           2,500 (L)                   Trustee
           35,811,448 (L)              Approved lending agent

     Controlling Shareholders’ Interests in Contract of Significance

     Save as disclosed in this annual report, no Controlling Shareholders or their subsidiaries
     had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance, whether
     for the provision of services or otherwise, to the Group to which the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.




56   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                                                  Directors’ Report


Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

The Company adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme pursuant to the resolutions of its
Shareholders passed on January 5, 2016, which was subsequently amended on August 10,
2016 pursuant to the resolutions of the Board.

The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to attract, retain and motivate
employees, Directors and such other participants of the Group, to provide a means of
compensating them through the grant of options under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme for
their contribution to the growth and profits of the Group, and to allow them to participate in
the growth and profitability of the Group. Participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
include (a) any employee (whether full-time or part-time) of the Company or its subsidiaries,
including any executive Director, (b) any non-executive Director or independent non-
executive Director of the Company appointed or proposed to be appointed prior to the
Listing Date, or any director of any of the subsidiaries, and (c) any other person who in
the sole opinion of the Board, will contribute or have contributed to the Group. No further
option would be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on or after the Listing
Date.

The table below shows details of the share options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                                                           Number of Share Options
                                               Outstanding      Granted     Exercised     Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding
                                                      as at   during the   during the     during the   during the       as at
                                                January 1,    Reporting    Reporting      Reporting    Reporting December 31,
Category of Participants   Date of Grant             2018         Period       Period         Period       Period       2018


Directors
Dr. Zhisheng Chen          January 7, 2016      35,000,000           —            —              —           —     35,000,000
                           March 15, 2017        5,844,000           —            —              —           —      5,844,000
                                                40,844,000           —            —              —           —     40,844,000

Dr. Weichang Zhou          January 7, 2016       5,750,000           —       650,000             —           —      5,100,000
                           March 15, 2017          831,000           —            —              —           —        831,000
                                                 6,581,000           —       650,000             —           —      5,931,000
Sub-total                                       47,425,000           —       650,000             —           —     46,775,000

Employees in aggregate
230 employees              January 7, 2016      40,531,882           —     4,345,983             —      173,640    36,012,259
24 employees               March 28, 2016        1,414,750           —       102,475             —       36,000     1,276,275
102 employees              August 10, 2016       5,570,313           —       470,275             —       93,600     5,006,438
92 employees               November 11, 2016     5,575,000           —       307,600             —      235,400     5,032,000
321 employees              March 15, 2017       13,373,000           —            —              —      200,500    13,172,500
74 employees               May 12, 2017          3,758,000           —            —              —       40,000     3,718,000
Sub-total                                       70,222,945           —     5,226,333             —      779,140    64,217,472

Total                                          117,647,945           —     5,876,333             —      779,140   110,992,472




                                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.       Annual Report 2018     57
     Directors’ Report


     In respect of the share options exercised during the Reporting Period, the weighted average
     closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were
     exercised was HK$ 64.48.

     In accordance with Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the total number of Shares issued and
     to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant (including exercised,
     cancelled and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
     Shares in issue. The exercise price was determined by the Board, as it thought fit taking into
     account a participant’s contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

     The options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall be exercisable during
     a period from the vesting date of the option until the expiry of ten years from the date of
     the grant of the option. Details of the terms and movement of the options granted during
     the Reporting Period and the impact of options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme on the financial statements are set out in the Prospectus and under note 37 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Restricted Share Award Scheme

     The Company has also adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme on January 15, 2018 to
     (i) recognize the contributions by Selected Participants; (ii) encourage, motivate and retain
     the Selected Participants, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual operation,
     development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii) provide additional incentive
     for the Selected Participants to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the
     objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the Selected
     Participants to the shareholders of the Company through ownership of Shares. The Restricted
     Share Award Scheme became effective on January 15, 2018. Subject to earlier termination
     by the Board, the Restricted Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period
     of 10 years from the adoption date. The maximum number of shares which can be awarded
     under the Restricted Share Award Scheme and to a Selected Participant are limited to 3%
     (i.e. 34,953,032 Shares) of the issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption date.

     The Company shall comply with the relevant Listing Rules when granting the Restricted
     Shares. If awards are made to the directors or substantial shareholders of the Group, such
     awards shall constitute connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and the
     Company shall comply with the relevant requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The table below shows details of the Restricted Shares granted under the Restricted Share
     Award Scheme during the Reporting Period:

                                                                                Number of Restricted Shares
                                                  Outstanding      Granted       Vested       Forfeited Outstanding
                                                         as at   during the   during the     during the        as at
                                                   January 1,    Reporting    Reporting      Reporting December 31,
     Category of Participants Date of Grant             2018         Period       Period         Period       2018        Vesting Period


     Employees in aggregate
     259 employees            January 15, 2018             —     3,122,240           —         343,580        2,778,660   5 years
     540 employees            March 20, 2018               —     1,846,677           —          95,794        1,750,883   5 years
     170 employees            June 13, 2018                —       784,946           —          43,244          741,702   5 years
     202 employees            August 21, 2018              —     1,339,787           —          13,727        1,326,060   5 years
     124 employees            November 20, 2018            —     1,026,230           —           4,859        1,021,371   5 years
     Total                                                       8,119,880                     501,204        7,618,676




58   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.             Annual Report 2018
                                                              Directors’ Report


Details of the purpose and terms of the Restricted Shares granted during the Reporting Period
are set out in the Company’s announcements dated January 15, 2018 and January 18, 2018
and under note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

Major Customers and Suppliers

Major Customers

For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group’s sales to its five largest customers
accounted for 31.4%, as compared to 39.9% of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended
December 31, 2017, and the Group’s sales to the largest customer accounted for 11.1%, as
compared to 11.9% of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2017.

Major Suppliers

For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
64.9%, as compared to 70.2% of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended December
31, 2017, and the Group’s single largest supplier accounted for 21.2%, as compared to
27.0% of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended December 31, 2017.

During the year ended December 31, 2018, none of the Directors or any of their close
associates or any Shareholders (which, to the knowledge of the Directors, own more than
5% of the number of issued shares of the Company) had any interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers.

Management Contracts

During the Reporting Period, the Company has not entered into any contract with any
individuals, firm or body corporate to manage or administer the whole or any substantial
part of any business of the Group.

Directors’ Permitted Indemnity Provision

Each Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto in accordance
with the Articles of Association.

Results and Dividends

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 143 to 144 of this annual
report. The Board does not recommended any payment of final dividend for the year ended
December 31, 2018.

Share Capital

Details of movements in share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set
out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are
set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 40 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   59
     Directors’ Report


     Details of the Company’s reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders as at
     December 31, 2018 are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements in this
     annual report.

     Donations

     During the Reporting Period, charitable and other donations made by the Group amounted
     to RMB198,000 (2017: RMB50,000).

     Property, Plant and Equipment

     Details of movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting
     Period are set out in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

     Use of Proceeds from Listing

     The total proceeds from the issue of new Shares by the Company in its Listing (after
     deducting the underwriting fees and related expenses) amounted to approximately
     RMB3,437.8 million (1) , and the balance of unutilized net proceeds of approximately
     RMB741.9 million was kept at the bank accounts of the Group as at December 31, 2018.

     The net proceeds from the Listing (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net
     proceeds) have been and will be utilized in accordance with the purposes set out in the
     Prospectus. The table below sets out the planned applications of the net proceeds and actual
     usage up to December 31, 2018:

                                                                                          Actual Unutilized net
                                                                      Percentage     usage up to proceeds as at
                                                        Planned       of total net December 31, December 31,
     Use of proceeds                                applications        proceeds           2018           2018
                                                  (RMB million)                    (RMB million) (RMB million)

     To repay all of the Group’s outstanding
        bank facilities                                   1,238.6           37%         1,238.6             —
     To construct new facilities and existing
        facility improvement and maintenance              1,739.7           52%         1,178.7          561.0
     For the Group’s working capital and
        other general corporate purposes                    275.9            8%            95.0          180.9
     To improve and maintain the Group’s
        existing facilities                                 113.7            3%           113.7             —

     Total                                               3,367.9(1)        100%         2,626.0          741.9




60   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                                     Directors’ Report


Note:

(1)     It included approximately RMB69.9 million which forms part of the Listing expenses payable
        settled after the receipt of IPO proceeds. By excluding this portion, the net proceeds planned for
        applications amount to approximately RMB3,367.9 million.

Use of Proceeds from Placing

On March 21, 2018, the Company entered into a placing agreement with Morgan Stanley
& Co. International plc (the “Placing Agent”), pursuant to which the Placing Agent agreed
to place 57,000,000 shares (or, failing which, to purchase itself as principal) on a fully
underwritten basis to not less than six independent investors (the “Placing”). The Placing
price was HK$70.00 per share.

The net proceeds from the Placing were approximately RMB3,186.7 million, which
have been and will be used for the future expansion of the Group, including the capital
requirements to increase its laboratory and manufacturing capacity, as disclosed in the
announcement of the Company dated March 22, 2018. During the Reporting Period, the
proceeds used to construct new facilities was approximately RMB409.8 million. The balance
of the unutilized net proceeds as at December 31, 2018 was approximately RMB2,776.9
million.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company

During the year ended December 31, 2018, neither the Company nor any other subsidiary
had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

Equity-Linked Agreements

Save for the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme as disclosed on pages 57 to 58 of this annual
report, no equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company, or existed during the
Reporting Period.

AGM and Closure of Register of Members

The AGM of the Company will be held on Wednesday, June 5, 2019. A notice convening
the AGM will be published and despatched to the Shareholders in due course in accordance
with the requirements of the Listing Rules.

For determining the qualification as shareholders of the Company to attend and vote at
the AGM, the register of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, May 31,
2019 to Wednesday, June 5, 2019, both dates inclusive, during which period no transfer
of Shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all
transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the
Company’s Hong Kong branch share registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at Level 22,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30
p.m. on Thursday, May 30, 2019.




                                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   61
     Directors’ Report


     Corporate Governance

     A report on the principle corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out
     in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 63 to 79 of this annual report.

     Sufficiency of Public Float

     Based on information that is publicly available and within the knowledge of the Directors,
     the Company maintained the prescribed public float as required under the Listing Rules from
     the Listing Date to the date of this annual report.

     Tax Relief and Exemption

     The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by
     reason of their holding of the Company’s listed securities.

     Pre-emptive Rights

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the
     relevant laws of the Cayman Islands where the Company is incorporated which would oblige
     the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

     Auditor

     The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor of the Company
     for the year ended December 31, 2018. A resolution will be proposed for approval by
     Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM to re-appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the auditor
     of the Company.

     On behalf of the Board




     Dr. Ge Li
     Chairman
     Hong Kong, March 18, 2019




62   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                     Corporate Governance Report


The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report for the year ended
December 31, 2018.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a
framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of shareholders, enhance corporate
value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and
accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions of the CG Code contained
in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules as the basis of the Company’s corporate governance
practices.

The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions
as set out in the CG Code throughout the Reporting Period. The Board will review the
corporate governance structure and practices from time to time and shall make necessary
arrangements when the Board considers appropriate.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Written Guidelines on terms no less exacting than the Model
Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding
securities transactions by the Directors.

Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and the Directors have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code and the Written Guidelines throughout the
Reporting Period. On February 22, 2019, the Company received a letter from Mr. William
Robert Keller (“Mr. Keller”), an independent non-executive Director that on February 1,
2019, Mr. Keller purchased 5,500 Shares at the price of HK$69.45 per Share, although Mr.
Keller, as the Director, was prohibited from dealing with the securities of the Company
during the black-out period (being the period from January 17, 2019 up to the publication
date of the annual results announcement for the year ended December 31, 2018). Mr. Keller
explained to the Company that such mistake was made out of an inadvertent oversight.
Upon realizing the mistake himself, Mr. Keller immediately sold 5,500 Shares at the price
of HK$73.80 per Share on March 1, 2019. Mr. Keller has donated the gain of approximately
HK$23,925 made as a result of the transactions to Hong Kong Red Cross on the same date.
It is confirmed that there was no inside information provided to Mr. Keller and he did not
possess any inside information at the time of both purchase and selling down. Mr. Keller
voluntarily reported to the Company for his breach of Rules A.3 and B.8 of the Model
Code in relation to this incident. In view of this incident and in order to ensure strict
compliance of the Listing Rules and enhance corporate governance measures, the Company
will remind all Directors as to their respective obligations under the Listing Rules in all
aspects, including but not limited to the restrictions in dealing with Company’s securities. In
addition, refresher course as to the Listing Rules and corporate governance will be provided
to Mr. Keller as appropriate.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   63
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Company has also established the Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Employees
     (the “Employees’ Written Guidelines”) on terms no less exacting than the Model Code for
     securities transactions by employees who are likely to be in possession of inside information
     of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the Employees’ Written Guidelines by
     the employees was noted by the Company.

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Board oversees the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and performance and should
     take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.

     The Board should regularly review the contribution required of a Director to perform his
     responsibilities to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time in
     performing them.

     The Board of the Company currently comprises the following Directors:

     Executive Directors

     Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Chief Executive Officer)
     Dr. Weichang Zhou (Chief Technology Officer)

     Non-executive Directors

     Dr. Ge Li (Chairman)
     Mr. Edward Hu
     Mr. Yibing Wu
     Mr. Yanling Cao

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. William Robert Keller
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk
     Mr. Wo Felix Fong

     The biographical information of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors
     and Senior Management” on pages 35 to 40 of this annual report.

     The Directors do not have financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships
     with one another.




64   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                   Corporate Governance Report


Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records

Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active
participation, either in person or through electronic means of communication, of a majority
of Directors.

Apart from regular Board meetings, the Chairman also held four meetings with the Non-
executive Directors (including Independent Non-executive Directors) without the presence
of Executive Directors during the Reporting Period. Code provision A.2.7 of the CG Code
has been revised to require that the Chairman of the Board should at least annually hold
meetings with independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other directors.
Arrangements have been made for compliance with the revised code provision which took
effect from January 1, 2019.

During the Reporting Period, the Board held seven meetings and the Directors’ attendance
records are as follows:

Name of Directors                                                                   Attendance

Dr. Ge Li                                                                                    7/7
Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                            7/7
Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                                            7/7
Mr. Edward Hu                                                                                7/7
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                                6/7
Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                              6/7
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                                    7/7
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                                    7/7
Mr. Wo Felix Fong                                                                            6/7

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Dr. Ge Li and Dr.
Zhisheng Chen respectively. The Chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the
effective functioning and leadership of the Board as well as provides overall guidance on
the business, strategy and corporate development of the Group. The Chief Executive Officer
focuses on the overall management of the business, strategy and corporate development of
the Group.

Independent Non-executive Directors

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing
Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors
representing one-third of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-
executive Directors in respect of his independence in accordance with the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all
independent non-executive Directors are independent.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   65
     Corporate Governance Report


     Appointment and Re-election of Directors

     Each of the Directors is engaged on a service contract (in the case of the executive Directors)
     or a letter of appointment (in the case of the non-executive Directors and independent non-
     executive Directors) for a specific term of three years, which is renewable by mutual consent
     and subject to the Articles of Association of the Company.

     Every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement
     and re-election by rotation at least once every three years at the annual general meetings of
     the Company under the Articles of Association of the Company.

     The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a
     casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall be subject to election by shareholders at
     the next following general meeting of the Company.

     Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management

     The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is
     collectively responsible for directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.

     The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to
     management by laying down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the
     Group’s operational and financial performance, and ensures that sound internal control and
     risk management systems are in place.

     All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
     Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and
     professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.

     The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of
     regulatory reporting of the Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing
     effective independent judgment on corporate actions and operations.

     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may,
     upon request, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the
     Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and
     budgets, internal control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that
     may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of directors and other
     significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities relating to implementing
     decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of
     the Company are delegated to the management.




66   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                        Corporate Governance Report


Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively
perform their responsibilities and to ensure that they remain informed and relevant for their
contribution to the Board.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction
on the first occasion of his appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business
and operations of the Company and full awareness of Director’s responsibilities and
obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Besides, meetings
with senior management of the Company will also be arranged.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop
and refresh their knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would
be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be provided to Directors
where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the
Company’s expenses.

During the Reporting Period, the Company organized training sessions conducted by the
legal advisers and compliance consultants for all Directors. The training sessions covered a
wide range of relevant topics including Directors’ duties and responsibilities and CG Code,
notifiable transactions, disclosure of inside information, and introduction to Cash Company
and PFIC/Investment Company Issues etc. In addition, relevant reading materials including
legal and regulatory updates have been provided to the directors for their reference and
studying.

The training records of the Directors for the Reporting Period are summarized as follows:

Directors                                                                       Type of Training Note

Executive Directors
Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                               A&B
Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                                               A&B

Non-executive Directors
Dr. Ge Li                                                                                       A&B
Mr. Edward Hu                                                                                   A&B
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                                   A&B
Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                                 A&B

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                                       A&B
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                                       A&B
Mr. Wo Felix Fong                                                                               A&B

Note:

Types of Training
A:   Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and/or
     workshops
B:   Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and/or relevant publications


                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   67
     Corporate Governance Report


     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established four committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration
     Committee, Nomination Committee and Strategy Committee for overseeing particular aspects
     of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are established with specific
     written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of
     reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are
     posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX and are available to shareholders upon
     request.

     Audit Committee

     The Audit Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors and one non-
     executive Director, namely Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk, Mr. William Robert Keller and Mr.
     Edward Hu, with Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk as its chairman.

     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those
     set out in the CG Code. The main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board
     in reviewing the Company’s financial information, overseeing the Company’s financial
     reporting system, risk management and internal control systems, reviewing and monitoring
     the effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of audit and appointment of external
     auditors, reviewing the arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns
     about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the
     Company.

     The Audit Committee is also responsible for performing the functions set out in code
     provision D.3.1 of the CG Code. These include developing and reviewing the Company’s
     policies and practices on corporate governance and making recommendations to the
     Board; reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of
     directors and senior management of the Company; reviewing and monitoring the Company’s
     policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; developing,
     reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable
     to employees and directors of the Company; and reviewing the Company’s compliance with
     the CG Code from time to time adopted by the Company and the disclosure in the corporate
     governance report to be contained in the Company’s annual report.

     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held four meetings to review and consider
     annual financial results and report, Corporate Governance Report and Environmental,
     Social and Governance Report in respect of the year ended December 31, 2017, the interim
     financial results and report in respect of the six months ended June 30, 2018, and significant
     issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance controls, the effectiveness of
     the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function, appointment
     of external auditors and engagement of non-audit services and relevant scope of works,
     connected transactions, review and consider the reported case and investigation progress
     in accordance with the Whistleblowing & Investigation Policy, and evaluate and assess the
     adequacy of the terms of reference of the Audit Committee.

     The Audit Committee also met the external auditors once during the Reporting Period
     without the presence of the executive Directors and the management.




68   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                   Corporate Governance Report


The attendance records of the members of the Audit Committee are as follows:

Name of Members of the Audit Committee                                             Attendance

Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                                   4/4
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                                   4/4
Mr. Edward Hu                                                                               4/4

Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee consists of two independent non-executive Directors and
one non-executive Director, namely Mr. William Robert Keller, Mr. Wo Felix Fong and Mr.
Edward Hu, with Mr. William Robert Keller as its chairman.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than
those set out in the CG Code. The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include
making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive
directors and senior management, the remuneration policy and structure for all directors
and senior management, establishing a formal and transparent procedure for developing
remuneration policy and ensuring that no Director or any of his associates is involved in
deciding his own remuneration.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held four meetings to review
and make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure of the
Company, the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior management
and the hiring and departure of the Company’s senior/key staff, evaluate and assess the
adequacy of the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee and other related matters
as well as consider and make recommendation to the Board on key terms of the new service
contracts entered with the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management and the
grant of restricted shares under the restricted share award scheme.

Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code, details of the remuneration of the senior
management (other than Directors) by bands for the year ended December 31, 2018 is as
follows:

                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                  employee(s)

RMB5,000,001 to RMB5,500,000                                                                   1
RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                   1
RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                   1
RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000                                                                   1
RMB2,000,001 to RMB2,500,000                                                                   1

The attendance records of the members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

Name of Members of the Remuneration Committee                                      Attendance

Mr. William Robert Keller                                                                   4/4
Mr. Wo Felix Fong                                                                           4/4
Mr. Edward Hu                                                                               4/4

                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   69
     Corporate Governance Report


     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee consists of one non-executive Director and two independent
     non-executive Directors, namely Dr. Ge Li, Mr. William Robert Keller and Mr. Teh-Ming
     Walter Kwauk, with Dr. Ge Li as its chairman.

     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms
     than those set out in the CG Code. The principal duties of the Nomination Committee
     include reviewing the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge
     and experience) of the Board, identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board
     members and selecting or making recommendation to the Board on the selection of
     individuals nominated for directorship, making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment or reappointment and succession planning of Directors, and assessing the
     independence of independent non-executive Directors.

     In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account
     various aspects as well as factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s
     Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would discuss and agree on measurable
     objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to
     the Board for adoption.

     In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee
     would consider the candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy
     that are necessary to complement the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where
     appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.

     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met once to review the structure,
     size and composition of the Board, to consider the qualifications of the retiring directors
     standing for election at the 2018 annual general meeting and evaluate and assess the
     adequacy of the terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

     The attendance records of the members of the Nomination Committee are as follows:

     Name of Members of the Nomination Committee                                     Attendance

     Dr. Ge Li                                                                               1/1
     Mr. William Robert Keller                                                               1/1
     Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                               1/1




70   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                    Corporate Governance Report


Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve
diversity on the Board and is available on the website of the Company. The Company
recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity
at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive
advantage.

In accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, a truly diverse Board will include and make
good use of differences in the skills, regional and industry experience, background, race,
gender and other qualities of directors. These differences will be taken into account in
determining the optimum composition of the Board. All Board appointments will be based
on merit while taking into account diversity (including gender diversity).

The Company aims to build and maintain a Board with a diversity of Directors, in terms
of skills, professional experience, educational background, knowledge, expertise, culture,
independence, age and gender.

The Board will consider setting measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity
Policy and review such objectives from time to time to ensure their appropriateness and
ascertain the progress made towards achieving those objectives.

At present, the Nomination Committee considered that the Board is sufficiently diverse and
the Board has not set any measurable objectives.

The Nomination Committee will report annually, in the corporate governance report
contained in the Company’s annual report, on the Board’s composition under diversified
perspectives, and monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy.

The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure
its effectiveness. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required,
and recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   71
     Corporate Governance Report


     The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board as at December 31, 2018:


         Number of Directors

         9

         8       Independent
                     non-                           65-74
                   executive
         7         directors                                 6-9 years    Ph.D. degree
                                                                                          Pharmaceutical
         6

         5                                          55-64
                                                                           Juris Doctor
                    Non-             Male                                     degree
         4        executive
                  directors                                                Licentiate's
                                                                             degree
         3                                                                                  Investment
                                                    45-54     0-3 years     Master's
                                                                            degree
         2
                                                                                           Finance &
                                                                                           Accounting
                  Executive                                                Bachelor's
         1        directors                                                 degree
                                                   35-44                                       Law
         0
                Designation         Gender       Age Group   Length of    Educational      Industry
                                                              Service     Background      Experience


     Director Nomination Policy

     The Board has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the approach to guide
     the Nomination Committee in relation to the selection, appointment and re-appointment of
     the Directors and ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience, knowledge and
     diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for the selection of a proposed
     candidate, including but not limited to the following:

     •       Diversity required for the operation of the Company;

     •       Commitment for responsibilities of the Board in respect of available time and relevant
             interest;

     •       Skills, qualification and experiences;

     •       Independence from the Company and its subsidiaries;

     •       Reputation for integrity;




72   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.     Annual Report 2018
                                    Corporate Governance Report


•   Potential contributions that the individual(s) can bring to the Board; and

•   Plan(s) in place for the orderly succession of the Board.

The Director Nomination Policy also sets out the criteria for evaluation and recommendation
to the Board on the re-appointment of retiring Director(s) and the position(s) of the
independent non-executive Directors, and the process and procedures for the nomination of
Directors.

During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the composition of the Board.

The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to
ensure its effectiveness.

Strategy Committee

The Strategy Committee consists of one executive Director and two non-executive Directors,
namely Dr. Zhisheng Chen, Dr. Ge Li and Mr. Yibing Wu, with Dr. Zhisheng Chen as its
chairman.

The principal duties of the Strategy Committee include conducting research and making
recommendations to the Board on the Group’s mid-term and long-term strategies and their
feasibility, conducting research and making recommendations to the Board on the Group’s
investment plans, major business decisions and investment earnings forecast and evaluating
and monitoring the implementation of the strategy, plans and measures adopted by the
Strategy Committee.

During the Reporting Period, the Strategy Committee met once to review and consider the
implementation of the “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy, global footprint and mergers and
acquisitions strategy of the Company.

The attendance records of the members of the Strategy Committee are as follows:

Name of Members of the Strategy Committee                                            Attendance

Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                             1/1
Dr. Ge Li                                                                                     1/1
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                                 1/1




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   73
     Corporate Governance Report


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control
     systems and reviewing their effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than
     eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable
     but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent
     of the risks it is willing to take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and establishing
     and maintaining appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems.

     The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing the
     design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.

     The Company has developed its risk management policy to:

     •     Support effective decision-making that is guided by the Group’s mission and vision;

     •     Ensure a consistent and effective approach to risk management;

     •     Formalize its commitment to the principles of risk management and incorporate them
           into all areas of the Group;

     •     Foster and encourage a risk-aware culture where risk management is seen as a positive
           attribute of decision-making rather than a corrective measure;

     •     Align the Group’s planning, compliance and risk management systems, and their
           integration into all areas of the Group’s operations; and

     •     Ensure robust operational and corporate governance practices to effectively manage risk
           while allowing innovation and sustainable growth.

     The Company is committed to excellence and continual improvement, and will continue
     to encourage innovation while maintaining a low-risk profile. Employees are encouraged
     to adopt a positive approach to risk management, which further strengthens the risk-aware
     culture (as opposed to risk-adverse culture) of the Group.

     Risk management is incorporated into the strategic and operational processes at all levels
     within the Group in order to minimize the impact of risk.

     Opportunities and risks are identified and are proactively assessed and monitored by
     employees on an on-going basis.

     The Group’s approach to risk management, is aligned with COSO Enterprise Risk
     Management Framework-Aligning Risk with Strategy and Performance.




74   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                     Corporate Governance Report


In order to formalize risk management across the Group and in order to set a common level
of transparency and risk management performance, a number of requirements have been
defined for the business units. Divisions, business units and group functions of the Group are
obliged to address the following requirements with regard to risk management:

•    Develop and review, at least annually, a statement on the risk tolerance of the Group;

•    Conduct a formalized risk assessment at least annually either in the form of risk
     assessment questionnaire or risk assessment workshop, which is to include the
     identification, prioritization, measurement and categorization of all key risks that could
     potentially affect the Company’s objectives;

•    Report annually on the key risks as identified in the Group’s risk reporting formats;

•    Continuously monitor key risks and controls and implement appropriate risk responses
     where necessary;

•    Formalize responsibilities for managing risk and for sustaining the Group’s risk
     management framework;

•    Monitor and review the application of the risk management framework.

The internal control system of the Group is built up on a clear organization structure and
management duties, a set of standardized policies and procedures, a sound accounting
system, continuing training to employees, and independent review and oversight of
operation and financial results by internal audit department of the Company (the “Internal
Audit Department”). The Company has formulated code of conduct for all employees which
ensures their ethical value and competency. The Company attaches great importance to
the prevention of fraud and has formulated its internal reporting system, which encourages
anonymous reporting of situations where internal employees or external customers and
suppliers have breached the rules. The Company has set up the policy regulating the
handling and dissemination of inside information, which has clearly defined the scope of
inside information, the roles and responsibilities, the reporting and disclosure requirements,
the registration of insiders and confidentiality management. It has also clearly regulated
the punishment if the policy is violated. The Company has adopted Written Guidelines and
Employees’ Written Guidelines for security transactions.

The Internal Audit Department plays a vital role in supporting the Board and the
management with the risk management and internal control systems. The functions of the
Internal Audit Department are independent of the Company’s business operations, and play
an important role in the monitoring of the Group’s internal management. The Internal Audit
Department is responsible for internal controls assessment of the Group at least annually,
and provides an objective assurance to the Audit Committee and the Board that the risk
management and internal control systems are maintained and operated by the management
in compliance with agreed processes and standards on a risk-based approach.

The Internal Audit Department regularly reports the internal audit results to the Audit
Committee on a quarterly basis per year, which are then reported to the Board through the
Audit Committee.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   75
     Corporate Governance Report


     The Internal Audit Department is also responsible for performing independent review of
     the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems. The
     Board has reviewed the effectiveness of the internal audit function and the review result is
     satisfactory.

     The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness
     of the risk management and internal control systems for the Reporting Period. The Board, as
     supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit
     findings, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems of the Group, including
     the financial, operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered
     that such systems are effective and adequate. The annual review also covered the financial
     reporting and staff qualifications, experience and relevant resources.

     Arrangements are in place to facilitate employees of the Group to raise, in confidence,
     concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters
     of the Group.

     The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the
     Directors, officers, senior management and relevant employees in handling confidential
     information, monitoring information disclosure and responding to enquiries.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the
     Company for the year ended December 31, 2018.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions
     that may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the independent auditors of the Company about their reporting
     responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on
     pages 141 to 142 of this annual report.




76   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                     Corporate Governance Report


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in
respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2018 is set
out below:

Service Category                                                              Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                       RMB’000

Audit Services                                                                             4,591
Non-audit Services
 — ESG Report Consulting Service                                                              240
 — Others                                                                                      —

TOTAL                                                                                      4,831


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

Mr. Huang Yue and Ms. Cheng Pik Yuk are the joint company secretaries of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, Mr. Yong Tong resigned as a joint company secretary on
November 20, 2018 due to internal re-designation of job functions and Mr. Huang Yue was
appointed as a joint company secretary on November 20, 2018.

Ms. Cheng Pik Yuk is a director of Tricor Services Limited, a global professional services
provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. The primary
contact person at the Company is Ms. Christine Shaohua Lu-Wong, the chief financial officer
and Mr. Huang Yue, joint company secretary of the Company and the Senior Director of the
Secretary Office to the Board.

The joint company secretaries attended sufficient professional training as required under the
Listing Rules for the year ended December 31, 2018 to update their skills and knowledge.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for
each substantially separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual
Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to
the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and HKEX
after each general meeting.

Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting

Pursuant to article 12.3 of the Articles of Association of the Company, extraordinary general
meetings shall also be convened on the written requisition of any two or more members,
or by any one member which is a recognized clearing house (or its nominee), deposited
at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong specifying the objects of the meeting
and signed by the requisitionist(s), provided that such requisitionist(s) held as at the date
of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
which carries the right of voting at general meetings of the Company.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   77
     Corporate Governance Report


     Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

     There are no provisions in the Company’s Articles of Association or the Cayman Islands
     Companies Law for shareholders to move new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders
     who wish to move a resolution may request the Company to convene a general meeting in
     accordance with the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph. As regards proposing
     a person for election as a director of the Company, please refer to the “Procedures for
     Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company which is posted
     on the Company’s website.

     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, shareholders may send
     written enquiries to the Company. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or
     anonymous enquiries.

     Contact Details

     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

     Address:       46#, 299 Fute Zhong Road, Waigaoqiao
                    China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                    Shanghai 200131, China
                    (For the attention of the Investor Relations Senior Director)
     Fax:           86 (21) 50461000
     Email:         ir@wuxibiologics.com

     For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed
     written requisition, notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address
     and provide their full name, contact details and identification in order to give effect thereto.
     Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

     The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential
     for enhancing investor relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business
     performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue
     with shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general
     meetings. At the annual general meeting, directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are
     available to meet shareholders and answer their enquiries.




78   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                     Corporate Governance Report


The attendance records of Directors at the annual general meeting held during the Reporting
Period are as follows:

Name of Directors                                                                    Attendance

Dr. Ge Li                                                                                     1/1
Dr. Zhisheng Chen                                                                             1/1
Dr. Weichang Zhou                                                                             1/1
Mr. Edward Hu                                                                                 1/1
Mr. Yibing Wu                                                                                 0/1
Mr. Yanling Cao                                                                               0/1
Mr. William Robert Keller                                                                     1/1
Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk                                                                     1/1
Mr. Wo Felix Fong                                                                             1/1

The Company maintains a website at www.wuxibiologics.com.cn as a communication
platform with shareholders of the Company and investors, where the financial information
and other relevant information of the Company are available for public access.

Constitutional Documents

During the Reporting Period, the Company has not made any changes to its Memorandum
and Articles of Association. An up–to-date version of the Company’s Memorandum and
Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the Company and HKEX.

Policies relating to Shareholders

The Company has in place a shareholders’ communication policy to ensure that
shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed. The policy is regularly
reviewed to ensure its effectiveness.

The Company has adopted a policy on payment of dividends which aims to set out the
principles and guidelines that the Company intends to apply in relation to the declaration
and payment of dividends pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code that has become
effective from January 1, 2019.

On March 18, 2019, the Board has adopted a dividend policy, retroactive to January 1,
2019, in which the Company may declare dividends in any currency in general meeting
but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board, subject to the
Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and the Memorandum and Articles of Association of
the Company. Based on the draft financial results for the Reporting Period and the current
cash flow and working capital projections, the Board believes that it will not be advisable to
make a distribution for the Reporting Period and the following two years, given considerable
requirements of capital expenditure for business expansion. The Board will continue to
review its financial position from time to time, and decide whether it would be in the
interest of the Company and its shareholders to make any distribution.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   79
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Contents

     About the report

     Company Background
        Business and culture
        Company history
        2018 milestones and achievements

     Analysis of material issues
         Identification and analysis of material issues
         Selection of material issues
         Evaluation of material issues

     Achieving compliance jointly
         Corporate governance mechanism
         Transparent disclosure of information
         Reinforcing operation management

     Creating values jointly
         Global strategic layout
         Executing Customer First Principle
         Increasing investment in research and development
         Building a professional team
         Product quality assurance

     Creating a better life jointly
         Promoting good health and well-being
         Caring for employees
         Commitment to community services
         Green operation

     Appendix
         ESG Guidance Mapping Table
         Comparative Statistics
         Readers' Feedback Form




80   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


About the report

•   Reporting period

    This Environmental, Social and Governance Report (the “Report”) covers the period
    from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2018.

•   In-scope entities

    Entities covered in the Report are the Shanghai site, Wuxi site, and Suzhou site of
    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. The Shanghai site houses the drug discovery and
    pre-clinical development facilities as well as part of cGMP clinical manufacturing
    facilities. It provides services such as novel monoclonal antibodies (mAb) discovery,
    bispecific antibody engineering, antibody drug conjugate (ADC) discovery, cell line
    engineering and development, assay, formulation, and process development, assay and
    process validation, product analytical characterization, and cGMP cell banking. The
    Wuxi site houses part of the WuXi Biologics’ clinical and commercial manufacturing
    facilities, providing services such as assay, formulation, and process development,
    assay and process validation, manufacture of protein, mAbs, and cGMP drug substance
    production, lot release testing, stability studies, drug product formulation, fill and finish,
    as well as regulatory support services. The Suzhou site is set up with our biosafety
    testing facilities, providing services such as virus clearance research and cell line
    characterization.

•   Reporting standards

    The Report is compiled based on Appendix 27 Environmental, Social and Governance
    Reporting Guide (“ESG Guide”) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
    the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and its major revision
    summaries.

•   Indicators selection

    The indicators in the Report were selected and elaborated following the principles of
    “quantification, materiality, balance, and consistency” to disclose the performances
    in the material issues. We will make continuous adjustments and optimization to the
    disclosure indicators in the subsequent reports.

•   Sources of information

    All qualitative and quantitative information contained in the Report comes from the
    public information, internal documents, and relevant statistics of WuXi Biologics
    (Cayman) Inc.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   81
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     •     Company name in short

           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. is also referred to “WuXi Biologics”, “the Company” or
           “we” for convenience.

     •     Form of release

           The online version of the Report will be published on the official sites of the Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (www.hkex.com.hk) and WuXi Biologics (www.
           wuxibiologics.com.cn) for reading and downloading.

     Company Background

     Business and culture

     •     Business introduction

           WuXi Biologics is a world-leading open-access biologics technology platform offering
           end-to-end solutions to biologics discovery, development, and manufacturing.

           The biologics development process typically covers five stages: (1) drug discovery,
           (2) pre-clinical development, (3) early-phase (Phase I & II) clinical development,
           (4) late-phase (Phase III) clinical development, and (5) commercial manufacturing.
           Services called for during the biologics development process fall into two categories:
           (1) pre-IND (Investigational New Drug) services, including services provided during the
           first two stages of biologics development, and (2) post-IND services, including services
           provided during the remaining three stages.

           The business model of WuXi Biologics is based on a “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy.
           Our customers' demand for our services increases as their biologics advance through
           development and ultimately to commercialization, which allows our revenue from
           each project to grow geometrically as the project advances through the biologics
           development cycle.

           In 2018 WuXi Biologics continued enforcing the “Follow-the-Molecule” strategy,
           and, adhering to the principles of “Customer first” and “IP protection to the highest
           standard”, and kept making efforts for improving work efficiency of the business
           units. As of December 31, 2018, there were 205 integrated projects in total. The
           Company earned revenue from the projects by providing services in each stage of
           the development process. The number of the integrated projects increased by 27.3%
           compared with 161 as of December 31, 2017.




82   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   Core values

    We adhere to the core values of “Integrity & Dedication”, “Working Together & Sharing
    Success” and “Do the Right Thing and Do it Right”, which are mainly embodied in the
    following aspects:

    We do not stick to stereotypes.                        We are dedicated to
    We embrace changes and                                  meeting and exceeding the
    drive innovation. We                                    expectations of our clients
                                       Changes
    believe advancement can
                                         and       Customer for building long-lasting
    only be achieved through                         first   partnerships.
    continuous development.           innovation
                                                                  We carry forward the
    We are open minded                                               spirit of ownership,
    and strive to                                                       be positive and
                        Cross-border          Core
    achieve win-win                                      Integrity       enthusiastic, do
    results through       cooperation       values                       the right thing
    leveraging the                                                   and stop wrong-
    complementary                                                 doings.
    advantages of each,
    sharing resources and           Efficient                 We are committed to
    developing together.            execution    Excellence   continuously    optimizing
                                                             operation processes to
    We focus on problem                                      deliver excellent results
    solving; we are result-oriented                         through flawless executions.
    and we complete tasks efficiently.



•   Mission

    To accelerate and transform pharmaceutical discovery, development and manufacturing
    in the fast growing field of biologics to benefit patients worldwide.

•   Vision

    To become the most comprehensive capability and technology platform in the global
    biologics industry, to fulfill the dream that “every drug can be made and every disease
    can be treated”.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   83
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     WuXi Biologics operates three sites in Shanghai, Wuxi, and Suzhou respectively under
     a unified governance structure. In 2018, we have launched projects to build new sites
     in Ireland, Singapore, and the U.S. respectively, accelerating our steps to build a global
     strategic layout.

     In the Reporting Period, WuXi Biologics has achieved respectable business results with an
     annual revenue of RMB2,534.5 million and net profit of RMB630.5 million.

     Company history

     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. was
     established in 2008, which provided
     cell line development and analytical
     protein characterization services. Over
     an nine-year period of proactive, steady
     business expansion, WuXi Biologics
     was listed on HKEX in June 2017, and
     progressively grew into the world’s
     first biotechnology company that truly
     provides one-stop services from concepts
     to commercialization as well as an open-
     access biologics technology platform. The
     figure shows below are the key milestones
     of our development.




          2008                       2011                       2013                          2015                      2017
          Cell Line Engineering &    Cell Culture Process       Clinical Drug Substance       Biosafety Testing &       Listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
          Development (Shanghai)     Development (Shanghai)     GMP Manufacture (Wuxi)        Viral Clearance
                                                                                              (Suzhou)                  FDA completes pre-approval inspection of
          Material Generation        Purification Process       Clinical Drug Product                                   cGMP raw liquor and aseptic preparation base
          (Shanghai)                 Development (Shanghai)     GMP Manufacture (Wuxi)        Regulatory Services:
                                                                                              Registration, Clinical    Biopharmaceutical cGMP production base with
                                     Formulation process        QC Lot Release and            Trial & Market Approval   the largest disposable reactor in the world has
                                     development (Shanghai)     Stability Testing (Wuxi)      Application Support       been put into full operation




                                                                                                                                         2018
                        2010                        2012                       2014                       2016                           FDA approved Trogarzo
                        Protein Characterization                               Antibody Drug-Conjugate
                        Analysis (Shanghai)         Pilot Drug Substance and   GMP Manufacture            Commercial Scale DS & DP       Announced global layout
                                                    Drug Product               (Shanghai & Wuxi)          GMP Manufacture (Wuxi)
                        Test Method                 Manufacture (Shanghai)                                                               Completed the first
                        Development (Shanghai)                                 Perfusion Cell Culture     Commercial Scale Perfusion     batch of clinical trial samples of
                                                    Antibody Discovery         GMP Manufacture            Manufacture (Wuxi)             cGMP production (MFG3)
                                                    Services (Shanghai)        (Shanghai & Wuxi)
                                                                                                          Cell Bank GMP Manufacture      Selected into Hang Seng HK35 Index
                                                                               Lyophilization             (Shanghai)
                                                                               Formulation & DP
                                                                               Manufacture
                                                                               (Shanghai & Wuxi)


                                                     Historical Development Timeline of WuXi Biologics




84   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                  Annual Report 2018
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Awards and Achievements of 2018

Period                             Award/Achievement                                                      Granted by
                                   Best Bioprocessing Excellence in China                                 IMAPAC
      FEBRUARY                     Bioprocessing Innovations in Continuous
                                                                                                          IMAPAC
                                   Processing Implementation in China
                                   CMO leadership Award for Reliability                                   Life Science Leader & ISR
                                   Best Asian CMO award                                                   BioPharma
         MARCH
                                   Hong Kong Equity Issue                                                 International Financing Review Asia (IFR Asia)
                                   Best Block Trade                                                       The Asset
                                   The only biopharmaceutical constituent of the
         AUGUST                                                                                           HANG SENG INDEXES
                                   Hang Seng HK 35 Index
                                   Dr. Chiang Syin, Chief Quality Officer of
      SEPTEMBER                    WuXi Biologics, was honored with the                                   Food and Drug Administration, USA
                                   “Foreign Post Service Award”
                                   “Industry Benchmarking Enterprise Award”
                                   of “2018 Sunshine Award of China’s Healthy                             21ST CENTURY BUSINESS HERALD
                                   Industry”
       OCTOBER                     2018 “Golden Wing Award”                                               Securities Times
                                   Dr. Chen Zhisheng, CEO of WuXi Biologics,
                                   won the Hong Kong Stock Leader Award of                                Securities Times
                                   the “Golden Wing Award”
                                   Best Under A Billion                                                   Forbes
                                   SCRIP “Best Company in Emerging Markets”                               Pharma Intelligence
      NOVEMBER
                                   Dr. Chen Zhisheng, CEO of WuXi Biologics,
                                                                                                          International Society For Pharmaceutical
                                   was appointed as an International Director of
                                                                                                          Engineering
                                   ISPE
                                   “Golden Lion Award — Best Investor
                                                                                                          Sina Finance
                                   Relations Management Listed Company 2018”
      DECEMBER
                                   “the most innovative enterprise in China’s
                                                                                                          Sina Medicine
                                   pharmaceutical industry”


2018 Memorabilia
                                        We announced the
                                        plan to build an
                                        integrated biologics                   We announced a biologics
                                        development, clinical,                 late-phase process development
                                        and commercial                         and manufacturing partnership
                We announced the        manufacturing centre                   with U.S. Immune Pharmaceuti-
                investment of           in Shijiazhuang                        cals
                EUR325 million to
                                   -
                build a bio-manu-                            We initiated construc-
                                                                                                      We entered into an              Strategic cooperation with
                facturing facility in                        tion of a state-of-the-art
                                                                                                      exclusive partnership           Korea Biotechnology Co.,
                Ireland                                      integrated ADC solution
                                                                                                      with US Inhibrx                 Ltd.
                                                             center;

         Mar                                   May                                        Jul                                 Oct

                          Apr                                          Jun                                 Sep                                Nov

 FAD approved                      We announced the strategic                   MFG3 completed the 1st                Enable CANbridge to develop and
 Trogarzo of Taimed,               collaboration for the development            batch of clinical trial               commercialize a portfolio of bio
 which is to be                    and manufacturing of Bioasis’                samples of cGMP                       therapeutics for the treatment of
 manufactured by WuXi              lead investigational candidate to                                                  rare diseases
 Biologics                         treat brain cancer




                                                                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                  Annual Report 2018        85
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Data Disclosure


                       Financial
            Revenue

                       2,534.5
                                                               R&D expense

             RMB
             million
                                                               RMB       169.3
                                                               million




                        Projects
                                                Projects in different stages
               Integrated
                                                               97 late-phase   13
                                                pre-clinical
               projects
                                                research          (Phase III)

               205                              (Phase I & II) 94 manufacturing 1
                                                early-phase       commercial




                       Employees                                                     HR training hours


            No. of
            employees
                                                                                         57,091  hours
                                                                             With bachelor

            4,141                                                            or higher degree

                                                                             87      %




                  Environmental

                  Emission of CO2                                        Total NOx


                  4,182                                                  2.35        ton
                 ton




86   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Analysis of material issues

Identification and analysis of material issues

The Report focuses on the discussion of the material issues of the stakeholders’ concerns. To
better understand their demands and focuses, WuXi Biologics identified the key stakeholders
through studies, analyzed and selected the material issues of their concerns to ultimately
decide on the 21 most important ones.

•    Stakeholder identification and analysis

     WuXi Biologics utilized the                                              Stakeholders right-interests model

     stakeholders’ right-interest model to                       High                                                     Clients

                                                                                                                          Employees
     evaluate the influence and dependency                                                          High influence and
                                                                                                                          Shareholders
     of different stakeholders. As shown                                                            dependency group
                                                                                                                          Suppliers
     in the figure at the right, clients,           Rights     Medium                                                     Business partners
     employees, and shareholders are the         (influence)
                                                                                                                          Government

     key stakeholders of WuXi Biologics,                                                                                  Environmental
                                                                                                                          organizations
     ranking highly in terms of influence                                                                                 Community
                                                                                                                          and public
     and dependency. Consequently, the                            Low
                                                                        Low                Medium                  High
     Report not only discloses key indicators                                             Interests
                                                                                        (Dependency)
     as required by ESG Guide but also
     highlights the material issues of their
     concerns.

•    Selection of material issues

     WuXi Biologics established different communication mechanisms for different
     stakeholders mentioned above to keep close communication, which helped us to
     identify their respective material issues of concern when preparing the Report. See the
     table below for details.




                                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                              Annual Report 2018        87
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           Stakeholder           Material issue of concern                   Communication mechanism                      Corresponding chapter in the Report




                           •   Product quality control           •   Strict control of raw materials and equipment    •   Product quality assurance
                           •   Production safety management •        Establish safety system supervision              •   Executing Customer First Principle
             Client        •   Customer first                    •   Improve the customer service system and          •   Reinforcing operation management
                           •   IP protection                         implement the legal regulations and              •   Product quality assurance
                                                                     management methods for intellectual
                           •   Delivery efficiency                   property protection                              •   Increase investment in research
                           •   Increase investment in research •                                                          and development
                                                                     Improve delivery efficiency
                               and development                                                                        •   Corporate governance mechanism
                                                               •     Increase R&D investment for the benefit of
                           •   Cyber risk prevention                 the public
                                                                 •   Enhance network security

           Employee
                           •   Compensation and benefits         •   Improve employee compensation and benefits       •   Caring for employees
                           •   Employee capability               •   Implement learning and development plans         •   Building a professional team
                               development


          Shareholder      •   Transparent information           •   Strengthen communication with shareholders       •   Transparent disclosure of information
                               disclosure                        •   Adhere to the governance policy of sustainable   •   Corporate governance mechanism
                           •   Corporate governance                  development                                      •   Promote good health and well-being
                           •   Promote good health and           •   Accelerate R&D process and reduce costs
                               well-being
            Supplier

                           •   Procurement management            •   Strictly regulate the procurement process        •   Reinforcing operation management



        Business partner
                           •   Global strategic layout           •   Accelerate global strategic layout               •   Global strategic layout
                                                                 •   Global strategic investment
                                                                 •   Global strategic partnership

          Government
                           •   Tax compliance                    •   Pay taxes in time                                •   Reinforcing operation management
                           •   Compliance and                    •   Focus on operation compliance
                               business ethics

         Environmental
          organization
                           •   Emissions management              •   Establish environmental health                   •   Green operation
                           •   Energy conservation                   and safety department
                               and emission reduction            •   Green office and operation



          Community        •   Promoting local employment        •   Increase employment                              •   Commitment to community services
                           •   Contributing to community         •   Public welfare
                               development                       •   Participate in charity activities
                           •   Engaging in public services and
                               charity activities




88   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                    Annual Report 2018
          Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•         Evaluation of material issues

          Based on the influence-dependency matrix used for evaluating materiality of material
          issues, WuXi Biologics communicated with the 8 stakeholder groups continuously,
          including clients, employees, shareholders, suppliers, partners, governments,
          environmental organizations and communities through visits, conferences, opinion
          surveys and scored the 21 material issues. The Company summarized the results with
          the matrix, and determined key disclosure contents in the Report by analyzing material
          issues. In the matrix, Intellectual Property (IP) Protection, Product Quality Control, and
          Customer First are of the most important ones. See the figure below for details.


    Deciding on issues of high materiality in 2018                                                                                                                                                  Issues

                                                                                                                 Ratings based on the relevance/importance of the company
          Issues of high materiality                                                                             based on key issues, from 0 to 5
                                      Employee
                                                                                                                 0 – Irrelevant,1 – not very material, 2 – slightly material,
      1     IP protection        6
                                      capability                                                                 3 – material, 4 – highly material, 5 – extremely material
                                      development
                                                                                                             5
                                                                                                                                                                                  Group of      1
      2     Product quality
                                                                                                                                                                                  material issues




                                                          External evaluation: materiality to shareholders
            control              7    Compliance and
                                      business ethics
      3    Customer first                                                                                                                                                                   3           2

                                      Transparent info.
                                 8
                                                                                                             4                                                     12
                                                                                                                                                                             11
                                                                                                                                                                                            4
     4     Production safety          disclosure                                                                                                          15
                                                                                                                                                                                        6           7

           mgmt.
                                 9    Global strategic                                                                                                             13
                                                                                                                                                                             10
                                                                                                                                                                                        8       5   9

      5    Delivery efficiency        layout

          Issues of medium materiality                                                                                                                                  16

          Compensation and       14   Procurement                                                            3                                                                     14
     10
          benefits                    management
     11
           Emissions             15   Corporate
           management                 governance
     12
          Increase               16   Cyber risk
          investment in R&D           prevention
                                                                                                                                            18
                                                                                                                                                 17
                                                                                                             2
     13   Promote good health and well-being

          Issues of low materiality
     17   Tax compliance         20
                                      Contributing to                                                                              •   19
                                      community
          Energy                      development                                                                                           20   21
     18
          conservation &                                                                                     1
                                 21   Engaging in
          emission reduction          public services
     19    Promoting local            and charity
           employment                 activities

                                                                                                             0               1                   2             3                        4                   5
                                                                                                                                 Internal evaluation: materiality to WuXi Biologics




                                                                                                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                     Annual Report 2018            89
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Achieving compliance jointly

     We adhere to the concept of sustainable development, comply with the laws and regulations
     of listed companies, establish a scientific and rational modern governance structure, and set
     up environmental, social and governance work groups while pursuing efficient operations,
     continue to pay attention to risk management, and adhere to transparent disclosure of
     information to maintain sustainable growth. We focus on daily compliance management,
     including tax regulations, business ethics, and strict controls over materials and suppliers.

     In the following paragraphs, you will read about our efforts and achievements in corporate
     governance mechanism, transparency of information disclosure and strengthening operation
     management.

     Corporate governance mechanism

     •                      Sustainable governance

                            As of 31 December 2018, there were 9 directors in total, among whom 3 are
                            independent non-executive directors. There are four committees namely Audit
                            Committee, Remuneration Committee, Nomination Committee, and Strategy Committee
                            abide by corresponding detailed regulations set for them to comply with the Code
                            of Corporate Governance and meet other requirements to facilitate the Company’s
                            development.


                                                                                                                                         G e ne r a l
                                                                                                                                      M e et i ng s of
                                                                                                                                      S h ar e h o l de r s


                                                                                                                                            B o ar d o f
                                                                                                                                            D i r e c t or s



          A u di t              Remuneration        N o m i n at i on      S t r a t e gy
                                                                                                                                              CEO
                                                    C o m m i t t ee      C o m m i t t ee
                                 C o m m i t t ee
         Committee




                                             CFO                                                                                              CTO                                                                           CQO




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       C o r p or at e L eg a l
                               Accounting and                                                                      G l o b al B i o-

                                                                                                                                                  D e ve l o pm en t
                                                                         O p er at i on      Informa tion                                                                                  B u si n e ss

           Internal Audit                                                                                                                                              D i s co v er y                        CEO Office
                                                     F P&A                                                                                                                                                                 QA     QC

                                 R e po r t i n g
                                                                                             T ec h no l o g y
                                                                        M a na g em en t                         m a n uf a c t u r i n g                                                D e ve l o pm en t




                                                                          Figure: Organizational structure of WuXi Biologics




90   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                                                     Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    WuXi Biologics, adhering to the Companies Ordinance, Securities Law, Listing Rules
    published by HKEX and other applicable laws and regulations, maintained a modern
    organizational and corporate governance structure and adopted the principles and
    code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix 14 to the
    Listing Rules as the basis of its corporate governance practices. Considering the global
    governance environment and the expectations of the international community for
    the green development of the industry, we established the governance requirements
    for sustainable development within the corporate, and regarded the sustainable
    development strategy as one of our core competitive advantages. Therefore, we are
    committed to improving utilization of resources, accelerating the construction of green
    production system, and adhering to the development model of green management to
    fulfil our responsibilities to the shareholders and the society.

•   The set-up of ESG working group

    WuXi Biologics sets up an
    ESG working group to support
    the management of corporate
    sustainable development. The                       Public
                                                      Relation
    working group, which comprises
    of key functional departments
    like Internal Audit, CEO office,
    EHS, Human Resources, Global
    Supply Chain, Legal, Compliance,
    Finance and Public Relation,
    takes the lead in designing the
    sustainable development strategies,
    initiatives, and action plans,             Compliance
    guiding the implementation and
    improving performance indicators
    for continuous development. The                                        Global
                                                                           Supply
    working group has regular meetings                                     Chain
    to report the working results to
    the management and the Board of
    Directors in order to improve the fulfilment of social responsibility.

•   Engaging stakeholders

    WuXi Biologics communicates sincerely with key stakeholders to identify the most
    concerned opinions regarding ESG issues. As a corporate citizen facing different
    interest groups, our stakeholders include customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers,
    partners, governments, environment organizations, local communities, and etc. We
    communicate with them on a regular basis in forms of visiting, meeting, opinion
    surveys to get to know their concerns over the ESG issues.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   91
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Case: WuXi Biologics won the “Industry Benchmarking Enterprise Award” of
           “2018 Sunshine Award of China’s Healthcare Industry”

                                                          In October 2018, WuXi Biologics won
                                                          the “Industry Benchmarking Enterprise
                                                          Award” at the “2018 China Healthcare
                                                          I n d u s t r y S u m m i t ” a s w e l l a s “2018
                                                          Sunshine Award of China’s Healthcare
                                                          Industry” hosted in Beijing by 21st
                                                          Century Business Herald. This award is
                                                          designed to encourage companies that
                                                          actively fulfil their social responsibilities
                                                          to continue to adhere to their attitude of
                                                          “sustainable development” and achieve
         Figure: Industry Benchmarking Enterprise Award   the unanimous development of individual
                                                          company and the industry.

                                                       The judge panel was consisted of the
     organizer, Institute for Hospital Management of Tsinghua University, Asclepius Healthcare,
     China Association of Enterprises with Foreign Investment, as well as other specialized
     organizations, scholars, and experts. They analysed about 300 A-share and HK-listed
     healthcare companies in terms of economic efficiency, environmental protection, product
     quality and safety, fair practice, employee compensation, public service, and social
     responsibility report; and granted the award to selected enterprises as well as individuals
     in recognition of their active fulfilment of social responsibilities and contribution to the
     development of China’s healthcare industry.

     •      Risk management and control

            In the pursuit of efficient operation, WuXi Biologics pays special attention to enterprise
            risk management constantly: assess and establish sustainable development strategy, and
            ensure the effectiveness of established risk management and internal control system.
            We established “WuXi Biologics Risk Management Provisions” to define the risk
            governance standards, assessed both internal and external business risks faced when
            implementing our strategies regularly, paid continuous attention to and traced the major
            risks, and delegated relevant departments to conduct internal discussions in order to
            identify and assess the importance of relevant matters to our stakeholders.

            Employees are encouraged to adopt a positive approach to risk management, which
            further strengthens the risk-aware culture. In order to formalize risk management across
            the Group and in order to set a common level of transparency and risk management
            performance, a number of requirements have been defined for the business units.
            The Board of Directors will review the corporate governance structure and practices
            from time to time and shall make necessary arrangements when the Board considers
            appropriate.




92   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: WuXi Biologics won the “Golden HK Stock Award 2018” and “Most Valuable
       Listed Pharmaceutical Company Award”

The “Golden HK Stock Award
Ceremony”, jointly hosted by
zhitongcaijing and Hithink Flush
Information Network Co., Ltd.,
was a large-scale and professional
industry-wide appraising event. The
registering, appraising, and reviewing
processes spanned for 2 months.
Internet voting results and comments
from an organizational judging panel
as well as a media judging panel were
considered comprehensively. The
appraisal, made on several criteria
including the candidate companies’
business performances, stock                          Figure: The two awards
price performance and activeness,                ”Golden HK Stock Award 2018“,
disclosure compliance, etc. over the   ”Most Valuable Listed Pharmaceutical Company Award“
year, reflected an overall examination
of the candidates and full recognition
of the winners. WuXi Biologics was the only pharmaceutical enterprise among all the
award-winners.

In the meantime, the Most Valuable Listed Pharmaceutical Company Award proved the
society’s trust in WuXi Biologics for its robust growth and innovative entrepreneurship. WuXi
Biologics will persist in its original tenet and give back to the investors, clients, partners, as
well as the mass patients.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   93
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Transparent disclosure of information

     WuXi Biologics is committed to
     improving the transparency of information
     disclosure, strictly abiding the principle
     requirements of information disclosure
     in Rule 13.09(1) of the Listing Rules of
     Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and actively
     protecting the rights and interests of
     investors.

     The Company has formulated the
     “WuXi Biologics detailed rules for the
     management of inside information”,
     which clarifies information such as                 Figure: WuXi Biologics host an investor meeting
     the definition and scope of inside
     information, the rules for disclosures,
     filing and confidentiality management.
     In addition, the Company also sets
     up the “WuXi Biologics Information
     Disclosure Policy”, which clarifies the
     requirements, methods and procedures
     for information disclosure. All the
     above help to effectively improve the
     reliability, completeness, transparency
     and timeliness of information disclosure.

     The Company believes that effective
     communication with Shareholders
     will help investors to understand the           Figure: Investors of WuXi Biologics visit the site
     Company’s business performance and
     financial status more comprehensively
     and directly so that the relative strategies can be established, effectively strengthening the
     investors’ relationship with us. The Company also endeavors to maintain communication
     with Shareholders by regularly organizing meetings such as the Annual General Meeting.
     The Company’s Directors participate in the related meetings to meet with the Shareholders
     and carry out consultation with them.

     In 2018, WuXi Biologics has held more than 200 activities with the investors and other
     parties, including their onsite visits to our laboratories and manufacturing facilities,
     conference calls and participation in brokerage strategy seminars and investment bank
     summits. Apart from that, in order to allow investors to track the Company’s performance,
     we continue to improve the breadth and depth of our report. In the Reporting Period, WuXi
     Biologics has released more than 40 documents including various types of announcements
     and notices, profit alerts, inside information, and voluntary announcements. WuXi Biologics
     will continue to enhance our transparency by preparing the Company’s sustainability
     performance with reference from the companies with the world’s best practice. Meanwhile,
     the Company is also looking forward to collecting the various types of information that
     investors and other stakeholders are interested in, so the Company will continue to
     communicate with different parties and make improvements accordingly in the future.



94   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: WuXi Biologics won the “Golden Lion Award” by Sina Finance

On December 21, 2018, WuXi Biologics
won the “Golden Lion Award —
Best Investor Relations Management
Listed Company 2018” presented
by Sina Finance for its excellence in
investor relations maintenance. In the
“International Development Forum
of Listed Companies in China and
Golden Lion Award Ceremony”, all the
overseas listed Chinese companies which
enjoy significant market growth, were
evaluated based on their capital market
                                                   Figure: Winning the Golden Lion Award
performances of the year. The event
aimed to honour the listed companies
with outstanding business performances, and promote the benign development of overseas
investment and financing market. This award highly valued the Company’s efforts in investor
relations management, and affirmed its accomplishments in improving transparency as well
as strengthening connections with capital markets.

Reinforcing operation management

•   Compliance in tax laws and regulations

    WuXi Biologics has complied with tax law of the PRC and other related laws and
    regulations. During the Reporting Period, we have duly undertaken all responsibilities
    and timely filed taxes to the local authorities. In 2018, WuXi Biologics has achieved
    an annual revenue of RMB2,534.5 million, with RMB52.1 million income tax paid, a
    respectable contribution to local taxation and social development.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   95
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     •     Compliance and business ethics

           WuXi Biologics is committed to the highest standards of business ethics, openness,
           probity and accountability as well as being abiding with domestic and international
           laws and regulations if applicable. The Company has taken actions to combat bribery
           and corruption, protect business secrets, strengthen compliance with R&D ethics
           requirement as well as other compliance management aspects. It has developed Code
           of Business Conduct and Ethics, Compliance Management Regulations, and Annual
           Compliance Inspection Regulations to guide its daily operation.

           With “zero-tolerance” towards corruption and bribery, WuXi Biologics enforces the
           Whistleblowing & Investigation Policy, which are monitored and reviewed by the
           Audit Committee of the Board. The system and policy are applicable to all employees,
           directors, shareholders, suppliers, consultants, contractors, as well as any parties
           that have business relationship with WuXi Biologics. The Company encourages the
           employees to proactively report any violations, by promising to protect the whistle
           blowers' identity so as to prevent unreasonable dismissal and ensure their safety with
           the support of a set of strict and confidential investigation procedures.

           From January 1,2018 to December 31, 2018, there was no substantiated case of
           corruption, bribery, or situations against business conducts in WuXi Biologics.

           In 2018, the Company has actively engaged in compliance training, with a total of
           59 sessions provided on anti-corruption and anti-bribery, participated by 11,385
           person-times with a total of 10,589 hours.



               2018 Compliance Training
                        59 times            11,385 person-times

           In addition, the Company’s R&D is carried out with meticulous self-discipline and
           complete obedience to the effective monitoring as well as supervision of relevant
           authorities and industry organizations. In its ceaseless explorations aiming at
           technological improvements, the Company holds rationality and respect toward science
           and development, and will never overstep the ethical boundaries.




96   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   IP protection

    With cumulative investments
    and innovations in the
                                             2018 Intellectual property application
    pharmaceutical industry in
    recent years, the biological                   International                      CN patents
    industry in China has reached a                patents (PCT)                      12 pieces
    turning point and a tremendous                 30 pieces
    rise is expected. IP protection
                                                                                      Registered
    in form of patent-grants and                   TW patents
                                                                                      trademark
    trade mark certifications has                  6 pieces
                                                                                      (WuXiBodyTM)
    become particularly important
                                                                                      1 piece
    as it provides assurance that                  Basic intellectual
    intellectual creations are                     property rights
    converted into practical values                7 pieces
    in a better and more efficient
    way.

    In such a context, WuXi Biologics actively protects IP rights. To regulate IP rights
    related activities and ensure compliance, we have established the “SOP related to
    Intellectual Property Laws, Regulations and Other Requirements”, “SOP of External
    Documents and Record Control”, and “Policy of the Use of Intellectual Property
    Information Resources”, as well as other relevant manuals and procedures.

    Throughout the year of 2018, the legal department of WuXi Biologics applied for 30
    international patents (PCT), 12 CN patents, 6 TW patents, 7 basic intellectual property
    rights, and obtained 1 registered trademark (WuXiBodyTM).

    WuXi Biologics has received certification audit on its IP management system by
    an IP certification agency. The audit covered business secrets, patents, trademarks,
    software copyrights, theses, domain names, etc. and was found no non-conformity.
    IP management audit covers Company’s processes in application, maintenance,
    transfer, alteration, abandonment, IP search, etc. WuXi Biologics has been granted
    IP management system certificates, numbered 165IP17038IR0L, 165IP17038IR0L-1,
    and 165IP17038IR0L-2 (as shown in figure below), for the compliance with the
    requirements of GB/T29490–2013.




                    Figure: Intellectual Property Management System Certification


                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   97
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     •     Prevents cyber risk proactively

           The rapid development of the internet inevitably poses challenges to the cyber
           security of enterprises today. As a fast growing enterprise, WuXi Biologics constantly
           highlights the importance of cyber security, while making continuous efforts to improve
           technologies, capacity as well as expansion. With risk management as the prior
           strategy, it continuously strengthens the management and technical capability of cyber
           security. It has built a data security protection system covering the full life cycle of data
           assets, assuring information security and business continuity.

           In 2018, WuXi Biologics implemented a computer network security program to protect
           company information against threats from Trojans and worms. Based on the knowledge
           about information security and related products, the Company deployed security tools
           including firewalls and antivirus software on servers, and gave trainings to employees
           on the use of firewalls in order to improve the internal network security. These products
           powerfully protect us from network virus attacks and provide safeguard in our daily
           work. In 2018, there was no major network virus attack in WuXi Biologics.




                                    Figure: WuXi Biologics’ firewall training certificates

     •     Procurement management

           WuXi Biologics has established the Procurement Policy, Suppliers Management Policy
           and other related policies, which strictly regulate the procurement activities, to ensure
           compliance with laws and regulations. WuXi Biologics also applies procurement quality
           audit and controls the procurement process, to ensure the procured products meet both
           relevant quality standards and the Company’s requirements for product quality and
           safety.




98   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   Strict control over raw materials

    WuXi Biologics has always been cautious and strict in raw material procurement with
    the intention of maintaining fairness, justice, and openness for each procurement.
    Suppliers need to provide quality reports involving quantitative analyses of different
    factors. WuXi Biologics also inspects each batch of raw materials supplied as per
    the quality requirements of relevant specifications, and allows them to be used in
    production only upon receipt of satisfactory internal inspection results. Procurement
    information is archived for internal recording and client review. As for animal cell
    sources, WuXi Biologics strictly observes ICH Q5A (R1) (effective as of 23 September
    1999), USP (1050), Points to Consider in the Manufacture and Testing of Monoclonal
    Antibody Products for Human Use (effective as of 28 February 1997) issued by FDA,
    and Requirements for Preparation and Control of Animal Cell Substrates Used for
    Production of Biologics (effective as of 1 December 2015) in Chinese Pharmacopoeia
    2015 edition (Volume III).

•   Reinforcing supplier management

    The supplier management of WuXi Biologics consists of five aspects, namely
    supplier classification and responsibility, supplier screening and introduction,
    supplier performance management, supplier audit, and supplier social responsibility
    management. The supplier introduction stage is subject to the most stringent
    management as detailed below:

    Supplier selection

    WuXi Biologics communicated with the suppliers via telephone, correspondence, etc.
    to understand their willingness to cooperate, production capacity, company size, and
    other related information. Suppliers which meet the following criteria will be put into
    our supplier database:

    1)   Legitimate enterprises registered at competent national authorities with the
         relevant official documents for production or business operation approval

    2)   Product quality is up to the relevant national, industry, and corporate standards

    3)   Sufficient production capacity and sound quality assurance system; materials
         supplied are up to applicable quality standards and requirements

    4)   Good reputation, and pricing within the range of the Company’s cost control
         management

    Supplier audit

    WuXi Biologics asks the suppliers to fill out the “Supplier’s Basic Information Form” and
    submit certain certificates including copies of Business License, Authorized Economic
    Operator (AEO) certificate, etc. for quality review. Our procurement staff further audits
    the suppliers by checking their customs registration, credit rating, administrative
    punishment history, as well as other information on the “Credit Publicity Platform
    of Import and Export Business of Customs of the People’s Republic of China” and
    “National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System” against their forms. After that,
    the supplier information is submitted via the “Supplier Maintenance System” to the
    procurement director for further review.

                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   99
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report



            Supplier introduction

            Suppliers passing all the                         Beijing 8%
            audit procedures will be
            put into the JDE system as
            the Company’s approved
            suppliers.
                                                                                     Jiangsu
                                                          Others11%
                                                                                     20%
            WuXi Biologics actively
            cooperate with local                                                      Shanghai
            suppliers to promote their                                                53%
            development. In 2018, we
            had 750 suppliers in total,    Overseas                                 Zhejiang
            17% more than that of          4%                                       2%
            2017.These suppliers are                                      Guangdong
            distributed in Shanghai,                                      2%
            Jiangsu, Zhejiang,
            Guangdong, Beijing, etc. as
            well as overseas countries,
            as shown in the figure.        Number and regional distribution of 2018 WuXi Biologics’
            By partnering with local                                 suppliers
            suppliers, WuXi Biologics
            also contributed to the
            development of Chinese supply chain.




100   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Creating values jointly

In 2018, we invested in the construction of facilities in Ireland, Singapore and the United
States, and strengthened global strategic cooperation to further expand the global customer
base and provide better services to customers. We focused on protection of customer/project
information. At the same time, we also increase investment in research and development,
and firmly believe in building up a high-quality team for continuous growth.

In the following paragraphs, you will read about our efforts and achievements in expanding
our global strategic layout, exercising “Customer First” principle, increasing investment in
research and development, building professional teams and ensuring product quality.

Global strategic layout

•   Global strategic investment

The improved operating
efficiency and effective
cost control of WuXi
Biologics in 2018
led to outstanding
performances and
fruitful achievements.
In 2018, the
Company’s revenue
a m o u n t e d t o
RMB2,534.5 million
with a substantial
increase of 56.6%,
and the net profit
went up by 149.6% to
RMB630.5 million.
The overseas
business also contributed greatly to the Company’s development in 2018, with the revenue
from the North America reaching RMB1,283.9 million, and that from Europe reaching
RMB171.7 million respectively, mainly attributing to the Company’s active promotion of its
globalization strategy in 2018.

WuXi Biologics introduced a new manufacturing paradigm “Global Dual Sourcing within
WuXi Bio” to address its partners’ needs in ensuring supply while minimizing the risk of
technology transfer to two different suppliers. Therefore, WuXi Biologics has planned and
initiated various capacity expansion in the U.S., Ireland, China and Singapore, to ensure
the global supply. Upon completion we will deliver 220,000L of bioreactor manufacturing
capacity, which allows the Group to sustain its favorable position in biologics industry and
continue to seize emerging opportunities from the biologics outsourcing market.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   101
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Case: WuXi Biologics to invest EUR325 million to build biomanufacturing facility
            in Ireland

      On April 30, 2018, WuXi Biologics
      announced that it would invest
      325 million Euros in total over five
      years in establishing a new biologics
      manufacturing facility in Dundalk,
      Ireland.

      As the Company’s first site outside
      China, as well as the first sizable
      overseas plant invested by the
      pharmaceutical industry of China,
      the project is a milestone for WuXi
      Biologics’ global layout.

      This state-of-the-art “facility of the
      f u t u r e ” w o u l d b e b u i l t u p o n t h e Figure: Ireland Prime Minister Leo Varadkar at the press
      novel approach WuXi Biologics has                                         conference
      pioneered by deploying multiple
      single-use bioreactors for commercial
      bio-manufacturing, and is also designed to be able to run continuous bio-processing, a next
      generation manufacturing technology to be first implemented globally in this campus. The
      project is fully supported by the Irish Government and Industrial Development Authority
      (IDA).

      Quotation

      “We are all excited to initiate our first global site to enable local companies and expedite
      biologics development in Europe. In addition, this is the start and a critical part of our
      global bio manufacturing network to ensure that biologics are manufactured at the highest
      quality and with a robust supply chain to benefit patients worldwide. We are committed
      to Ireland and will work with all local partners to build this state-of-art next generation bio
      manufacturing facility as a showcase to the global biotech community.”

      Dr. Zhisheng Chen, CEO of WuXi Biologics




102   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: WuXi Biologics to invest SGD80 million to establish a biologics
      manufacturing facility in Singapore

On May 22, 2018, WuXi Biologics announced that it would invest SGD80 million and
hire about 150 employees to establish a state-of-the-art biologics manufacturing facility in
Singapore. It would be WuXi Biologics’ first overseas site in Asia, as well as its second site
outside China subsequent to the one in Ireland. A total of 4,500L capacity would be installed
with two 2,000L traditional fed-batch bioreactors and one 500L perfusion based continuous
processing bioreactor. A bioprocess development lab would be included, and the facility
would be able to handle both clinical sample production and small volume commercial
production. The project is fully supported by the Singapore Economic Development Board
(SEDB).

Quotation

“We are delighted that WuXi Biologics has chosen Singapore Asia. This will introduce
the Company’s next-generation bioprocessing technology platform to this region. WuXi
Biologics’ decision is a testament to Singapore’s strong talent pool for the biomedical
sciences sector and our capabilities in advanced manufacturing. Its presence here will also
strengthen our ecosystem for supporting biotech companies from Singapore and beyond.”

Dr. Beh Swan Gin, Chairman of SEDB.

Case: WuXi Biologics to invest USD60 million to establish a biologics production
      facility in the United States

On June 11, 2018, WuXi Biologics
announced that it would invest USD60
million to establish a state-of-the-art
biologics clinical and commercial
manufacturing facility in Worcester
(within the Boston Metropolitan area),
Massachusetts in the United States.
The facility would be WuXi Biologics’
11th global manufacturing facility
(MFG11) in its global layout, and its
first site in the United States, as well
as the third outside China subsequent            Figure: WuxI Biologics establish US site
to the new sites in Ireland and
Singapore.

A bioprocess development lab would be included, and the facility would be able to handle
both clinical sample production and volume commercial production. The project is fully
supported by the Government of Massachusetts, the Worcester Business Development
Corporation (WBDC) and the Massachusetts Life Sciences Center (MLSC).




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   103
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Quotation

      “Metropolitan Boston is acknowledged as a leader in the biopharmaceutical industry. The
      new site plays a key role in WuXi Biologics’ global bio-manufacturing network to ensure that
      biologics are manufactured at the highest quality and within a robust supply chain to benefit
      patients worldwide. We are grateful for all the support local agencies and the talented
      people here have provided for us. We believe we can quickly push forward this exciting
      project.”

      Dr. Ge Li, Chairman of WuXi Biologics

      •     Global strategic cooperation

            Apart from building new sites abroad, WuXi Biologics also strengthens global client
            development. During the Reporting Period, the Company, with improving technological
            capability and throughput, established partnership with clients from all over the world
            and served as the platform for their biologics. In 2018, 9 early-phase clinical projects
            and 1 late-phase clinical project from the U.S. and European industrial players were
            transferred to WuXi Biologics. It also entered into strategic partnerships with the U.S.
            Company Inhibrx, ABL Bio Corporation of Korea, Brii Biosciences, CANbridge, and
            etc.

      Case: WuXi Biologics and Inhibrx entered an exclusive strategic manufacturing
            partnership

      O n S e p t e m b e r 11, 2018, W u X i B i o l o g i c s a n d I n h i b r x , I n c . ( I n h i b r x ) , a U . S .
      biopharmaceutical company which specializes in developing a diverse pipeline of
      novel protein-based therapeutics, announced that the two companies have entered into
      an exclusive partnership for the GMP manufacturing of certain Inhibrx’s protein-based
      therapeutics. Under the terms of the agreement, Inhibrx would exclusively cooperate with
      WuXi Biologics for the GMP manufacturing of all its new biologics projects which Inhibrx
      plans to initiate clinical trials outside of China within the next 3 years, vigorously supporting
      the efforts to push its entire R&D pipeline onto the market. The agreement showcased the
      expansive biologics pipeline of Inhibrx as well as the world leading technical expertise and
      capabilities of WuXi Biologics.




104   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.     Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: WuXi Biologics and ABL Bio Enter an exclusive development and clinical
      manufacturing partnership for multiple bispecific antibodies

On November 28, 2018,
WuXi Biologics and ABL Bio
Corporation (ABL Bio), a
privately-held South Korean
biotechnology company which
specializes in developing
antibody therapeutics for
immuno-oncology and
neurodegenerative diseases,
announced that the two
companies have entered into
an exclusive development and
clinical manufacturing partnership for up to 8 antibody therapeutics.

This partnership proves that WuXi Biologics has been well recognized as a global leader in
the development and manufacturing of difficult biologics such as bispecific antibodies. With
globally recognized technical capabilities and unparalleled capacities, we are transforming
how biologics are developed in the global setting.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   105
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Executing Customer First Principle

      •     Client satisfaction survey

            As a leading global open-access integrated biologics technology platform, WuXi
            Biologics offers end-to-end solutions for biologics discovery, development, and
            manufacturing to biologics and biotech companies around the world. The Customer
            Service Department organizes client satisfaction survey once or twice a year. The
            survey targets the Company’s Top 20 clients in terms of annual sales income, as
            well as part of the small-and medium-sized clients with an annual sales income from
            RMB500,000 to RMB1,000,000. Owing to the efforts it made in 2018, the client
            satisfaction was up to 90%. The customer satisfaction survey covers different areas
            including quotation feedback timeliness, client communication, products and services,
            project life cycle, logistics, improvement recommendations, etc. By conducting
            the survey, the Company hopes to understand what its clients’ comments towards
            its services and products, as well as any problems encountered such as ineffective
            communication during project implementation, so that it can optimize the products
            and working process, and develop improvement plans accordingly. In this way, it
            seeks greater business perfection, higher customer satisfaction and loyalty, as well as
            sustainable business growth.

      •     Client/Project Information Protection

            Attaching significance to the protection of client/project information, WuXi Biologics
            treats all project information as its own business secrets, and strictly manages access
            permissions to client projects in accordance with corresponding requirements. WuXi
            Biologics has established a comprehensive intellectual property management system
            and developed a series of related policies and procedures, such as the “Business
            Secret Management Policy” and “Administrative Document Filing Management Policy”
            which clarify the classification of business secrets into different categories and levels;
            the compliance requirements for processing all levels of business secrets information
            throughout the circulation and etc. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
            Compliance Department, the Information Technology Department, the Human
            Resources Department, the Document Management Department, the Quality Assurance
            Department and the Legal Department to jointly manage the mechanism, providing
            technical support for business secret compliance, and assist in the closed loop
            management of investigation, auditing and punishment.




106   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     At the end of 2018, the WuXi Biologics’ Compliance Department launched information
     security and compliance training and examinations related to business secrets. A total
     of 4,129 employees were trained with the overall pass rate of 99.8%. The Compliance
     Department also regularly conducts compliance audits, focusing on business secrets
     leakage and collects feedback from various departments to improve the measures and
     promotes the awareness and adherence of all employees.

     In addition, WuXi Biologics has actively adopted advanced technical means to
     strengthen the control of document recording and storage on data security and authority
     granting. Applications that have commissioned include but are not limited to Electronic
     Laboratory Notes (ELN), Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) and
     Enterprise Content Management (ECM). The application of the abovementioned tools
     effectively enhances the security and availability of data while ensuring that only the
     authorized personnel can access the relevant information, improving the customers’
     confidence and trust in the Company’s firm implementation of intellectual property
     protection.

Increasing investment in research and development

Our R&D expenditure keeps increasing every year. In 2018, the R&D investment hits
RMB169.3 million, which taking up 6.7% of the total revenue.WuXi Biologics has been
persistently focusing on developing next generation technologies to continue enhancing our
technical and service capabilities.

WuXi Biologics launched a new
bispecific antibody platform,
W u X i B o d y TM, w i t h i t s o w n
intellectual property rights.
This platform can reduce the
corresponding production cost while
accelerating the development of
bispecific antibodies. WuXia, another
state-of-the-art cell line development
platform, will be able to launch more
than 60 IND-enabling projects per
year, one of the largest capacities in
the world. In addition, through the
integration of continuous cell culture operations and continuous column chromatography,
WuXiUP is another innovative technology platform of the Group, this platform can use
2,000L disposable bioreactors to achieve comparable productivity of traditional 20,000L
stainless steel bioreactors yet still provide similar purification yield. WuXiUP solidified the
Group’s global leader role in the continuous biomanufacturing field. With the successful
launches and powerful support of the proprietary bispecific antibody platform, WuXiBody™,
the cell line development platform, WuXia, and the continuous cell culture process platform,
WuXiUP, the Group has significantly advanced the technology of biologics development and
achieved outstanding progress to enhance the discovery, development and manufacturing of
biologics.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   107
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Case: WuXi Biologics’ project ground-breaking ceremony at Mashan National Life
            Science Park

      On May 18, 2018, the ground-breaking ceremony of WuXi Biologics’ Phase I project at
      Mashan National Life Science Park was held in Wuxi. Participants included Ms. Zhou Ying,
      Standing Committee member and Organization Department Director of CPC Wuxi and
      other governmental officials, client representatives, Dr. Zhisheng Chen and other WuXi
      Biologics’ executives, as well as journalists from the mainstream media. The project covers
      an area of about 266,660 sq. metre, consisting of the R&D and manufacturing zone, training
      centre and the biomedical localization equipment centre. It aims to become the Company’s
      global headquarters to provide
      full-scale functions including R&D,
      manufacturing, training, international
      cooperation, as well as business
      support facilities center. By utilizing
      a brand-new mode, it is committed to
      lowering the innovation and start-up
      threshold in the biomedical and
      massive health fields by providing
      all-in-one services to innovative
      companies and start-ups, contributing
      to the development and growth
      of pharmaceutical and healthcare
      industry of China.




108   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: WuXi Biologics commenced construction of 150,000 sq. metre Biologics
      Innovation Center in Shanghai

WuXi Biologics announced that the construction of a global innovation center has
commenced in the district of Fengxian in Shanghai on November 22, 2018. The new
state-of-the-art biologics center will integrate biologics discovery, development, clinical
and commercial manufacturing which will be built to meet global cGMP standards while
implementing modular and flexible design. This will be one of the largest facilities of its kind
with 150,000 sq. metre and will accommodate more than 3,000 scientists.




                              Figure: Design effect of Fengxian site




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   109
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Building a professional team

      •     Employee capability development

            Talents is the core competence of a company for sustainable development. WuXi
            Biologics pursues high quality talents to promote development in the long run due to
            the high threshold for professionalism in the biomanufacturing industry. In 2018, there
            were more than half of its employees holding master degrees or above, amongst which
            more than 9% had doctoral degrees and 42% had master degrees. Another 36% of the
            staff held bachelor degrees.
                                                                                          No. of
                                                                           Education    employees
                                                                                                    Percentage

            WuXi Biologics has spared no                                   Doctor          364          9%
            effort in talent training.
            For example, our senior                                        Master         1,723        42%

            managers always facilitate                                     Bachelor       1,509        36%
            training on industry
            experience and know-how                                        Junior college  432         10%

            to employees in person.                                        High School
                                                                                           113          3%
            The Company’s training                                         and under

            courses are arranged from           Education Background of employees of WuXi Biologics in 2018
            the below three standpoints,
            namely “to improve skills and capabilities”, “to emphasize on job specifications”, and
            “to transmit expertise and know-how”. It enables employees to make progresses and
            improvements continuously in their work, so that they can meet the top requirements
            in job specifications for expertise and technical capability, and get prepared for
            future positions. The HR Department developed the WuXi Biologics Learning and
            Development Plan at the beginning of the year to guide a series of talent development
            and specialized skill training sessions, including the “Leadership Program” for seniors
            and “Sailing Program” for fresh graduates.


                                      Training information of WuXi Biologics in 2018


                                 109        training      Male    2,442                (47.4%)
                                 sessions                         person-times


                                 57,091 hours             Female 2,709                 (52.6%)
                                                                 person-times

                                 13.79 hours per capita




110   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: New Employee “Sailing Program” (Seed Program)

WuXi Biologics, in rapid development,
receives a large number of new
employees every year. The
HR Department designed and
implemented a year-long “Sailing
Program” for the new joiners covering
orientation, corporate culture,
professional qualities, etc. to help
them adapt to the Company and
their jobs at different stages. As of
2018, there have been 50 training
sessions held as part of the Sailing
Program with more than a thousand
participants, effectively supporting the growth of the Company.

Case: “Leadership Program” for seniors

In 2018, WuXi Biologics developed
a “senior leadership course” for
cross-departmental cooperation.
The course aimed to articulate the
corporate strategy and key positions,
identify and review the talents needed,
analyze the talent's current situation,
strengthen their development and
management, as well as cross-
departmental cooperation. The
content of each course is in line with
the status quo of the Company and the
requirements of the talents.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   111
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Product quality assurance

      •     Product quality control

      •     Strict quality control

            With product quality being
                                                                                               Times of
            regarded as the top priority,           Quality audit by            Region
                                                                                                 audit
            WuXi Biologics is committed
            to keep services above industry                                      PRC               85
            standards and strictly abide the      Governmental drug
            Measures for the Supervision and           control
                                                                               U.S./EU              1
            Administration of Pharmaceutical
            Production. In terms of internal
                                                                                 U.S.             125
            quality management, the Quality
            Assurance Department seeks
            to recruit high quality talents,            Client                   Asia              81
            formulates policies regarding
            material and equipment                                                EU               51
            quality, and supervises the
            implementation. As of December              Table: Quality audit of WuXi Biologics
            31, 2018, the Quality Assurance
            Department has 102 staffs with master’s degrees or above. In terms of external quality
            audit, the quality system has been audited cumulatively 343 times by clients from all
            over the world, as well as Chinese and U.S. government departments, and all of them
            speaking highly of it.

      Case: WuXi Biologics won “CMO Leadership Award”

      CMO (Contract Manufacturing
      Organization) refers to a company
      that serves other companies in the
      pharmaceutical industry on a contract
      basis to provide comprehensive
      services like process development,
      formula development, clinical trial
      drugs, chemical or biosynthetic raw
      material production, intermediate
      manufacturing, formulation production
      (such as powder, injection) and
      packaging.



                                                          Figure: WuXi Biologics was granted “CMO Leadership
                                                                                 Award”




112   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


The CMO Leadership Awards is recognized by world’s top outsourcing partners for R&D and
manufacturing, determined by questionnaire survey feedback and evaluation results from
senior executives of the U.S. and European Pharma and Biopharma companies of all sizes,
and are presented in New York by the prestigious journal Life Science Leader and market
research firm Industry Standard Research (ISR). WuXi Biologics won CMO Leadership Award
for Reliability at the 2018 CMO Leadership Awards Ceremony for its reputation among
global partners.

Note:   Life Science Leader is a business journal for executives in emerging biotech through big
        pharma. More than 110 contract manufactures were assessed by 23 performance metrics in
        ISR’s annual Contract Manufacturing Quality Benchmarking survey. This level of qualification
        ensures that survey responses are based on actual involvement with contract manufacturers
        and clear experiential data. This enables users of ISR’s market research to make confident
        business decisions based on the experiences of their industry peers.

•   Strict screening of equipment

    WuXi Biologics purchases equipment and spare parts from the selected renowned
    suppliers only. The Purchasing Department arranges inspection and testing on
    equipment purchased prior to the confirmation of delivery to ensure the equipment is in
    a good quality for operation. We contact with suppliers’ technicians regularly as well as
    customer service personnel for maintenance and upgrade after acceptance.

•   Continuous improvement of complaint handling system

    The Quality Assurance Department keeps records of all complaints received, and the
    complaint coordinator judges whether each complaint is caused by product quality
    or not. If affirmative, the Quality Assurance Department will initiate complaint
    investigation, including but not limited to documentation review, inspection of
    the complained sample, inspection on retained samples, etc. The head of Quality
    Assurance Department needs to record inspection or analysis results in the complaint
    handling form, analyse the cause of defect, determine whether it is necessary to
    establish corrective and preventive measures, and decide the level of impacts on other
    batches released. The handling results will also be timely sent to the client. In 2018,
    there was no customer complaint about product quality, nor any incidence of product
    recall happened during the year.

•   High-efficiency delivery

    Along with the further expansion of our production capacity and scale as well as the
    investment and output of our R&D activities in 2018, the Company continued to deliver
    services to clients with industry-leading efficiency. This was attributable from not only
    its extensive, in-depth industry experience and one-stop service platform, but also the
    strict delivery management process it employs. According to the analysis of the public
    data by WuXi Biologics, the pre-IND R&D timeline in the biologics industry averages
    between 18 to 24 months, while for WuXi Biologics that is mostly between 15 to 18
    months, or even shorter, which effectively shortens the timeline and reduces the R&D
    expenditures of new drugs, and benefits patients in the long run.




                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   113
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Case: WuXi Biologics help partners complete fast application of Yellow Fever (YF)
            monoclonal antibody

      On November 26, 2018, Tychan announced its dosing of first individual in phase I trial
      of TY014, a first-in-class monoclonal antibody candidate treatment for Yellow Fever
      (YF), immediately following the IND approval from Health Sciences Authority (HSA) of
      Singapore to evaluate safety and tolerability. TY014 progressed from initiation to regulatory
      submission in less than seven months due to substantial advances in Tychan’s proprietary
      rapid development platform and the company’s partnership with WuXi Biologics. There is
      currently no approved treatment for Yellow Fever (YF).

      WuXi Biologics completed all IND-enabling CMC studies in 7 months breaking a record of
      9 months it achieved for Zika mAb vs traditional 15–24 months, which also manifests the
      combined efforts between Tychan and WuXi Biologics for timely intervention against future
      outbreaks of infectious diseases.




114   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Creating a better life jointly

We continue to care for and equally treat all employees, as well as provide competitive
compensation and welfare to them. We regard safety as the first priority and have formulated
a strict quality and safety management mechanism to ensure the safety of medical products
in the process of R&D, production, sales and recall. We are enthusiastic with public
welfare and charity activities, and actively fulfill our social responsibilities. We embrace the
concept of green operation, establish Environmental, Health and Safety department, carry
out effective emission management, recycle resources and reduce energy consumption and
waste generation.

In the following sections, you will read about our efforts and achievements in promoting
good health and well-being, caring for employees, serving the community, and green
operation.

Promoting good health and well-being

According to data of WHO, by 2020 chronic diseases would account for 75% of deaths
globally with the advent of aging time. More pharma and biotech companies are seeking
to be developing more innovative biotherapeutics through the development pipeline as
efficiently as possible, and outsourcing gives sponsors ready access to increased capacity
and specialized expertise as they contend with growing demand and competition in
the large molecule space. WuXi Biologics is a world-leading open-access biologics
technology platform offering end-to-end solutions for biologics discovery, development, and
manufacture, and expediting biologics R&D around the world, reducing R&D costs, and
benefiting the patients.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   115
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Case: Disposable bioreactor

      Different from the previous
      large-scale stainless-steel production
      equipment, single-use technologies
      (SUTs) is being favored by the
      industry for reducing the risk of
      cross-contamination, saving fixed
      investment and energy consumption,
      flexibility, and platformization.
      The disposable bioreactor is
      made of certified plastic materials
      (polyethylene, ethylene vinyl acetate,
      polycarbonate, polystyrene, etc.)
      and is a non-reusable incubator
      that can be readily used when it is
      installed. It does not only save the
      procedures for Sterilization-in-Place (SIP) and Clean-in-Place (CIP) and reduce production
      cycle as it is sterilized beforehand and can be put into use shortly but it also saves the
      high cleaning verification costs in the perspective of Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP).
      Meanwhile, traditional stainless-steel reactors require huge consumption of water and energy
      as they require both SIP and CIP which has a certain impact on the environment. Relatively
      speaking, the waste generated by disposable bioreactors has a much smaller impact on the
      environment. Furthermore, new plants based on single-use production technology can be
      completed within two years or even a shorter period while it usually takes four to five years
      for that of the traditional plants. As a leader in single-use production technology, WuXi
      Biologics is proactively adopting this leading technology for commercial production and is
      the first in the industry to replace the “amplified” single stainless-steel bioreactor capacity
      model with “combined” multiple disposable bioreactors. The 10-thousand-liter scale of
      stainless-steel bioreactor commercial production which might require billions dollar of
      production cost can thereby be achieved in a shorter plant construction time and a lower
      fixed assets investment.




116   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Caring for employees

As of December 31, 2018, there were
4,141 employees at WuXi Biologics in                 No. of In-service employees
total, of which 45% were male and 55%                        2018 (by age)
were female, achieving an overall gender
balance with equal pay for equal work.
                                                 3,000
WuXi Biologics advocates talent
                                                 2,500
diversification and opposes discrimination
by gender, age, level, nationality, race,        2,000
religious belief, marital status, or against
disability. We assess candidates only by         1,500
their qualification for the positions, and
                                                 1,000
everyone who joins us will be treated
equally. Young people are the main force           500
at WuXi Biologics, 61.4% of employees
are under 30 while aged 30 to 50 are                -
about 36.4%, and 2.2% are above 50. The                        Under          30-50         Above
high proportion of young workforce is in                        30                            50
line with the talent development strategy        Female        1,492           758            21
of WuXi Biologics. We actively cultivate         Male          1,051           749            70
young people’s professional capabilities                           Male      Female
and explore their potentials as well.             Figure: Number of in-service employees by age



WuXi Biologics strictly complies with the
China laws and regulations, and opposes to any act of using child labor and forced labor. In
article 5.8 of WuXi Biologics Employee Recruitment Management Policies, it clearly states
that all employees who are formally employed must be 18 years old and strictly forbids
illegally employing or exploiting children (i.e. children under the age of 16). During the year
of 2018, WuXi Biologics did not have any case of child labor or forced labor.

•    Compensation and benefits

     Based on related legal provisions such as the Labour Law of the People’s Republic
     of China (“Labour Law”), WuXi Biologics has developed policies and procedures
     including Employee Recruitment Management Policy, Compensation and Benefits
     Policy as well as Employee Handbook, etc. to ensure all employees receive the
     compensation and benefits they deserve.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.         Annual Report 2018   117
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      •     Employee benefits

            In 2018, the employee turnover
            rate was 8.65%, which was
            below the industry average.
            This is ascribed to our focus
            on employee benefits and
            commitment to stimulating
            their enthusiasm and creativity,
            which enhanced the corporate
            cohesion and attractiveness and
            formed an excellent corporate
            culture, eventually promoting
            the Company’s healthy
            development. To keep attracting
            and retaining high quality talents
            to support our rapid growth,
            WuXi Biologics actively pushes                Figure: Free-of-charge dormitory for
            forward the following four                          new employees in 2018
            procedures:

            •     Provide more opportunities for employees to work with world-class scientists in
                  the field of biologics and reach out to cutting-edge technologies;

            •     Provide systematic training and development programs to improve their knowledge
                  and capabilities as well as to accelerate their career development;

            •     Provide a competitive compensation package that reflects their performance; and

            •     Implement Share Option and Restricted Share Award Schemes to combine their
                  long-term interests with the interests of the Company and shareholders.

            The Company provides short-term free dormitory accommodation for new employees
            who leave hometown to join the Company in order to help them get through. We
            regularly initiate questionnaire surveys among employees to understand their feedbacks
            about this benefit, and communicate with employees through telephone, face-to-face
            talks, and follow-up surveys on improvements made. The employees felt that the
            dormitory, which is fully furnished and cosy, is like home to them. This benefit not only
            makes them feel the warmth from the Company as a big family, but also demonstrates,
            among other details, that WuXi Biologics is a workplace with humanistic concerns
            about the staff, trustworthy and ideal for them to grow and realize their career plans.

            As of December 31, 2018, WuXi Biologics has awarded restricted shares or share
            options to 892 employees, accounting for 22% of total employees, as incentives.
            The Company plans to continuously grant restricted shares to newcomers and best-
            performance employees.




118   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   Employee activities

In order to advocate work-life balance, WuXi Biologics launched a series of employee
care activities to unite them and cultivate their recognition and sense of belonging to the
Company. It carried out various activities to enrich employees’ spare time and encouraged
them to join various internal clubs, including the badminton club, dancing club, canoeing
club, choir, bicycle club and etc. The Company provides funds for club activities, and
reports their recent activities via internal publications.

My music dream — “The Voice” singing
contest

In 2018, the Company organized the first singing
contest called “The Voice” of WuXi Biologics to
enrich staff’s spare time.




                                                          Figure: Contestants of “The Voice”




                                                    Dancing Club

                                                    The dancing club is tutored by
                                                    professional dancing instructors.
                                                    Members of dancing club have
                                                    occasionally performed in both internal
                                                    and external events, showcasing
                                                    the elegance and demeanour of our
                                                    employees.




    Figure: Dance show Demure Orchid in 2018
            WuXi Biologics Annual Party




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   119
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      •     Employee safety and health

            WuXi Biologics assumes the attitude of
            “Being vigilant in peace time and prepared
            at all times” in work, and always takes
            production safety as the first priority. The
            Company has established a strict quality
            and safety management mechanism for
            R&D, clinical trials, technology transfer,
            manufacturing, and other processes,
            ensuring the safety of its medical products
            throughout R&D, production, sales, and
            recall. The mechanism covers occupational
            disease prevention, safety inspection, fire
            awareness education, etc.

            Occupational disease prevention

            In the absence of proper prevention,
            occupational diseases may occur
            and cause damages to employees’
            health and safety. WuXi Biologics
            classified occupational hazards into
            chemical hazards (sodium phosphate,
            sodium chloride, hydrochloric acid,
            sodium hydroxide, and isopropanol)
            and physical ones (noise and high
            temperature). Adhering to the principle
            of “Prevention first and comprehensive
            treatment”, WuXi Biologics has
            established the Industrial Hygiene
            (Occupational Health) Management
            Policy. It also regularly organizes the
            inspection of professional institutions
            and takes all kinds of measures to
            eliminate or reduce factors endangering        Figure: WuXi Biologics occupational hazard
            employees’ health.                                      inspection report of 2018


            The Company has passed the annual field inspection for occupational hazards, with all
            items examined to be in compliance with relevant national regulations.




120   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   Treatment of workplace injuries

    To reduce the harm of workplace injuries to employees, WuXi Biologics equipped
    first-aid kit for every 100 employees on each floor to ensure employees can receive
    timely first aid treatment if injures happen. The Company follows the occupational
    health accident procedures provided in Industrial Hygiene (Occupational Health)
    Management Policy to deal with work injuries. The EHS Department will arrange
    investigation and relevant personnel (e.g. the direct superior, or person from the EHS
    Department or HR Department) will offer counselling to the injured. In 2018, no fatality
    occurred at WuXi Biologics, though 17 days were lost due to workplace injuries.

•   Safety inspection

    WuXi Biologics implements a strict
    safety inspection system, which
    required monthly safety inspection
    on every lab. Any safety violation
    observed will be recorded and the
    responsible lab will be penalized,
    with follow-up monitoring until the
    issue is completely resolved. The
    Company also offers three-level
    standard operating procedures
    (SOP) training, namely, at the
    company-level, department-level,
    and group-level. Before
    commencement of work, new joiners
    must attend such safety trainings.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   121
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      •     Safety awareness promotion

            In 2018, WuXi Biologics carried out internal EHS training. The total number of training
            sessions was 155, and the total number of person-time was 15,902 with a total training
            duration of 56,993 hours. The training aims to improve the safety awareness of
            employees, pay attention to safety management in daily work, and practice the “safety
            first” production essentials in details.

            The Safe Production Month was launched
            by the Wuxi Environmental Health and
            Safety Department (EHS) from 21 to 30 June
            2018. The theme for this year’s promotion is
            “Life First, Safety Prioritized”. The Company
            has organized a series of activities to raise
            employees’ safety awareness. The activities were
            diversified, including “Posters and educational
            videos for safety”, “Find the hidden risks”,
            “I am a first-aider”, “Emergency evacuation
            drill”, “Chemical leakage response drill”,
            “Safety knowledge competition”, etc. Everyone
            enjoyed the activities very much and active
            and enthusiastic responses were received.
            Meanwhile, such activities also enhanced the
            safety awareness and safety protection ability of
            all the employees.




122   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


•   Fire drill

    WuXi Biologics devotes much attention
    to deepening employees’ safety
    awareness. It has two fire drills among
    employees every year, further raising
    the fire safety awareness in practices
    and reinforcing the policy “Prevention
    first, and combining prevention with
    fire-fighting” across the Company.




                                                 Figure: WuXi Biologics’ fire drill in 2018


Commitment to community services

WuXi Biologics has always been very passionate about public services and campus
activities. It believes that public services can improve the cohesion and sense of belongings
to the Company, and spread its corporate spirit of devotion to the public.

•   Promoting local employment

    WuXi Biologics recruits and introduces        Number of in-service employees
    talents in strict compliance with                          2018
    relevant legal provisions such as
    Labour Law. In recent years, with
    the continuous development of the
                                                  2,500
    Company, the gradual improvement
    of production capacity, and the               2,000
    implementation of its global strategic
    layout, the Company has provided              1,500
    more and more local job opportunities,
    fulfilling its social responsibilities        1,000
    to promote local development and
    employment.                                    500

                                                      0
    As of December 31, 2018, its in-service
                                                     Shanghai Wuxi    Suzhou Overseas
    employees reached 1,905 in Shanghai,
    2,028 in Wuxi, 175 in Suzhou, and 33      Female  1,135    1,009     110    17
    overseas, increased by 1,598 in total     Male     770     1,019      65    16
    with a growth rate of 62.8% year-on-                  Male    Female
    year which implies that WuXi Biologics
    has continuously provided more local employment opportunities.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   123
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      •     Voluntary blood donation                                  Comparison of
                                                                  the employees’ number
            WuXi Biologics is actively
                                                          4,500
            cooperating with Shanghai Pudong                                              4,141

            New Area Blood Management                     4,000

            Office to participate in the annual           3,500
            voluntary blood donation activities.
                                                          3,000
            In 2018, WuXi Biologic and its                                      2,543
            three subsidiaries took active part in        2,500

            blood donation activities. The actual         2,000
                                                                     1,624
            number of participants was 83, with           1,500
            a blood donation of 200 cc per
            capita, and a total of 16,600 cc.             1,000

                                                           500
      •     School-enterprise cooperation                    0
                                                                     2016       2017      2018
            In 2018, WuXi Biologics actively            Number of
                                                                    1,624       2,543     4,141
                                                        employees
            participated in the school-enterprise
            cooperation program to provide
            benefits and scholarships to the students and sponsored club activities. We firmly
            believe that we should strive to work with college and university to develop talents that
            can meet the enterprise’s needs while presenting academic excellence of the university.
            This win-win situation can only be achieved jointly with the cooperation with colleges
            and universities.

      Case: Scholarship for students of Jiangnan University

      On January 19, 2018, Dr. Wang, Vice President of WuXi Biologics, and Ms. Lin, HR
      business partner of the Biologics and Development Department, attended the “WuXi
      Biologics Social Scholarship and Faculty Fellowship” awarding ceremony held by School of
      Biotechnology of Jiangnan University. At the ceremony, Dr. Wang encouraged students to
      study hard and be bold to practise, as well as extended his welcome for them to join WuXi
      Biologics upon graduation.




124   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: Tsinghua University School of Life Sciences Doctoral Program Summer
      Internship Group

In August 5 to 10, 2018, it was
the first time for the 16 students
from the Tsinghua University
School of Life Sciences Doctoral
Program Summer Internship
Group to undertake their
internship at WuXi Biologics.
Orientated by the employees of
WuXi Biologics, the students from
the Internship Group learned
about the Company’s business,
received compliance training,
and gained knowledge by visiting
various departments.


Feedback from participants:

“Compliance is the basis of WuXi Biologics. We can deeply feel the Company’s emphasis on
compliance as they even offer compliance training for short-term participants like us!”

“There are learning and visits every day that correct my past recognition, which is the
greatest pleasure for me during this internship.”

Case: Chief Technology Officer of WuXi Biologics was hired as a tutor for Neo
      Startup at Shanghai Jiao Tong University

On November 11, 2018, the opening ceremony of “2018 Neo Show Week” was successfully
held at Shanghai Jiao Tong University and the Chief Technology Officer and senior vice
president of WuXi Biologics, Dr. Weichang Zhou was invited to deliver a speech at the
event. He was also hired as a tutor for neo startup at the Shanghai Jiao Tong University. The
Company will also discuss with Shanghai Jiaotong University to carry out school-enterprise
cooperation, promoting the industrialization of scientific research results. In the event, Dr.
Weichang Zhou shared his experience in starting up a business and emphasized the core
position of talent strategy in the Company’s development, arousing the general consensus of
the guests.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   125
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Green operation

      •     Emissions management

            WuXi Biologics has set up the
            EHS Department staffed with
            environmental management
            professionals to effectively
            perform emissions management
            and continuous monitoring.
            We also regularly engage
            qualified testing institutions to
            do corresponding Environmental
            Impact Assessment (EIA) tests at
            the three sites (Shanghai, Wuxi,
            and Suzhou), and issue EIA
            reports to diagnose our emission
            of waste water, waste gas, noise,
            as well as solid wastes. In 2018, there was no excessive emissions at WuXi Biologics.

            Note:    The Suzhou site mainly focuses on biosafety testing. With only a very small scale of
                     operation of 175 employees in addition to the fact that, it has no emission of industrial
                     waste water or gas, therefore its environmental data was not collected and disclosed in
                     this part of the Report.

      •     Waste gas treatment

            WuXi Biologics produces only a small
            volume of waste gas during laboratory
            operations, which will be discharged from
            the fuming hood via its exhaust system. A
            treatment device has been installed at the end
            of ventilation system in each laboratory for
            up-to-standard gas emissions. The Company’s
            emissions in 2018 complied with national
            regulations with corresponding records kept
            by a third party, ensuring no environmental
            impact was caused by the gas emission,
            making sure the hydrogen chloride and
            non-methane hydrocarbons in gas emissions
            are within limits, thus, when being diluted
            in the air, having small impacts on the
            surrounding companies and residents as well
            as other environment-sensitive targets.

                                                                        Figure: VOC ventilating chimney




126   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    Since 2018, WuXi Biologics has begun to implement the “VOC (volatile organic
    compound) ventilating chimney” program, which effectively captured the waste gases
    generated by labs, and discharged them at 15m above the roof after treatment. These
    effective prevention and control measures could:

    •    Ensure the emission of main pollutants, namely hydrochloric acid and sodium
         hydroxide, meet the Integrated Emission Standard of Air Pollutants

    •    Ensure the emission of ethanol, acetic acid, and benzyl alcohol meet the Technical
         Methods for Making Local Emission Standards of Air Pollutants (GB/T 13201–91)

    According to the EIA tests, all emitted gases out of the program’s scope, including
    hydrochloric acid, sodium hydroxide, ethanol, acetic acid, and benzyl alcohol, were
    within the fugitive emissions limits.

In 2018 WuXi Biologics had a total carbon dioxide emission of 4,182.00 tons, and 1.01 tons
per capita.

                         Indicator                                         2018 Data
     Total waste gases from boiler (10,000 standard m³)                     3,139.00
                      Total NOx (ton)                                         2.35
                       Total dust(ton)                                        0.07
                       Total CO2 (ton)                                      4,182.00
                Total hazardous wastes (ton)                                 857.11
             Total non-hazardous wastes (ton)                                367.50
                   Total waste water (ton)                                 163,747.84

•   Solid waste treatment

    Hazardous wastes

    WuXi Biologics has formulated the Hazardous Waste Management Policy to monitor
    and manage the generation, capture, storage, transfer, and disposal of hazardous
    wastes. WuXi Biologics requires that the heads of departments generating hazardous
    wastes to ensure harmless disposal, and employees in these departments must know
    the waste classification and disposal methods. All wastes are disposed of following
    specified processes, during which employees are properly protected and different types
    of wastes are placed in different temporary storage sites. The hazardous wastes disposal
    rate is 100%, with no impacts to the environment.

    In 2018, WuXi Biologics had a total generation of hazardous waste of 857.11 tons and
    206.98 kg per capita. In 2018, there was no environmental pollution incident due to
    hazardous wastes.

    Non-hazardous wastes

    The Shanghai site reports to Shanghai Waste Management Centre for the disposal costs
    of office solid waste, and the government is responsible for the clean-up and disposal
    work. In 2018, the office solid waste generated in Wuxi was 367.5 tons and 180 kg per
    capita.



                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   127
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      •     Waste water treatment

            Most of the waste water of WuXi Biologics is generated by daily biologics development
            experiments. WuXi Biologics is equipped with a sewage treatment station to uniformly
            collect and process the waste water. WuXi Biologics has installed the online Chemical
            Oxygen Demand (“COD”) detection equipment, and established the supporting water
            treatment operation procedures. WuXi Biologics has also arranged personnel to carry
            out the operational maintenance work for the sewage treatment station regularly.
            Periodical self-inspections on the water samples and irregularity monitoring of the
            environmental monitoring station are conducted to ensure that the treated effluent
            meets the discharge standards set for the municipal pipe networks.

            Our Wuxi site works with the governmental sewage treatment station, and the
            government is responsible for processing the waste water collected. The Wuxi site
            generated a total of 163,747.84 tons of waste water in 2018.

            In 2018, WuXi Biologics’s waste water treatment rate reached 100%, and it has
            promoted the work of reutilization of waste water. Our Wuxi site carries out the re-use
            of concentrated water to reduce the amount of waste water discharged and to realize
            the recycle of waste water resources.

      Case: Concentrated water reuse at Wuxi site

      Wuxi site produces a large amount of concentrated water and cooling water of boilers
      during manufacturing. Direct discharge of these water into the sewage disposal system
      could lead to a serious waste of water resources, increase the burden of the sewage disposal
      system, and raise the cost of sewage disposal largely.

      Therefore, the Phase III plant of Wuxi site has launched the concentrated water reuse
      program, aiming to reduce the amount of waste water discharge and increase the cyclic
      utilization of water resources. The program achieved sizable water saving results.

      •     Energy conservation & emissions reduction
                                                                                      2018
            Seeking for circular
            development, WuXi               Index                                  Total     Per Capita
            Biologics recycles the
                                            Total water consumption (t)       519,787.00        125.52
            waste heat, waste water,
            and other wastes created in     Total power consumption
                                            (KWH)                          53,954,373.00      13,029.31
            production, comprehensively
            utilizes resources, increases   Total gas consumption (m³)      3,381,315.00        816.55
            investment in waste recovery
            devices, and replaces the       Total packaging materials (kg)     10,287.00           N/A
            high-energy consuming aged
            equipment to cut down energy consumption and waste generation.




128   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Case: 2018 Golden Idea — “Practical use of pipette tip boxes” to reduce
      environmental costs

Imported disposable pipette                                                        1. Reduces the cost of
tips of different specifications 5ml tip box used as desktop trash bin               desktop trash bins
                                                                                   2. Removes the need of box
are used in our laboratories.                                                        autoclave sterilization
According to our statistics,                               Replace                 3. Convenient for small
                                                                                     wastes littering at any time
WuXi Biologics uses over
5,000 boxes per year. The
disposal of used boxes                            Figure: Application of the golden idea
involves complicated
operating procedures, such as collection, autoclave sterilization, and dangerous waste
treatment which consume a lot of resources as well as manpower.

Therefore we apply the “Golden Idea” to avoid resources waste and save manpower cost by
applying:

1)    used tip boxes for desktop trash bins;

2)    used tip boxes for PCR tube racks;

3)    used tip boxes for storing sealing films

These measures have greatly reduced the workload for garbage sterilization and tedious
human manipulation, as well as procurement costs. The annual cumulative cost saving in
labor, sterilization cabinet using, and dangerous waste treatment is expected to reach over
RMB100 thousand in total, embodying the spirit of recycling operation.




                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018    129
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Appendix

      Appendix I ESG Guidance Mapping Table

                                                                                                                           Page
            Area                                              Aspects and INDEXs
                                                                                                                           No.
                          A1 Emissions                                                                                     126
                          Information on:

                          (a)   the policies; and

                          (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                                issuer relating to air and greenhouse gas emissions, discharges into water and land,
                                and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.
                          A1.1                                                                                             127
                          The types of emissions and respective emissions data.
                          A1.2                                                                                             127
                          Greenhouse gas emissions in total (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit
                          of production volume, per facility).
                          A1.3                                                                                             127
                          Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit
                          of production volume, per facility).
                          A1.4                                                                                             127
                          Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per
                          unit of production volume, per facility).
                          A1.5                                                                                             126
       A. Environmental
                          Description of measures to mitigate emissions and results achieved.
                          A1.6                                                                                             127
                          Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are handled, reduction initiatives
                          and results achieved.
                          A2 Use of resources                                                                              128
                          Policies on efficient use of resources, including energy, water and other raw materials.
                          A2.1                                                                                             128
                          Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity, gas or oil) in total (kWh
                          in ’000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
                          A2.2                                                                                             128
                          Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).
                          A2.3                                                                                             128
                          Description of energy use efficiency initiatives and results achieved.
                          A2.4                                                                                             128
                          Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose, water
                          efficiency initiatives and results achieved.
                          A2.5                                                                                             128
                          Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes) and, if applicable, with
                          reference to per unit produced.




130   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Appendix (Continued)

Appendix I ESG Guidance Mapping Table (Continued)

                                                                                                                   Page
     Area                                              Aspects and INDEXs
                                                                                                                   No.
                   A3 Environment and natural resources                                                            126
                   Policies on minimising the issuer’s significant impact on the environment and natural
                   resources.
A. Environmental
                   A3.1                                                                                            126
                   Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment and natural resources
                   and the actions taken to manage them.
                   B1 Employment                                                                                   117
                   Information on:

                   (a)   the policies; and

                   (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                         issue relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working
                         hours, rest periods, equal opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination, and other
                         benefits and welfare.
                   B1.1                                                                                            117
                   Total workforce by gender, employment type, age group and geographical region.
                   B1.2                                                                                            118
                   Employee turnover rate by gender, age group and geographical region.
                   B2 Health and safety                                                                            120
                   Information on:

                   (a)   the policies; and

   B. Social       (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                         issue relating to providing a safe working environment and protecting employees from
                         occupational hazards.
                   B2.1                                                                                            121
                   Number and rate of work-related fatalities.
                   B2.2                                                                                            121
                   Lost days due to work injury.
                   B2.3                                                                                            120
                   Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted, how they are implemented
                   and monitored.
                   B3 Development and training                                                                     110
                   Policies on improving employees’ knowledge and skills for discharging duties at work.
                   Description of training activities.
                   B3.1                                                                                            110
                   The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee category (e.g. senior
                   management, middle management).
                   B3.2                                                                                            110
                   The average training hours completed per employee by gender and employee category.




                                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.        Annual Report 2018   131
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Appendix (Continued)

      Appendix I ESG Guidance Mapping Table (Continued)

                                                                                                                           Page
             Area                                             Aspects and INDEXs
                                                                                                                           No.
                         B4 Labour standards                                                                               117
                         Information on:

                         (a)   the policies; and

                         (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                               issuer relating to preventing child and forced labour.
                         B4.1                                                                                              117
                         Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid child and forced labour.
                         B4.2                                                                                              117
                         Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when discovered.
                         B5 Supply chain management                                                                        98
                         Policies on managing environmental and social risks of the supply chain.
                         B5.1                                                                                              100
                         Number of suppliers by geographical region.
                         B5.2                                                                                              99
                         Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of suppliers where the
                         practices are being implemented, how they are implemented and monitored.

                         B6 Product responsibility                                                                         112
           B. Social     Information on:

                         (a)   the policies; and

                         (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                               issuer relating to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating
                               to products and services provided, and methods of redress.
                         B6.1                                                                                              113
                         Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for safety and health reasons.

                         B6.2                                                                                              113
                         Number of products and service related complaints received and how they are dealt with.

                         B6.3                                                                                              97
                         Description of practices relating to observing and protecting intellectual property rights.

                         B6.4                                                                                              112
                         Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.
                         B6.5                                                                                              106
                         Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how they are implemented
                         and monitored.




132   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.     Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Appendix (Continued)

Appendix I ESG Guidance Mapping Table (Continued)

                                                                                                                  Page
     Area                                           Aspects and INDEXs
                                                                                                                  No.
               B7 Anti-corruption                                                                                 96
               Information on:

               (a)   the policies; and

               (b)   compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
                     issuer relating to bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering.
               B7.1                                                                                               96
               Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought against the issuer or
               its employees during the Reporting Period and the outcomes of the cases.
   B. Social   B7.2                                                                                               96
               Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures, how they are
               implemented and monitored.
               B8 Community                                                                                       123
               Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the communities where the
               issuer operates and to ensure its activities take into consideration the communities’ interests.
               B8.1                                                                                               124
               Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environment, workforce, health, culture, sport).
               B8.2                                                                                               124
               Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.




                                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.        Annual Report 2018    133
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Appendix (Continued)

      Appendix II Comparative statistics

      Chart 1: Data of environment

       Environment
                                                                                    2018            2017
       Category           Description                         Unit
                                                                            Total Amount    Total Amount
                          Production and office
       Electricity                                    Total   KWH           53,954,373.00 32,952,715.00
                          usage
                          Production and office
       Gas                                            Total   m3             3,381,315.00   2,002,403.00
                          usage
                          Production and office
       Water                                          Total   Ton             519,787.00     329,983.42
                          usage
                          Hazardous waste                                         857.11         521.63
       Waste              Non-hazardous waste         Total   Ton                 367.50         240.00
                          Waste water                                         163,747.84       40,080.00
       Packaging          Packaging materials
                                                      Total   Kg               10,287.00        7,303.30
       Materials          consumption
       Greenhouse
                          CO2                         Total   Ton                4,182.00       5,513.00
       Gases
                                                              10,000
                          Boiler flue gas                                        3,139.00              /
                                                              standard m³
       Pollutant
                                                      Total
       Emissions          Nitrogen oxide                      Ton                    2.35              /
                          Smoke                               Ton                    0.07              /




134   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Appendix (Continued)

Appendix II Comparative statistics (Continued)

Chart 2: Data of social responsibility

 Social Responsibility
                                                                                        2018              2017
 Category           Description                                  Unit
                                                                                Total Amount      Total Amount
                    Number of employees     Total                person                 4,141            2,543
                                            Female                                      2,271            1,384
                    Gender                                       person
                                            Male                                        1,870            1,159
                                            Below age 30                                2,543            1,775
                    Age                     Age 30 to 50         person                 1,507             711
                                            Above age 50                                     91             57
                                            Shanghai                                    1,905            1,182
 Employee                                   Wuxi                                        2,028            1,226
 Structure          Regional distribution                        person
                                            Suzhou                                          175           116
                                            Overseas                                         33             19
                                            Phd                                             364           244
                                            Master                                      1,723            1,053
                                            Bachelor                                    1,509             915
                    Degree distribution                          person
                                            Junior college                                  432           267
                                            High school
                                                                                            113             64
                                            and below
                                            Female                                     4.23%                 /
                    Gender                                       %
                                            Male                                       4.42%                 /
                                            Below age 30                               5.29%                 /
 Employee
                    Age                     Age 30 to 50         %                     3.29%                 /
 Turnover rate
                                            Above age 50                               0.07%                 /
                                            Overseas                                   0.09%                 /
                    Region area                                  %
                                            Domestic                                   8.56%                 /




                                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.     Annual Report 2018   135
      Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      Appendix (Continued)

      Appendix II Comparative statistics (Continued)

      Chart 2: Data of social responsibility (Continued)

       Social Responsibility
                                                                                           2018           2017
       Category           Description                                Unit
                                                                                   Total Amount   Total Amount
                          The number of deaths
       Work-related       due to work-related                        person                  0              0
       Injuries           injuries
                          Workday loss                               day                    17              0
                          Total training hours        Total          hour               57,091         31,451
                          Average hours               Total          hour/person         13.79          12.37
                                                      Senior
                                                                                           110               /
                                                      management
       Staff Training                                 Middle level
                                                                                           389               /
                                                      management
                          Rank                                       person-time
                                                      Basic level
                                                                                           389               /
                                                      management
                                                      Basic
                                                                                         4,263               /
                                                      employees
       Customer           Products and services complaints                                   0              0
                                                                     piece
       Complaints         Safety and health-led recalls                                      0              0
       Anti-corruption    Number of corruption cases                 piece                   0              0




136   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018
    Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Appendix (Continued)

Appendix III Readers' Feedback Form

 WuXi Biologics Cayman Inc. 2018 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
                           Reader's Feedback Form

Respected Readers,

Hello! Thank you for reading WuXi Biologics Cayman Inc. 2018 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report. Your opinions are important to us. Please help us improve by providing
your opinions and suggestions.

•    Name:

•    Employer:

•    Contact:


•    Your evaluation of this report
     □Very good                □Good                   □Fair               □Poor

•    Do you think whether the report structure is reasonable?
     □Very reasonable        □Reasonable               □Fair               □Unreasonable

•    Do you think whether this report is easy to read?
     □Extremely easy to read □Very easy to read        □Fair               □Not easy to read

•    Which responsibility topic do you concern the most? (Can choose more than one topic)
     □Social responsibility management                □Environmental protection
     □Business ethics                                 □Employees
     □Product R&D                                     □Society
     □Industrial cooperation                          □Shareholders
     □Suppliers management                            □Others

•    What is the level of disclosure on the topic you are concerned about?
     □Very comprehensive        □Fairly comprehensive □Partially       □Rarely included
                                                           included
     □Not included

•    What suggestions do you have for our 2018 Environmental, Social and Governance
     Report? (Open question)


You can contact us in the following ways:

Mailing address: 46#, 299 Fute Zhong Road, Waigaoqiao, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
Zone, Shanghai, China
Zip code: 200131
Tel: +86 400–820–0985
Email: ir@wuxibiologics.com
                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   137
      Independent Auditor’s Report



                                                                                      德勤
      TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF WUXI BIOLOGICS (CAYMAN) INC.
      (incorporated in Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Opinion

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (the
      “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages
      143 to 255, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December
      31, 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
      consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
      year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
      significant accounting policies.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the
      consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2018, and of its
      consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
      in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the
      International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in
      compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”)
      issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our
      responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities
      for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
      independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
      Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
      accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

      Key Audit Matters

      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most
      significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These
      matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
      these matters.




138   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                  Independent Auditor’s Report


Key audit matter                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets under ECL model

We identified impairment assessment       Our procedures in relation to the impairment
of trade receivables and contract         assessment of trade receivables and contract
assets as a key audit matter due to       assets included:
significance of the Group’s trade
receivables and contract assets in the    •   Understanding key controls on how the
context of the Group’s consolidated           management estimates the loss allowance
financial statements, combined with the       for trade receivables and contract assets;
management estimates involved.
                                          •   Testing the integrity of information used
As disclosed in notes 22 and 23 to the        by management to develop the provision
consolidated financial statements, as         matrix, including trade receivables and
at December 31, 2018, the carrying            contract assets historical collecting
amount of trade receivables amounted          payments records over the past experience
to approximately RMB762.9 million             as at December 31, 2018, on a sample
(net of allowance for credit losses of        basis, by comparing individual items in the
RMB56.3 million) and contract assets          analysis with the supporting documents;
amounted to approximately RMB36.0
million (net of allowance for credit      •   Challenging management’s basis and
losses of RMB6.6 million) which in            judgement in determining credit loss
total represented approximately 13.9%         allowance on trade receivables and contract
of the Group’s total current assets. As       assets as at December 31, 2018, including
disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated       their identification of credit impaired
financial statements, the estimates           trade receivables and contract assets, the
of impairment assessment of trade             reasonableness of management’s grouping
receivables and contract assets require       of the remaining trade debtors into different
the use of management estimates.              categories in the provision matrix, and
                                              the basis of estimated loss rates applied in
                                              each category in the provision matrix (with
                                              reference to historical default rates and
                                              forward-looking information); and

                                          •   Evaluating the disclosures regarding the
                                              impairment assessment of trade receivables
                                              and contract assets in notes 31(b) to the
                                              consolidated financial statements.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   139
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      Key audit matter                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Impairment of contract costs

      We identified the impairment of                     Our procedures in relation to the impairment
      contract costs as a key audit matter due            assessment of contract costs included:
      to significance of the Group’s contract
      costs in the context of the Group’s                 •   Obtaining an understanding of the
      consolidated financial statements,                      management controls over the assessment of
      combined with the management                            the recoverable amount;
      estimates involved in the recoverable
      amount.                                             •   Examining the reasonableness of the
                                                              recoverable amount, on a sample basis,
      Contract costs mainly consists of cost                  by checking the remaining amount of
      of materials consumed, cost of direct                   consideration to be recognized upon the
      labour, other direct costs and related                  completion of the contract costs and the
      overheads engaged in providing the                      estimated percentage of completion at the
      biologics discovery, development and                    end of the Reporting Period;
      manufacturing services. As disclosed in
      note 21 to the consolidated financial               •   Checking to the contracts costs, on a sample
      statements, as at December 31, 2018,                    basis, movement information to ensure the
      the carrying amount of contract                         slow-moving contracts are identified; and
      costs amounted to approximately
      RMB294.6 million. As disclosed in                   •   Evaluating the adequacy of impairment
      note 4 to the consolidated financial                    provision on contract costs with reference
      statements, impairment are applied to                   to the remaining amount of consideration
      contract costs where events or changes                  to receive less the costs directly relate
      in circumstances indicate that the                      to providing services that have not been
      recoverable amount is lower than the                    recognized as expense is lower than the
      cost of contract costs. The assessment of               carrying amount of contract costs.
      the recoverable amount requires the use
      of management estimates.

      Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
      Consolidated Financial Statements

      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated
      financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the
      IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
      such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
      whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are
      responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as
      applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
      unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.


140   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                   Independent Auditor’s Report


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement
when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

o   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
    statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
    responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
    to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
    collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal
    control.

o   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
    audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of
    expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

o   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
    accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors of the Company.

o   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of
    accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
    exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s
    ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
    we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in
    the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify
    our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date
    of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to
    cease to continue as a going concern.

o   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial
    statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements
    represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair
    presentation.



                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   141
      Independent Auditor’s Report


      o     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
            of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the
            consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and
            performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
      the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any
      significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

      We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied
      with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with
      them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our
      independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

      From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those
      matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements
      of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters
      in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
      matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
      be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would
      reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Joseph
      Wing Ming Chan.




      Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
      Certified Public Accountants
      Hong Kong

      March 18, 2019




142   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                     Other Comprehensive Income
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018



                                                       NOTES              2018             2017
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

Revenue                                                   5           2,534,453        1,618,829
Cost of services                                                     (1,516,698)        (958,272)

Gross profit                                                          1,017,755           660,557
Other income                                              6             194,217            34,694
Impairment losses, net of reversal                        9             (55,940)          (13,747)
Other gains and losses                                    7              21,128           (89,863)
Selling and marketing expenses                                          (42,430)          (27,622)
Administrative expenses                                                (227,721)         (134,019)
Research and development expenses                                      (169,287)          (74,479)
Other expenses                                            9                  —            (16,143)
Finance cost                                              8                  —            (35,691)

Profit before tax                                        9              737,722          303,687
Income tax expense                                       10            (107,257)         (51,059)

Profit for the year                                                     630,465          252,628


Other comprehensive income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
  profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of
  foreign operations                                                         102                —
Fair value gain on hedging instruments designated
  in cash flow hedges                                                    11,701                 —

Other comprehensive income for the year                                  11,803                 —


Total comprehensive income for the year                                 642,268          252,628

                                                                                       (continued)




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   143
      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
      Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended December 31, 2018



                                                          NOTES      2018       2017
                                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000
      Profit for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                       630,592    252,628
      Non-controlling interests                                      (127)        —

                                                                  630,465    252,628


      Total comprehensive income for the year
       attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                       642,395    252,628
      Non-controlling interests                                      (127)        —

                                                                  642,268    252,628


                                                                     RMB        RMB

      Earnings per share — Basic                           12        0.52       0.24


                             — Diluted                     12        0.48       0.22




144   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                At December 31, 2018




                                                           NOTES              2018             2017
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000

Non-current Assets
Plant and equipment                                          13           2,903,900        1,780,172
Deferred tax assets                                          14              22,481            6,855
Intangible assets                                            15             331,813               —
Deposits paid for acquisition of a land use right                                —            17,128
Prepaid lease payments                                       16             168,623               —
Equity instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                      17             136,578                 —
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  (“FVTPL”)                                                  18              55,699                —
Derivative financial assets                                  27               9,847                —
Other long-term deposits                                     19              19,021            11,378

                                                                          3,647,962        1,815,533

Current Assets
Inventories                                                  20             227,189          135,547
Service work in progress                                                         —           202,389
Contract costs                                               21             294,569               —
Trade and other receivables                                  22           1,067,235          614,302
Contract assets                                              23              36,026               —
Prepaid lease payments                                       16               2,910               —
Financial assets at FVTPL/designated at FVTPL                18                  —           641,333
Tax recoverable                                                                 793               —
Pledged bank deposits                                        24              25,197           21,189
Time deposits                                                24                  —           914,788
Bank balances and cash                                       24           4,084,395          503,881
Derivative financial assets                                  27               6,874               —

                                                                          5,745,188        3,033,429

Current Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                     25             711,779          784,669
Contract liabilities                                         26             499,743               —
Income tax payable                                                           88,244           13,405
Derivative financial liabilities                             27              18,991               —

                                                                          1,318,757          798,074

Net Current Assets                                                        4,426,431        2,235,355

Total Assets Less Current Liabilities                                     8,074,393        4,050,888

                                                                                           (continued)

                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   145
      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At December 31, 2018




                                                          NOTES          2018        2017
                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Non-current Liabilities
      Deferred revenue                                     28           77,408      19,711
      Derivative financial liabilities                     27               77          —
      Deferred tax liabilities                             14            2,680       6,817

                                                                        80,165      26,528

      Net Assets                                                     7,994,228    4,024,360


      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital                                        29              202          192
      Reserves                                                       7,993,553    4,024,168

      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                   7,993,755    4,024,360
      Non-controlling interests                                            473           —

      Total Equity                                                   7,994,228    4,024,360


      The consolidated financial statements on pages 143 to 255 were approved and authorized
      for issue by the Board of Directors on March 18, 2019 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Zhisheng Chen                            Weichang Zhou
                          DIRECTOR                                 DIRECTOR




146   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2018




                                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                        Equity-settled                                      Foreign
                                                                                         share-based       Cash flow           Group      currency                                   Non-
                                                                            Statutory   compensation         hedging reorganization      translation   Retained                 controlling
                                             Share capital Share premium     reserve          reserve         reserve         reserve       reserve    earnings    Sub-total      interests       Total
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                             (Note i)        (Note ii)                      (Note iii)



At January 1, 2017                                   158              —       28,016          81,396               —           (4,636)           —     165,533      270,467             —      270,467


Total comprehensive income for the year               —               —           —                —               —                —            —     252,628      252,628             —      252,628
Transfer to statutory reserve                         —               —       23,923               —               —                —            —      (23,923)          —             —            —
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
   compensation                                       —               —           —           65,076               —                —            —           —       65,076             —       65,076
Issue of shares at premium through initial
   public offerings (note 29)                         34      3,572,905           —                —               —                —            —           —     3,572,939            —     3,572,939
Transaction costs attribute to issue of
   new shares                                         —         (136,750)         —                —               —                —            —           —      (136,750)           —      (136,750)



At December 31, 2017                                 192       3,436,155      51,939         146,472               —           (4,636)           —     394,238     4,024,360            —     4,024,360



Adjustments (note 2)                                  —               —           —                —               —                —            —       (7,598)      (7,598)           —        (7,598)



At January 1, 2018 (restated)                        192       3,436,155      51,939         146,472               —           (4,636)           —     386,640     4,016,762            —     4,016,762


Profit for the year                                   —               —           —                —               —                —            —     630,592      630,592           (127)    630,465
Other comprehensive income for the year               —               —           —                —          11,701                —           102          —       11,803             —       11,803



Total comprehensive income for the year               —               —           —                —          11,701                —           102    630,592      642,395           (127)    642,268



Transfer to statutory reserve                         —               —       55,006               —               —                —            —      (55,006)          —             —            —
Recognition of equity-settled share-based
   compensation                                       —               —           —          128,374               —                —            —           —      128,374             —      128,374
Exercise of pre-IPO share options                      1         27,375           —            (7,842)             —                —            —           —       19,534             —       19,534
Issue of new shares (note 29)                          9      3,205,917           —                —               —                —            —           —     3,205,926            —     3,205,926
Transaction costs attributable to issue of
   new shares                                         —          (19,236)         —                —               —                —            —           —       (19,236)           —       (19,236)
Contribution from non-controlling
   shareholders                                       —               —           —                —               —                —            —           —            —            600         600



At December 31, 2018                                 202       6,650,211    106,945          267,004          11,701           (4,636)          102    962,226     7,993,755           473    7,994,228




                                                                                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                         Annual Report 2018                147
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      Notes:

      (i)     In accordance with the Articles of Association of all subsidiaries of WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.
              (the “Company”) established in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), they are required to
              transfer 10% of the profit after tax to the statutory reserve until the reserve reaches 50% of the
              registered capital. Transfer to this reserve must be made before distributing dividends to equity
              holders. The statutory reserve can be used to make up for previous years’ losses, expand the
              existing operations or convert into additional capital of the subsidiaries.

      (ii)    The amount represents the equity-settled share-based compensation in respect of share options
              for shares of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. (“WuXi PharmaTech”), the then ultimate holding
              company of the Company before the completion of the group reorganization of the Company
              (see Note iii below), for the equity instruments granted by WuXi PharmaTech to certain directors
              of the Company and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to
              as the “Group”) for their service rendered to the Group and the equity-settled share-based
              compensation under the Company’s pre-IPO share option scheme (the “Pre-IPO Share Option
              Scheme”) and the Company’s restricted share award scheme (the “Restricted Share Award
              Scheme”) as disclosed in note 37.

      (iii)   Group reorganization reserve represents the combined capital contribution of the entities
              comprising the Group, net of the settlement of the payables to their then shareholders; and the
              administration service cost borne or on behalf of the fellow subsidiaries by the Company prior
              to the completion of a group reorganization to rationalize the current group structure as at
              December 31, 2015 (the “Group Reorganization”).




148   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                      737,722          303,687
Adjustments for:
Interest expense                                                            —             35,691
Depreciation for plant and equipment                                   131,563            87,479
Amortization of intangible assets                                        9,969                —
Amortization of prepaid lease payments                                   2,238                —
Amortization of retention bonus                                          2,113                —
Impairment loss (reversal)
— trade and other receivables                                           60,271             8,788
— contract assets/unbilled revenue                                      (4,331)            4,959
Write down of inventories                                                4,041             2,665
Write down of contract costs                                             2,475                —
Net foreign exchange (gain) loss                                       (17,736)           25,382
Share-based compensation expense                                       128,374            65,076
Income from government grants and subsidies                             (2,845)           (1,298)
Interest income                                                        (78,394)           (8,746)
Gain on changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL             (11,170)           (6,877)
Loss on derivative financial liabilities                                93,942                —
Loss on disposal of plant and equipment                                  1,215             1,001

                                                                     1,059,447          517,807
Income tax paid                                                        (52,103)         (43,335)

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital             1,007,344          474,472

Increase in inventories and service work in progress                   (95,683)         (103,642)
Increase in contract costs                                             (14,075)               —
Increase in trade and other receivables                               (452,521)         (203,076)
Increase in contract assets                                            (11,064)               —
Increase in other long-term deposits                                    (9,756)          (11,378)
Increase in contract liabilities                                       153,853                —
Increase in trade and other payables                                   183,509           203,904

NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES                              761,607          360,280




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   149
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




                                                                  2018          2017
                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Proceeds on disposal of plant and equipment                    530            50
      Purchase of plant and equipment                         (1,340,586)     (670,601)
      Purchase of prepaid lease payments                        (156,643)           —
      Purchase of equity instruments at FVTOCI                  (130,993)           —
      Purchase of intangible assets                             (333,254)           —
      Deposits paid for acquisition of a land use right               —        (17,128)
      Government grants and subsidies received                    60,542         8,450
      Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                         71,512       135,450
      Placement of pledged bank deposits                         (75,520)     (123,377)
      Withdrawal of financial assets designated as at FVTPL    1,444,708     1,275,430
      Placement of financial assets designated as at FVTPL      (846,325)   (1,909,886)
      Receipt of interest from bank                               79,755         3,149
      Withdrawal of time deposits                                890,087            —
      Placement of time deposits                                      —       (914,788)
      Settlement of derivative financial instruments             (79,887)           —

      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                    (416,074)    (2,213,251)

      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Proceeds from bank borrowings                                   —        346,585
      Repayment of bank borrowings                                    —     (1,238,616)
      Interest paid                                                   —        (36,292)
      Finance lease charges paid                                      —           (476)
      Repayment of obligation under a finance lease to
        a related party                                               —       (10,869)
      Advance from related parties                                    —        55,026
      Repayment to related parties                                    —      (238,915)
      Repayment to related parties in relation to Group
        Reorganization                                               —        (83,325)
      Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                  3,205,926     3,572,939
      Payment of issue cost                                     (19,236)           —
      Proceeds from exercise of pre-IPO share options            19,534            —
      Proceeds from contribution from non-controlling
        shareholders of a subsidiary                                600            —
      Payment of listing related expense                             —       (136,750)

      NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES               3,206,824     2,229,307

      Effects of exchange rate changes                           28,157        (41,557)

      NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS               3,580,514       334,779

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR            503,881       169,102

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR,
       REPRESENTED BY BANK BALANCES AND CASH                  4,084,395       503,881


150   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     The Company was established in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with
     limited liability on February 27, 2014, and its shares have been listed on the Main
     Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since June 13, 2017. The addresses
     of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in
     the corporate information section to the annual report. The Company is an investment
     holding company. The Group is principally engaged in provision of discovery,
     development and manufacturing of biologics services.

     As at the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements, the immediate
     and ultimate holding company of the Company is WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited
     (“Biologics Holdings”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, which
     is ultimately controlled by Dr. Ge Li (“Dr. Li”); Dr. Ning Zhao, the spouse of Dr. Li;
     Mr. Xiaozhong Liu and Mr. Zhaohui Zhang who are all acting in concert (collectively
     known as “Controlling Shareholders”).

     The functional currency of the Company is Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the same as the
     presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”)

     New and Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

     The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) for the first time in the current
     year:

     IFRS 9                     Financial Instruments
     IFRS 15                    Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the related
                                  Amendments
     IFRIC 22                   Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
     Amendments to IFRS 2       Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment
                                  Transactions
     Amendments to IFRS 4       Applying IFRS 9 Financial Instruments with IFRS 4 Insurance
                                  Contracts
     Amendments to IAS 28       As part of the Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2014–2016
                                  Cycle
     Amendments to IAS 40       Transfers of Investment Property




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

            Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRSs in
            the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance
            and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these
            consolidated financial statements.

      2.1 IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

            The Group has applied IFRS 15 for the first time in the year ended December 31, 2018.
            IFRS 15 superseded IAS 18 Revenue and the related interpretations.

            The Group has applied IFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially
            applying this Standard recognized at the date of initial application, January 1, 2018.
            Any difference at the date of initial application is recognized in the opening retained
            earnings (or other components of equity, as appropriate) and comparative information
            has not been restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the transition provisions in IFRS
            15, the Group has elected to apply the Standard retrospectively only to contracts that
            are not completed at January 1, 2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information
            may not be comparable as comparative information was prepared under IAS 18
            Revenue and the related interpretations.

            Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15

            Taking into account the changes in accounting policy arising from initial application
            of IFRS 15 as stated in note 3, the directors of the Company considered that the initial
            application of IFRS 15 has no material impact on the timing and amount of revenue
            recognized.

            The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognized in the consolidated
            statement of financial position at January 1, 2018. Line items that were not affected by
            the changes have not been included.

                                                      Carrying amounts
                                                              previously
                                                             reported at                                    Carrying amounts
                                                         December 31,                                        under IFRS 15 at
                                              Notes                2017    Reclassification   Remeasurement January 1, 2018*
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

            Current assets
            Service work in progress            a              202,389           (202,389)               —                —
            Contract costs                      a                   —             202,389                —           202,389
            Trade and other receivables        b, d            614,302            (24,447)           91,144          680,999
            Contract assets                     b                   —              24,447                —            24,447
            Current liabilities
            Trade and other payables            c              784,669           (254,746)               —           529,923
            Contract liabilities               c, d                 —             254,746            91,144          345,890

            *     The amounts in this column are before the adjustments from the application of IFRS 9.



152   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.        Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

2.1 IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Continued)

     Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15 (Continued)

     Notes:

     (a)   As at January 1, 2018, service work in progress of RMB202,389,000 are cost incurred in
           fulfilling contracts with customers. The costs incurred relate directly to specific identified
           contracts, generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying
           performance obligations in the future and are expected to be recovered. Thus, as at January
           1, 2018, service work in progress were reclassified to contract costs.

     (b)   As at January 1, 2018, unbilled revenue included in trade and other receivables of
           RMB24,447,000 arising from contracts with customers which are conditional on the
           Group’s achieving specified milestones as stipulated in the contracts, and hence such
           balance was reclassified from trade and other receivables to contract assets.

     (c)   As at January 1, 2018, advances from customers of RMB254,746,000 in respect of contracts
           with customers previously included in trade and other payables were reclassified to contract
           liabilities.

     (d)   As at January 1, 2018, RMB91,144,000 related to advance billings to customers for research
           services were recognized in trade receivables and contract liabilities upon application of
           IFRS 15.

     The following tables summarize the impacts of applying IFRS 15 on the Group’s
     consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2018 for each of the
     line items affected. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
     included.

     Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                          without
                                                                                    application of
                                                       As reported      Adjustments       IFRS 15
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

     Current assets
     Service work in progress                                  —             294,569          294,569
     Contract costs                                       294,569           (294,569)              —
     Trade and other receivables                        1,067,235           (123,636)         943,599
     Contract assets                                       36,026            (36,026)              —
     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                              711,779           340,081        1,051,860
     Contract liabilities                                  499,743          (499,743)              —



                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

      2.1 IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Continued)

            Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 15 (Continued)

            Impact on the consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                         Amounts
                                                                                          without
                                                                                    application of
                                                          As reported   Adjustments       IFRS 15
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

            Operating Activities
            Increase in service work in progress                  —         (14,075)        (14,075)
            Increase in contract costs                       (14,075)        14,075              —
            Increase in trade and other receivables         (452,521)       (11,064)       (463,585)
            Increase in contract assets                      (11,064)        11,064              —
            Increase in trade and other payables             183,509        153,853         337,362
            Increase in contract liabilities                 153,853       (153,853)             —

      2.2 IFRS 9 Financial Instruments

            In the current year, the Group has applied IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and the related
            consequential amendments to other IFRSs. IFRS 9 introduces new requirements for
            1) the classification and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, 2)
            expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial assets and other items (for example, contract
            assets) and 3) general hedge accounting.

            The Group has applied IFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out
            in IFRS 9, i.e. applied the classification and measurement requirements (including
            impairment under ECL model) retrospectively to instruments that have not been
            derecognized as at January 1, 2018 (date of initial application) and has not applied the
            requirements to instruments that have already been derecognized as at January 1, 2018.
            The difference between carrying amounts as at December 31, 2017 and the carrying
            amounts as at January 1, 2018 are recognized in the opening retained earnings and
            other components of equity, without restating comparative information.

            Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative
            information was prepared under IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and
            Measurement.

            In addition, the Group has applied hedge accounting first time in accordance with IFRS
            9 in the current year.

            Accounting policies resulting from application of IFRS 9 are disclosed in note 3.


154   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

2.2 IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (Continued)

     Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 9

     The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets and
     other items subject to ECL under IFRS 9 and IAS 39 at the date of initial application,
     January 1, 2018.

                                                                       Amortized
                                                                              cost
                                              Financial               (previously
                                                  assets   Financial classified as
                                             designated     assets at loans and      Contract     Deferred    Retained
                                     Notes    at FVTPL        FVTPL receivables)       assets    tax assets    earnings
                                              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

     Closing balance at December
        31, 2017 — IAS 39                      641,333           —     1,913,351           —            —           —
     Effect arising from initial
        application of IFRS 15                       —           —         66,697     24,447            —           —
     Effect arising from initial
        application of IFRS 9:
     Reclassification
        From designated at FVTPL       a      (641,333)    641,333             —           —            —           —
     Remeasurement
        Impairment under ECL model    b              —           —         (4,653)     (3,816)         871      (7,598)

     Opening balance at
       January 1, 2018                               —     641,333     1,975,395      20,631           871      (7,598)


     Notes:

     (a)   Financial assets at FVTPL and/or designated at FVTPL

           At the date of initial application, the Group no longer applied designation as measured
           at FVTPL for the portfolio of financial assets which is managed and its performance is
           evaluated on a fair value basis, as these financial assets are required to be measured at
           FVTPL under IFRS 9. As a result, these investments of RMB641,333,000 were reclassified
           from financial assets designated at FVTPL to financial assets at FVTPL. There was no impact
           on the amounts recognized in relation to these assets from the application of IFRS 9.




                                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018    155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

      2.2 IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (Continued)

            Summary of effects arising from initial application of IFRS 9 (Continued)

            Notes: (Continued)

            (b)   Impairment under ECL model

                  The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL
                  for trade receivables and contract assets. The contract assets have substantially the same
                  risk characteristics as the trade receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has
                  therefore estimated the expected loss rates for the trade receivables and the contract assets
                  on the same basis. Trade receivables and contract assets are grouped based on internal
                  credit rating.

                  ECL for other financial assets at amortized cost mainly comprise of pledged bank deposits,
                  time deposits, bank balances and cash, receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf
                  of customers and other receivables are assessed on 12-month ECL basis as there had been
                  no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.

                  As at January 1, 2018, the additional credit loss allowance of RMB8,469,000 has been
                  recognized against retained earnings. The additional loss allowance is charged against the
                  respective asset. The corresponding impact on deferred tax assets of RMB871,000 has also
                  been recognized against retained earnings.

                  All loss allowances, including contract assets, trade receivables and receivables for
                  purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers as at December 31, 2017 reconciled to
                  the opening loss allowances as at January 1, 2018 are as follows:


                                                                                                  Receivables
                                                                                                 for purchase
                                                                                                       of raw
                                                                                                     materials
                                                        Contract       Unbilled         Trade     on behalf of
                                                          assets        revenue    receivables      customers       Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


                  At December 31, 2017                           —       (7,146)      (10,218)             —      (17,364)
                  Reclassification                           (7,146)      7,146            —               —           —
                  Amount remeasured through
                     opening retained earnings               (3,816)         —         (3,635)         (1,018)     (8,469)


                  At January 1, 2018                     (10,962)            —        (13,853)         (1,018)    (25,833)




156   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

2.3 Impacts on opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the
    application of all new standards, amendments and interpretation

     As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies above, the opening
     consolidated statement of financial position had to be restated. The following table
     shows the adjustments recognized for each of the line item affected. Line items that
     were not affected by the changes have not been included.

                                               December                                       January
                                                31, 2017                                      1, 2018
                                                (Audited)      IFRS 15          IFRS 9      (Restated)
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000

     Non-current assets
     Deferred tax assets                            6,855              —              871       7,726

     Current assets
     Service work in progress                    202,389       (202,389)             —            —
     Contract costs                                  N/A        202,389              —       202,389
     Trade and other receivables                 614,302         66,697          (4,653)     676,346
     Contract assets                                 N/A         24,447          (3,816)      20,631
     Financial assets designated
       as at FVTPL                               641,333               —      (641,333)           —
     Financial assets at FVTPL                       N/A               —       641,333       641,333

     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                    784,669       (254,746)               —     529,923
     Contract liabilities                            N/A        345,890                —     345,890

     Note:   For the purposes of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method
             for the year ended December 31, 2018, movements in working capital have been
             computed based on opening statement of financial position as at January 1, 2018 as
             disclosed above.




                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

            New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

            The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have
            been issued but not yet effective:

            IFRS 16                             Leases1
            IFRS 17                             Insurance Contracts3
            IFRIC 23                            Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments1
            Amendments to IFRS 3                Definition of a Business4
            Amendments to IFRS 9                Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation1
            Amendments to IFRS 10 and           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
              IAS 28                              its Associate or Joint Venture2
            Amendments to IAS 1 and             Definition of Material5
              IAS 8
            Amendments to IAS 19                Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement1
            Amendments to IAS 28                Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures1
            Amendments to IFRSs                 Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2015–2017
                                                  Cycle1

            1     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019
            2     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
            3     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
            4     Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is
                  on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after January 1, 2020
            5     Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020

            Except for the new and amendments to IFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the
            Company anticipate that the application of all other new and amendments to IFRSs will
            have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable
            future.

            IFRS 16 Leases

            IFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements
            and accounting treatments for both lessors and lessees. IFRS 16 will supersede IAS 17
            Leases and the related interpretations when it becomes effective.

            IFRS 16 distinguishes leases and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified
            asset is controlled by a customer. In addition, IFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback
            transactions to be determined based on the requirements of IFRS 15 as to whether
            the transfer of the relevant asset should be accounted as a sale. IFRS 16 also includes
            requirements relating to subleases and lease modifications.




158   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2018




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
     FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

     IFRS 16 Leases (Continued)

     Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting,
     and is replaced by a model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have
     to be recognized for all leases by lessees, except for short-term leases and leases of low
     value assets.

     The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost
     (subject to certain exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses,
     adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The lease liability is initially
     measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at that date.
     Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for interest and lease payments, as well as
     the impact of lease modifications, amongst others. For the classification of cash flows,
     the Group currently presents upfront prepaid lease payments as investing cash flows
     in relation to leasehold lands for owned use while other operating lease payments are
     presented as operating cash flows. Upon application of IFRS 16, lease payments in
     relation to lease liability will be allocated into a principal and an interest portion which
     will be presented as financing cash flows by the Group, upfront prepaid lease payment
     will continue to be presented as investing cash flow in according to the nature as
     appropriate.

     Under IAS 17, the Group has already recognized prepaid lease payments for leasehold
     lands where the Group is a lessee. The application of IFRS 16 may result in potential
     changes in classification of these assets depending on whether the Group presents
     right-of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding
     underlying assets would be presented if they were owned.

     Other than certain requirements which are also applicable to lessor, IFRS 16
     substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in IAS 17, and
     continues to require a lessor to classify a lease either as an operating lease or a finance
     lease.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL
            FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (“IFRSs”) (Continued)

            IFRS 16 Leases (Continued)

            Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by IFRS 16.

            As at December 31, 2018, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments
            of RMB239,229,000 as disclosed in note 32. A preliminary assessment indicates that
            these arrangements will meet the definition of a lease. Upon application of under IFRS
            16, the Group will recognize a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability in respect
            of all these leases unless they qualify for low value or short-term leases.

            In addition, the Group currently considers refundable rental deposits paid of
            RMB10,785,000 as rights under leases to which IAS 17 applies. Based on the definition
            of lease payments under IFRS 16, such deposits are not payments relating to the right
            to use the underlying assets, accordingly, the carrying amounts of such deposits would
            be adjusted to amortized cost. Adjustments to refundable rental deposits paid would be
            considered as additional lease payments and included in the carrying amount of right-
            of-use assets.

            Furthermore, the application of new requirements under IFRS 16 would result in
            changes in measurement, presentation and disclosure as indicated above. The
            management of the Group assessed that such changes would increase the consolidated
            assets and consolidated liabilities of the Group, but would not result in a significant
            impact on the financial performance of the Group upon adoption of IFRS 16.

            The Group elected the practical expedient to apply IFRS 16 to contracts that were
            previously identified as leases applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4 “Determining whether an
            Arrangement contains a Lease” and not apply this standard to contracts that were not
            previously identified as containing a lease applying IAS 17 and IFRIC 4. Therefore,
            the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a lease which
            already existed prior to the date of initial application. Furthermore, the Group elects
            the modified retrospective approach for the application of IFRS 16 as lessee and will
            recognize the cumulative effect of initial application to opening retained earnings
            without restating comparative information.




160   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
     IFRSs issued by the IASB. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include
     applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis
     except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of the
     Reporting Period, as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in
     exchange for goods and services.

     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
     liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
     date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another
     valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group
     takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
     would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at
     the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in the
     consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based
     payment transactions that are within the scope of IFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing
     transactions that are within the scope of IAS 17 Leases, and measurements that have
     some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realizable value in IAS
     2 Inventories or value in use in IAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorized
     into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value
     measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •    Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets
          or liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date;

     •    Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that
          are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •    Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            The principal accounting policies are set out below.

            Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the
            Company and entities controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is
            achieved when the Company:

            •     has power over the investee;

            •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee;
                  and

            •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances
            indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed
            above.

            Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the
            subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically,
            income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
            included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss from the date the Group gains
            control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

            Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
            of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of
            subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling
            interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

            When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to
            bring their accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

            All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
            transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s
            equity therein, which represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a
            proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




162   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers

     Revenue recognition upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions in
     note 2

     Under IFRS 15, the Group recognizes revenue when (or as) a performance obligation
     is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular
     performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services)
     that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognized over time by reference to the
     progress towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of
     the following criteria is met:

     •    the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the
          Group’s performance as the Group performs;

     •    the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls
          as the Group performs; or

     •    the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to
          the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
          completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control
     of the distinct good or service.

     The Group primarily earns revenues by providing research services to its customers
     through Fee-for-service (“FFS”) contracts. Contract duration ranges from a few months
     to years. Under FFS method, the contracts usually have multiple deliverable units,
     which are generally in the form of technical laboratory reports and/or samples, each
     with individual selling price specified within the contract. The Group identifies each
     deliverable unit as a separate performance obligation, and recognizes FFS revenue of
     contractual elements at the point in time upon finalization, delivery and acceptance of
     the deliverable units or after the end of a confirmation period.

     For the research services provided on a Full-time-equivalent (“FTE”) basis, the Group
     provides its customer with a project team of employees dedicated to the customer’s
     studies for a specific period of time and charges the customer at a fixed hourly/daily
     rate per employee. The Group recognized the FTE services revenue over the service
     period.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

            Revenue recognition upon application of IFRS 15 in accordance with transitions in
            note 2 (Continued)

            The Group also engages in commercial manufacturing contacts (“CMO”) by
            manufacture and sale of drug substance and/or products under customers’ specific
            order. The Group recognized revenue at a point in time upon acceptance of the
            deliverable drug substance and/or products under customers’ specific order.

            A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or
            services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is
            assessed for impairment in accordance with IFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents
            the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is
            required before payment of that consideration is due.

            A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services
            to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of
            consideration is due) from the customer.

            A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for
            and presented on a net basis.

            Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction
            price)

            For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations (i.e. FFS contracts
            usually have multiple deliverable units, which are generally in the form of technical
            laboratory reports and/or samples), the Group allocates the transaction price to each
            performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, except for the
            allocation of discounts and variable consideration.

            The stand-alone selling price of the distinct good or service underlying each
            performance obligation is determined at contract inception. It represents the price at
            which the Group would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer.

            If a stand-alone selling price is not directly observable, the Group estimates it using
            appropriate techniques such that the transaction price ultimately allocated to any
            performance obligation reflects the amount of consideration to which the Group
            expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to the
            customer.




164   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

     Contracts with multiple performance obligations (including allocation of transaction
     price) (Continued)

     The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment
     and is based on the nature of the products or services to be provided. Depending
     on which better depicts the transfer of value to the customer, the Group generally
     measures its progress using units produced/services transferred to the customer to date
     (output method). The Group uses the known cost measure of progress when it best
     depicts the transfer of value to the customer which occurs as the Group incurs costs on
     its contract, generally related to fixed fee service contracts. The units produced/services
     transferred to the customer to date measure of progress is generally related to rate per
     unit contracts or contracts for the delivery of services, as the extent of progress towards
     completion is measured based on discrete service or time-based increments, such as
     samples tested or services transferred.

     Variable consideration

     For contracts that contain variable consideration (usually in the form of a milestone
     bonus when the service provided to the customer has reached into a certain stage or
     delivered a certain result), the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which
     it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely
     amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to
     which the Group will be entitled.

     The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price
     only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in
     a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the
     variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

     At the end of each Reporting Period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price
     (including updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is
     constrained) to represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the Reporting
     Period and the changes in circumstances during the Reporting Period.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

            Costs to fulfil a contract

            The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract under FFS and commercial manufacturing
            contracts. The Group first assesses whether these costs qualify for recognition as an
            asset in terms of other relevant Standards, failing which it recognizes an asset for these
            costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

            (a)   the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group
                  can specifically identify;

            (b)   the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying
                  (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

            (c)   the costs are expected to be recovered.

            The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss on a systematic basis
            that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the
            assets relate. The asset is also subject to impairment review.

            Revenue recognition prior to application of IFRS 15

            The Group recognizes FFS revenues of contractual elements upon finalization, delivery
            and acceptance of the deliverable units, which is generally in the form of a technical
            laboratory reports and/or samples. Excess of the amount of revenue recognized over
            the amount billed on a particular contract is included in trade and other receivables
            as unbilled revenue. Amounts billed in accordance with pre-agreed payment schedule
            specified in the contract in advance of the Group fulfilling its contractual obligations
            and recognizing revenue are recorded in current liabilities as advance from customers.
            Most contracts are terminable by the customers, with or without prior notice. These
            contracts often require payment to the Group a fee to compensate costs incurred up
            to the date of termination or, in some cases, a termination fee. Such payments are
            included in revenue when earned.

            The Group recognizes FTE revenue based on the number of employees assigned to the
            team and the amount of time they have worked on the project. FTE contracts do not
            require acceptance by the customer of specified deliverables from the Group.




166   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Leases

     Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer
     substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are
     classified as operating leases.

     The Group as lessee

     Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating
     lease, are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except
     where another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which
     economic benefits from the leased asset are consumed. Contingent rentals arising under
     operating leases are recognized as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

     Leasehold land and building

     When the Group makes payments for a property interest which included both leasehold
     land and building elements, the Group assesses the classification of each element
     as a finance or an operating lease separately based on the assessment as to whether
     substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of each element have
     been transferred to the Group, unless it is clear that both elements are operating leases
     in which case the entire property is accounted as an operating lease. Specifically, the
     entire consideration (including any lump-sum upfront payments) are allocated between
     the land and the building elements in proportion to the relative fair values of the
     leasehold interests in the land element and building element at initial recognition.

     To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in
     leasehold land that is accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “prepaid lease
     payments” in the consolidated statement of financial position and is amortized over
     the lease term on a straight-line basis. When the lease payments cannot be allocated
     reliably between the leasehold land and building elements, the entire property is
     generally classified as if the leasehold land is under finance lease.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Foreign currencies

            In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions
            in currencies other than functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are
            recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the transactions. At the
            end of the Reporting Period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are
            retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value
            that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on
            the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in
            terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

            Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the
            retranslation of monetary items, are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which
            they arise.

            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets
            and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations are translated into the presentation
            currency of the Group (i.e. Renminbi) using exchange rate prevailing at the end
            of each Reporting Period. Income and expense items are translated at the average
            exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognized in
            other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of foreign
            currency translation reserve.

            Government grants

            Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the
            Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be
            received.

            Government grants are recognized in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the
            periods in which the Group recognizes as expenses the related costs for which the
            grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary
            condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-
            current assets are recognized as deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of
            financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis
            over the useful lives of the related assets.

            Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
            incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no
            future related costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they become
            receivable.




168   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Retirement benefit costs

     Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognized as an expense
     when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

     Pension obligations

     The Group participates in state-managed retirement benefit schemes, which are defined
     contribution schemes, pursuant to which the Group pays a fixed percentage of its
     qualifying staff’s wages as contributions to the schemes. Payments to such retirement
     benefit schemes are charged as an expense when employees have rendered service
     entitling them to the contributions.

     Short-term employee benefits

     Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the
     benefits expected to be paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-
     term employee benefits are recognized as an expense unless another IFRS requires or
     permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries,
     annual leave and sick leave) after deducting any amount already paid.

     Share-based payments

     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

     Share options granted to employees

     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees (including directors of the Company)
     are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date
     without taking into consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on
     a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of equity
     instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (equity-
     settled share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each Reporting Period, the
     Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based
     on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision
     of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative
     expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the equity-
     settled share-based compensation reserve.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Share-based payments (Continued)

            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)

            Share options granted to employees (Continued)

            When the share options are exercised, the amount previously recognized in equity-
            settled share-based compensation reserve will be transferred to share premium.
            When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised
            at the expiry date, the amount previously recognized in equity-settled share-based
            compensation reserve will continue to be held in share options reserve.

            Equity instruments granted by the then ultimate holding company to employees of the
            Group

            The grant by the then ultimate holding company of equity instruments under its
            employee stock incentive plan to the employees of the Group (including directors of
            the Company) is treated as equity-settled share-based payments in the consolidated
            financial statements. An expense for the grant date fair value of the equity instruments
            under the employee stock incentive plan is recognized over the vesting period of the
            instruments, with a corresponding increase in equity. The increase in equity is treated
            as a deemed capital contribution into the Group and is included in equity-settled share-
            based compensation reserve.

            Restricted share award payment transactions

            For shares of the Group granted under Restricted Share Award Scheme (“Restricted
            Shares”), the fair value of the employee services received is determined by reference
            to the fair value of the Restricted Shares granted at the grant date and is expensed on
            a straight-line basis over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in equity
            (equity-settled share-based compensation reserve). At the end of each Reporting Period,
            the Group revises its estimates of the number of Restricted Shares that are expected
            to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact
            of the revision of the estimates, if any, is recognized in the profit or loss such that the
            cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to
            equity-settled share-based compensation reserve.

            When the Restricted Shares vested, the amount previously recognized in share award
            scheme reserve will be transferred to share premium.




170   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Taxation

     Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs
     from profit before tax because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in
     other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for
     current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted
     by the end of the Reporting Period.

     Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax
     bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally
     recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
     recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
     that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary
     differences can be utilized. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized
     if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business
     combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
     profit nor the accounting profit.

     Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with
     investments in subsidiaries except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
     temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in
     the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences
     associated with such investments are only recognized to the extent that it is probable
     that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the
     temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each Reporting
     Period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
     profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
     apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax
     rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
     Reporting Period.

     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that
     would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the Reporting
     Period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
     set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income
     taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current
     tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.



                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Taxation (Continued)

            Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to
            items that are recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in
            which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognized in other comprehensive
            income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises
            from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the
            accounting for the business combination.

            Plant and equipment

            Plant and equipment other than assets under construction in progress are stated in
            the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
            depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

            Plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or
            administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss.
            Such assets are classified to the appropriate category of plant and equipment when
            completed and ready for their intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same
            basis as other assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.

            Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of assets other than plant and
            equipment in the course of construction less their residual values over their estimated
            useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values
            and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of the Reporting Period, with the
            effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

            An item of plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future
            economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain
            or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of plant and equipment is determined as
            the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
            recognized in profit or loss.

            Intangible assets

            Intangible assets acquired separately

            Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs
            less accumulated amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization
            for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognized on a straight-line basis over
            their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortization method are
            reviewed at the end of each Reporting Period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
            being accounted for on a prospective basis.




172   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Intangible assets (Continued)

     Internally-generated intangible asset — research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it
     is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities is
     recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •    the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
          available for use or sale;

     •    the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •    the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •    the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete
          the development and to use or sell the intangible asset; and

     •    the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset
          during its development.

     The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum
     of the expenditure incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the
     recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can
     be recognized, development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the period in
     which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at
     cost less accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the
     same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.

     An intangible asset is derecognized on disposal, or when no future economic benefits
     are expected from use or disposal. Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an
     intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and
     the carrying amount of the asset, are recognized in profit or loss when the asset is
     derecognized.




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Impairment on tangible assets, intangible assets and contract costs

            At the end of the Reporting Period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its
            tangible assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives and contract costs to determine
            whether there is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If
            any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in
            order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any.

            The recoverable amount of tangible and intangible assets are estimated individually,
            or when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group
            estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset
            belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified,
            corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they
            are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and
            consistent allocation basis can be identified.

            Before the Group recognizes an impairment loss for assets capitalized as contract
            costs under IFRS 15, the Group assesses and recognizes any impairment loss on other
            assets related to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then,
            impairment loss, if any, for assets capitalized as contract costs is recognized to the
            extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of consideration that the
            Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which
            relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognized as
            expenses. The assets capitalized as contract costs are then included in the carrying
            amount of the cash-generating unit to which they belong for the purpose of evaluating
            impairment of that cash-generating unit.

            Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
            In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present
            value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
            value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash
            flows have not been adjusted.

            If the recoverable amount of an asset or a cash-generating unit is estimated to be less
            than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit is
            reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in
            profit or loss.

            Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset is
            increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased
            carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been
            determined had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A
            reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.




174   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Costs of inventories
     are determined on a weighted average method. Net realizable value represents the
     contracted selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to
     make the sale.

     Financial instruments

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes
     a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or
     sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular
     way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery
     of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market
     place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for
     trade receivables arising from contracts with customers which are initially measured
     in accordance with IFRS 15 since January 1, 2018. Transaction costs that are directly
     attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other
     than financial assets at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the
     financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction
     costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets at FVTPL are recognized
     immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a
     financial asset or financial liability and of allocating interest income and interest
     expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
     discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
     paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs
     and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or
     financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount
     on initial recognition.




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS
            9 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            amortized cost:

            •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect
                  contractual cash flows; and

            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at
            FVTOCI:

            •     the financial assets is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by
                  both collecting contractual cash flows and selling; and

            •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
                  payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

            All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date
            of initial application/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably
            elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in OCI if that
            equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognized by
            an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

            A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

            •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

            •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments
                  that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term
                  profit-taking; or

            •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

            In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be
            measured at the amortized cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates
            or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.




176   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (upon application of IFRS
     9 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (Continued)

     (i)    Amortized cost and interest income

            Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial
            assets measured subsequently at amortized cost. Interest income is calculated by
            applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset,
            except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired. For
            financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income
            is recognized by applying the effective interest rate to the amortized cost of the
            financial asset from the next Reporting Period. If the credit risk on the credit-
            impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer
            credit-impaired, interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest
            rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the
            Reporting Period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit
            impaired.

     (ii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

            Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair
            value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in
            OCI and accumulated in FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject to impairment
            assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on
            disposal of the equity instruments, and will continue to be held in FVTOCI reserve.

            Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognized in profit
            or loss when the Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless
            the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
            Dividends are included in the “other gains and losses” line item in profit or loss.

     (iii) Financial assets at FVTPL

            Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortized cost
            or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

            Financial assets as FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting,
            with any fair value gains or losses recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss
            recognized in profit or loss includes any interest earned on the financial asset and
            is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.




                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 with transitions in
            accordance with note 2)

            The Group recognizes a loss allowance for ECL on financial assets which are subject
            to impairment under IFRS 9, including trade receivables, receivables for purchase of
            raw materials on behalf of customers, contract assets, other receivables, pledged bank
            deposits and bank balances and cash. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting
            date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

            Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over
            the expected life of the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”)
            represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from default events that
            are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment are done based on
            the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
            debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions
            at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

            The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The
            ECL on these assets are assessed collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate
            groupings, estimated based on the financial quality of debtors and historical credit
            loss experience based on the past due status of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate
            to reflect the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future
            conditions.

            For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL,
            unless when there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
            the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should
            be recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default
            occurring since initial recognition.




178   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 with transitions in
     accordance with note 2) (Continued)

     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk

            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
            recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial
            instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
            financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment,
            the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
            reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking
            information that is available without undue cost or effort.

     (ii)   Definition of default

            For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default
            occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external sources
            indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full
            (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing
            whether credit risk has increased significantly:

            •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s
                 external (if available) or internal credit rating;

            •    significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a
                 significant increase in the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the
                 debtor;

            •    existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                 conditions that are expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s
                 ability to meet its debt obligations;

            •    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                 debtor;

            •    an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic,
                 or technological environment of the debtor that results in a significant
                 decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.




                                                       WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 with transitions in
            accordance with note 2) (Continued)

            (ii)   Definition of default (Continued)

                   Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the
                   credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual
                   payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
                   supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify
                   whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and revises them
                   as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
                   increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

                   Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred
                   when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has
                   reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default
                   criterion is more appropriate.

            (iii) Credit-impaired financial assets

                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a
                   detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have
                   occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
                   data about the following events:

                   a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating
                        to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a
                        concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

                   d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other
                        financial reorganization; or

                   e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of
                        financial difficulties.




180   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 with transitions in
     accordance with note 2) (Continued)

     (iv) Write-off policy

           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that
           the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect
           of recovery. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
           activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice
           where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent
           recoveries are recognized in profit or loss.

     (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL

           The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given
           default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at
           default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based
           on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
           reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the
           respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

           Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are
           due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the
           Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at
           initial recognition.

           Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at
           the individual instrument level may not yet be available, the financial instruments
           are grouped on the following basis:

           •    Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s trade receivables, contract
                assets, receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers, other
                receivables, pledged bank deposits and bank balances and cash are each
                assessed as a separate group);

           •    Past-due status;

           •    Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

           •    External credit ratings where available.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (upon application of IFRS 9 with transitions in
            accordance with note 2) (Continued)

            (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)

                  The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of
                  each group continue to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                  Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial
                  asset unless the financial asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is
                  calculated based on amortized cost of the financial asset.

                  The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial
                  instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of trade
                  receivables, receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers and
                  contract assets where the corresponding adjustment is recognized through a loss
                  allowance account.

                  Financial assets are classified into the following specified categories: financial
                  assets at FVTPL and loans and receivables. The classification depends on the
                  nature and purpose of the financial assets and is determined at the time of initial
                  recognition. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized
                  and derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are
                  purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time
                  frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

            Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of
            IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018)

            (i)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                  Financial assets are classified as at FVTPL when the financial asset is (i) held for
                  trading or (ii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

                  A financial asset is classified as held for trading if:

                  •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

                  •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial
                        instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern
                        of short-term profit-taking; or

                  •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.


182   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (before application of
     IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018) (Continued)

     (i)    Financial assets at FVTPL (Continued)

            A financial asset other than a financial asset held for trading may be designated as
            at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

            •    such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or
                 recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise; or

            •    the financial asset forms part of a group of financial assets or financial
                 liabilities or both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated
                 on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk
                 management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is
                 provided internally on that basis; or

            •    it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives,
                 and IAS 39 permits the entire combined contract (asset or liability) to be
                 designated as at FVTPL.

            Financial assets at FVTPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising
            on remeasurement recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in
            profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the financial assets and is
            included in the “other gains and losses” line item. Fair value is determined in the
            manner described in note 31(c).

     (ii)   Loans and receivables

            Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or
            determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. Subsequent to
            initial recognition, loans and receivables (including trade and other receivables,
            pledged bank deposits, time deposits and bank balances and cash) are measured at
            amortized cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment.

            Interest income is recognized by applying the effective interest rate, except for
            short-term receivables where the recognition of interest would be immaterial.




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial assets (Continued)

            Impairment of financial assets (before application of IFRS 9 on January 1, 2018)

            Financial assets, other than those at FVTPL, are assessed for indicators of impairment at
            the end of the Reporting Period. Financial assets are considered to be impaired when
            there is objective evidence that, as a result of one or more events that occurred after the
            initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated future cash flows of the financial
            asset have been affected.

            For loans and receivables, objective evidence of impairment could include:

            •     significant financial difficulty of the issuer or counterparty; or

            •     breach of contract, such as a default or delinquency in interest or principal
                  payments; or

            •     it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or financial re-
                  organization;

            For certain categories of loans and receivables such as trade receivables, assets that are
            assessed not to be impaired individually are in addition assessed for impairment on a
            collective basis. Objective evidence of impairment for a portfolio of receivables could
            include the Group’s past experience of collecting payments, an increase in the number
            of delayed payments in the portfolio past the credit period, observable changes in
            national or local economic conditions that correlate with default on receivables.

            For financial assets carried at amortized cost, the amount of the impairment loss
            recognized is the excess of the asset’s carrying amount over the present value of the
            estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest
            rate.

            The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly
            for all loans and receivables. For trade receivables, receivables for purchase of raw
            materials on behalf of customers and service work in progress, the carrying amount
            is reduced through the use of an allowance account. Changes in the carrying amount
            of the allowance account are recognized in profit or loss. When a trade receivable is
            considered uncollectible, it is written off against the allowance account. Subsequent
            recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to profit or loss.

            For financial assets measured at amortized cost, if, in a subsequent period, the amount
            of impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be related objectively to an
            event occurring after the impairment loss was recognized, the previously recognized
            impairment loss is reversed through profit or loss to the extent that the carrying amount
            of the asset at the date the impairment is reversed does not exceed what the amortized
            cost would have been had the impairment loss not been recognized.



184   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)

     Derecognition of financial assets

     The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash
     flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially
     all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group
     neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and
     continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognizes its retained interest in
     the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains
     substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the
     Group continues to recognize the financial asset and also recognizes a collateralized
     borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference
     between the asset’s carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and
     receivable is recognized in profit or loss.

     Financial liabilities and equity

     Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial
     liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements
     and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an
     entity after deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are
     recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

     Financial liabilities at amortized cost

     Financial liabilities namely trade and other payables are subsequently measured at
     amortized cost, using the effective interest method.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

            Effective interest method

            The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a
            financial liability and of allocating interest expense over the relevant periods. The
            effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments
            (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective
            interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
            life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the net carrying
            amount of the financial liability on initial recognition. Interest expense is recognized on
            an effective interest basis.

            Derivative financial instruments

            Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value at the date when derivative contracts
            are entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of
            the Reporting Period. The resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss unless
            the derivative is designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event
            the timing of the recognition in profit or loss depends on the nature of the hedge
            relationship.

            Hedge accounting

            The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.

            At the inception of the hedging relationship the Group documents the relationship
            between the hedging instrument and the hedged item, along with its risk management
            objectives and its strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Furthermore, at
            the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, the Group documents whether the
            hedging instrument is highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged
            item attributable to the hedged risk.




186   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

     Assessment of hedging relationship and effectiveness

     For hedge effectiveness assessment, the Group considers whether the hedging
     instrument is effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item
     attributable to the hedged risk, which is when the hedging relationships meet all of the
     following hedge effectiveness requirements:

     •    there is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging
          instrument;

     •    the effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from that
          economic relationship; and

     •    the hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the
          quantity of the hedged item that the Group actually hedges and the quantity of the
          hedging instrument that the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged
          item.

     If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating
     to the hedge ratio but the risk management objective for that designated hedging
     relationship remains the same, the Group adjusts the hedge ratio of the hedging
     relationship (i.e. rebalances the hedge) so that it meets the qualifying criteria again.

     Cash flow hedges

     The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments that are
     designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognized in other comprehensive
     income and accumulated under the heading of cash flow hedging reserve, limited to
     the cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item from inception of the hedge.
     The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognized immediately in profit or
     loss, and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

     Amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in
     equity are reclassified to profit or loss in the periods when the hedged item affects
     profit or loss, in the same line as the recognized hedged item. However, when the
     hedged forecast transaction results in the recognition of a non-financial asset or a non-
     financial liability, the gains and losses previously recognized in other comprehensive
     income and accumulated in equity are removed from equity and included in the initial
     measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. This
     transfer does not affect other comprehensive income. Furthermore, if the Group expects
     that some or all of the loss accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve will not be
     recovered in the future that amount is immediately reclassified to profit or loss.



                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

            Financial instruments (Continued)

            Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

            Discontinuation of hedge accounting

            The Group discontinues hedge accounting prospectively only when the hedging
            relationship (or a part thereof) ceases to meet the qualifying criteria (after rebalancing,
            if applicable). This includes instances when the hedging instrument expires or is
            sold, terminated or exercised. Discontinuing hedge accounting can either affect a
            hedging relationship in its entirety or only a part of it (in which case hedge accounting
            continues for the remainder of the hedging relationship).

            For cash flow hedge, any gain or loss recognized in other comprehensive income
            and accumulated in equity at that time remains in equity and is recognized when
            the forecast transactions is ultimately recognized in profit or loss. When a forecast
            transaction is no longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is
            recognized immediately in profit or loss.

      4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
            ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY

            In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note
            3, the directors of the Company are required to make judgements, estimates and
            assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets that are not readily apparent from
            other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
            experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
            differ from these estimates.

            The estimates and underlying assumption are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions
            to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if
            the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if
            revision affects both current and future periods.

            Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

            The following is the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that the
            directors of the Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
            policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
            consolidated financial statements.

            Judgements in determining the performance obligations and timing of satisfaction of
            performance obligations

            The Group has different contractual arrangements with different customers. In
            determining the performance obligations and timing of satisfaction of performance
            obligations, the management of the Company review the contract term of each
            individual contract. In making their judgments, the directors of the Company consider
            the detailed criteria for recognition of revenue set out in IFRS 15.



188   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)

     Performance Obligation Determination:

     A performance obligation represents a good and service that is distinct or a series of
     distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. In certain long-term sales
     contracts, the Group is required to fulfil multiple promised goods and/or services. In
     determining performance obligations, the directors of the Company consider whether
     the nature of the promise, within the context of the contract, is to transfer each of those
     goods and/or services individually or, instead, to transfer a combined item. Considering
     those goods and/or services are considered to be distinct, separately identifiable,
     the directors of the Company concluded those goods and/or services as multiple
     performance obligations.

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty

     Provision of ECL for trade receivables and contract assets

     The Group uses provision matrix to calculate ECL for trade receivables and contract
     assets. The provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various
     debtors that have similar loss patterns. The provision matrix is based on the Group’s
     historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is
     reasonable and supportable available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting
     date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-
     looking information are considered.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL
     and the Group’s trade receivables and contract assets and are disclosed in note 31(b).

     As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of trade receivables and contract assets
     are RMB762,858,000 and RMB36,026,000 respectively.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
            ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

            Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

            Amortization lives and estimated impairment on plant and equipment

            The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
            plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual
            useful lives of plant and equipment of similar nature and functions. The Group will
            increase the depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated
            lives, or will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that
            have been abandoned or sold.

            The Group regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and
            recognizes an impairment loss if the carrying amount of an asset is lower than its
            recoverable amount. The Group tests for impairment for plant and equipment whenever
            there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. The recoverable amounts have
            been determined based on the higher of the fair value less costs of disposal and value
            in use. These calculations require the use of estimates, such as discount rates, future
            profitability and growth rates.

            As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amount of plant and equipment (without
            impairment loss recognized) was RMB2,903,900,000 (December 31, 2017:
            RMB1,780,172,000).

            Amortization lives and estimated impairment on intangible assets

            The Group determines the estimated amortization period for intangible assets with finite
            useful lives based on the expected useful lives of the assets. The Group will increase
            the amortization charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or
            will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been
            abandoned or sold.

            The Group regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and
            recognizes an impairment loss if the carrying amount of an asset is lower than its
            recoverable amount. The Group tests for impairment for intangible assets with finite
            useful lives whenever there is an indication that the asset may be impaired. The
            recoverable amounts have been determined based on the higher of the fair value less
            costs of disposal and value in use.

            As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amount of intangible assets with finite useful
            lives was RMB331,813,000 (December 31, 2017: nil) and the management concludes
            there is no impairment indication that the assets may be impaired.




190   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF
     ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

     Impairment of contract costs

     The Group assesses periodically if contract costs may not be recoverable based on an
     assessment of the remaining amount of consideration the Group expects to receive in
     exchange of goods or services. Impairment are applied to contract costs where events
     or changes in circumstances indicate that the remaining amount of consideration
     to receive less the costs directly relate to providing goods or services that have not
     been recognized as expense is lower than the carrying amount of contract costs. The
     remaining amount of consideration to receive has been determined based on the
     remaining amount of consideration expects to be recognized upon the completion
     of the contract. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
     difference will impact the carrying value of contract costs in the year in which such
     estimate changes.

     As at December 31, 2018, the carrying amounts of contract costs was RMB294,569,000
     (net of write downs of RMB2,475,000).

     Fair value measurements and valuation processes

     Certain of the Group’s financial assets including financial assets at FVTPL and equity
     instruments at FVTOCI amounting to RMB55,699,000 and RMB136,578,000 as at
     December 31, 2018 respectively are measured at fair value with fair values being
     determined based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques, judgement and
     estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and relevant
     inputs thereof. Changes in assumption relating to these factors could affect the reported
     fair values of these instruments. See note 31 (c) for further disclosures.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      5.    REVENUE

      (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

            The Group derives its revenue from the transfer of goods and services at a point in time
            and over time in the following major service lines:

                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

            Type of goods or services

            Research services
            — Revenue on FFS basis                                       2,405,627      1,570,471
            — Revenue on FTE basis                                          84,226         48,358

                                                                         2,489,853      1,618,829

            Sales of goods
            — Revenue on CMO basis                                          44,600              —

            Total                                                        2,534,453      1,618,829



                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000

            Timing of revenue recognition
            A point in time                                              2,450,227      1,570,471
            Over time                                                       84,226         48,358

            Total                                                        2,534,453      1,618,829




192   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




5.   REVENUE (Continued)

(ii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
     with customers

     The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to performance obligations of
     goods or services type that are unsatisfied (or partially unsatisfied) are approximately
     RMB10,799 million as at December 31, 2018 including no variable consideration. The
     management of the Group expects the transaction price allocated to the unsatisfied
     contracts will be recognized as revenue with approximately RMB2,391 million within
     one year, approximately RMB3,614 million in 2–5 years, the remaining approximately
     RMB4,794 million will be recognized as revenue in 5–10 years from the year ended
     December 31, 2018.

     For the purpose of resources allocation and performance assessment, the chief
     operating decision maker (i.e. the chief executive officer of the Group) reviews the
     overall results and financial position of the Group as a whole prepared based on the
     same accounting policies as set out in note 3. Accordingly, the Group has only one
     single operating and reportable segment and no further analysis of this single segment is
     present.

     Geographical information

     The Group’s operations are primarily located in the PRC. An analysis of the Group’s
     revenue from external customers, analyzed by their respective country/region of
     operation, is detailed below:

                                                                          2018             2017
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

     Revenue
     — North America                                                  1,283,935          907,408
     — PRC                                                              980,024          552,039
     — Europe                                                           171,664           65,305
     — Rest of the world                                                 98,830           94,077

                                                                      2,534,453        1,618,829


     As at December 31, 2018, the Group’s non-current assets (excluding financial
     instruments, deferred tax assets) located in Ireland amount to RMB549,426,000, the
     remaining of the non-current assets (excluding financial instruments, deferred tax assets)
     are primarily located in the PRC.




                                                    WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      5.    REVENUE (Continued)

      (ii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
           with customers (Continued)

            Information about major customers

            Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as
            follows:

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

            Customer A                                                        281,281             N/A*
            Customer B                                                          N/A*           192,689

            *     The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group
                  for the year concerned.

      (iii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

            For revenue under FFS model, the directors of the Company have determined that
            performance obligations are satisfied upon finalization, delivery and acceptance of
            the deliverable units, which is generally in the form of a technical laboratory report
            and/or product/samples. The key judgement is that the Group’s performance does not
            create an asset with alternative future use since the Group cannot redirect the asset
            for use on another customer, but the Group has a present right to payment from the
            customers for the services performed only at a point in time upon finalization, delivery
            and acceptance of the deliverable units. Therefore, the directors of the Company
            have satisfied that the performance obligation of FFS is satisfied at a point in time and
            recognized FFS revenue at a point in time. The Group’s research contracts include
            payment schedules which require stage payments over the research period once certain
            specified milestones are reached.

            For the services under FTE model, the directors of the Company have assessed that
            the customers simultaneously receive and consume benefit provided by the Group’s
            performances. Therefore, the management of the Group have satisfied that the
            performance obligation on FTE services is satisfied over time and recognized FTE
            revenue over the service period. The customers shall pay the Group a prorated amount
            for the service based on the fixed rate per employee.

            For revenue under CMO model, the directors of the Company have determined
            that performance obligations are satisfied upon acceptance of the deliverable drug
            substance and/or products under customers’ specific order. Therefore, the directors
            of the Company have satisfied that the performance obligation of CMO is recognized
            revenue at a point in time. The Group shall invoice 50% of the price on acceptance of
            manufacturing orders to clients for products and services upon commencement thereof,
            this will give rise to contracts liability at the start of a contract.


194   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2018




6.   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Bank interest income                                                      78,394             3,149
     Interest income from time deposits                                            —              5,597
     Government grants and subsidies related to
       — Asset (Note i)                                                         2,845             1,298
       — Income (Note ii)                                                     112,978            24,650

                                                                              194,217            34,694

     Notes:

     (i)    The Group has received certain government grants and subsidies to invest in laboratory
            equipment. The grants and subsidies were recognized in profit or loss over the useful lives
            of the relevant assets. Details of the grants and subsidies are set out in note 28.

     (ii)   The government grants have been received for the Group’s contribution to the local high-
            tech industry and economy. These grants are unconditional and accounted for as immediate
            financial support with neither future related costs expected to be incurred nor related to any
            assets.

7.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Net foreign exchange gain (loss)                                         101,224           (99,025)
     Loss on derivative financial instruments                                 (93,942)               —
     Gain on fair value changes from
       financial assets at FVTPL                                               11,170             6,877
     Others                                                                     2,676             2,285

                                                                               21,128           (89,863)


8.   FINANCE COST

                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000

     Interest expense                                                                —           36,292
     Interest on finance lease                                                       —              476
     Less: amounts capitalized                                                       —           (1,077)

                                                                                     —           35,691



                                                          WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      9.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX

            Profit before tax has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

                                                                               2018           2017
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000

            Depreciation for plant and equipment                                212,143    122,748
            Less: capitalized in contract costs/service work in
              progress                                                           80,580     35,269

                                                                                131,563     87,479

            Staff cost (including directors’ emoluments):
            — Salaries and other benefits                                       688,228    394,825
            — Retirement benefits scheme contributions                           67,806     51,529
            — Retention bonus                                                     2,113         —
            — Share-based payment expenses                                      128,374     65,076

                                                                                886,521    511,430
            Less: capitalized in contract costs/service work in
              progress                                                          264,353    119,889

                                                                                622,168    391,541

            Impairment losses, net of reversal
            — Trade receivables                                                  60,275      8,788
            — Receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf
                 of customers                                                        (4)        —
            — Contract assets/unbilled revenue                                   (4,331)     4,959

                                                                                 55,940     13,747

            Amortization of intangible assets                                     9,969         —
            Amortization of prepaid lease payments                                2,238         —
            Auditors’ remuneration                                                4,591      3,100
            Minimum operating lease payment in respect of
              rented premises                                                    54,481     34,524
            Initial public offering expenses (included in other
              expenses)                                                              —      16,143
            Write down of inventories (included in cost of services)              4,041      2,665
            Write down of contract costs (included in cost of
              services)                                                           2,475         —
            Loss on disposal of plant and equipment                               1,215      1,001
            Cost of inventories recognized as an expense                        449,306    303,401




196   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2018




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                       2018              2017
                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current tax:
     — the PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                         133,011             50,721
     — Hong Kong profits tax                                              —               1,633
     — the US Federal and State Income taxes                           1,018              1,173
     — the UK Income taxes                                               218                 45
   (Over) Under provision in prior years:
     — EIT                                                             (8,098)               645

   Deferred tax:                                                     126,149             54,217
    — Current year                                                   (18,892)            (3,158)

                                                                     107,257             51,059


   The Company is registered as an exempted company and as such is not subject to
   Cayman Islands taxation.

   On March 21, 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed the Inland Revenue
   (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill 2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax
   rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on March 28, 2018 and was gazetted on the
   following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2 million of
   profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2
   million will be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of the group entities not qualifying for the
   two-tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%. No
   provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made since the Group did not have any
   assessable profit arising in Hong Kong for 2018.

   Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and
   Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the EIT rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25%,
   with the exception of WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd. (“WuXi Co.”) and WuXi Biologics
   (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Biologics”) and WuXi Apptec (Suzhou) Testing
   Technology Co., Ltd. (“Suzhou Biologics”).

   WuXi Co. was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” on August 5,
   2013. In 2016, WuXi Co. renewed its High and New Technology Enterprise status,
   which has been approved by the relevant government authorities, and it is entitled to a
   preferential tax rate of 15% for a three-year period commencing from the year of 2016.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

            Shanghai Biologics was accredited as a High and New Technology Enterprise in
            November 2016 and therefore is entitled to a one year’s exemption from EIT followed
            by three years of 50% tax reduction with effect from the beginning of 2016 in
            accordance with Guo Fa No. 40. Accordingly, the applicable EIT rate of Shanghai
            Biologics for the year ended December 31, 2018 is 12.5% (year ended December 31,
            2017: 12.5%).

            Suzhou Biologics was accredited as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” on
            December 12, 2018 and it is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% for a three-year
            period commencing from the year of 2018.

            Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant
            jurisdictions.

                                                                                2018            2017
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000

            Profit before tax                                                 737,722         303,687
            Tax charge at the EIT rate of 25%                                 184,431          75,922
            Tax effect of income that is exempt from taxation                 (39,214)           (300)
            Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose              31,065          16,812
            (Over) under provision in respect of prior years                   (8,098)            645
            Effect of unused tax losses and other deductible
              temporary differences not recognized as
              deferred tax assets                                                9,023             398
            Effect of previously unrecognized and unused temporary
              now recognized as deferred assets                                   (548)              —
            Utilization of tax losses previously not recognized as
              deferred tax assets                                               (1,477)         (2,673)
            Tax at concessionary rate                                          (64,396)        (39,858)
            Effect of different EIT rate applied to deferred tax and
              current tax                                                          503             412
            Effect of different tax rate of operating entities in
              other jurisdiction                                                (4,032)           (299)

            Income tax expense                                                107,257           51,059




198   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS

   Details of the emoluments paid or payable to the directors and the Chief Executive of
   the Company (including emoluments for their services as managerial level employees of
   group entities prior to becoming the directors of the Company) for the service provided
   to the Group during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

   Chief Executive and executive director:
   Dr. Zhisheng Chen (Note i)
    — director’s fee                                                       —                 —
    — salaries and other benefits                                       2,438             1,899
    — performance-based bonus                                           1,261             1,188
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                             —                 35
    — share-based compensation                                         15,823            20,575

                                                                       19,522            23,697


   Executive director:
   Dr. Weichang Zhou (Note ii)
     — director’s fee                                                       —                —
     — salaries and other benefits                                       1,455            1,530
     — performance-based bonus                                             668              802
     — retirement benefits scheme contributions                             89               84
     — share-based compensation                                          2,416            3,257

                                                                         4,628            5,673


   The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their service in connection
   with the management of the affairs of the Company and the Group.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
          (Continued)

                                                                      2018         2017
                                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000

            Non-executive directors:
            Dr. Li
             — director’s fee                                            —            —
             — salaries and other benefits                               —            —
             — performance-based bonus                                   —            —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions                  —            —
             — share-based compensation                                  —            —

                                                                         —            —


            Mr. Edward Hu
             — director’s fee                                            —            —
             — salaries and other benefits                               —            —
             — performance-based bonus                                   —            —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions                  —            —
             — share-based compensation                                  —            —

                                                                         —            —


            Mr. Yibing Wu (Note iii)
             — director’s fee                                            —            —
             — salaries and other benefits                               —            —
             — performance-based bonus                                   —            —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions                  —            —
             — share-based compensation                                  —            —

                                                                         —            —


            Mr. Yanling Cao (Note iii)
             — director’s fee                                            —            —
             — salaries and other benefits                               —            —
             — performance-based bonus                                   —            —
             — retirement benefits scheme contributions                  —            —
             — share-based compensation                                  —            —

                                                                         —            —


            The non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services as
            directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.


200   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
    (Continued)

                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

   Independent non-executive directors:
   Mr. William Robert Keller (Note iv)
     — director’s fee                                                      380               379
     — salaries and other benefits                                          —                 —
     — performance-based bonus                                              —                 —
     — retirement benefits scheme contributions                             —                 —
     — share-based compensation                                             —                 —

                                                                           380               379


   Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk (Note iv)
    — director’s fee                                                       380               379
    — salaries and other benefits                                           —                 —
    — performance-based bonus                                               —                 —
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                              —                 —
    — share-based compensation                                              —                 —

                                                                           380               379


   Mr. Wo Felix Fong (Note iv)
    — director’s fee                                                       380               379
    — salaries and other benefits                                           —                 —
    — performance-based bonus                                               —                 —
    — retirement benefits scheme contributions                              —                 —
    — share-based compensation                                              —                 —

                                                                           380               379


   The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their
   services as directors of the Company or its subsidiaries.




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
          (Continued)

            Notes:

            (i)     Dr. Zhisheng Chen is the Chief Executive of the Group and his emoluments disclosed above
                    included those for services rendered by him as the Chief Executive.

            (ii)    Dr. Weichang Zhou was appointed as a director of the Company in May 2016.

            (iii)   Mr. Yibing Wu and Mr. Yanling Cao were appointed as non-executive directors of the
                    Company in May 2016.

            (iv)    Mr. William Robert Keller, Mr. Teh-Ming Walter Kwauk and Mr. Wo Felix Fong were
                    appointed as independent non-executive directors of the Company in May 2017.

            (v)     The performance-based bonus is discretionary based on the Group’s financial results and
                    the directors’ performance as decided by the management of the Group.

            Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments

            The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group include two (2017:
            two) directors disclosed above. The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals
            (including directors) for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

                                                                                   2018            2017
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

            Salaries and other benefits                                            8,493            7,826
            Performance-based bonus                                                3,242            3,689
            Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                 179              203
            Share-based compensation                                              24,417           28,117

                                                                                  36,331           39,835




202   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2018




11. DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
    (Continued)

   Five highest paid individuals’ emoluments (Continued)

   The emoluments of the five highest paid individuals were within the following bands:

                                                                 Number of            Number of
                                                                 individuals          individuals
                                                                       2018                 2017

   HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                –                  1
   HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                1                  –
   HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                1                  1
   HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                1                  1
   HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                1                  –
   HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                –                  1
   HK$23,000,001 to HK$23,500,000                                              1                  –
   HK$27,000,001 to HK$27,500,000                                              –                  1

                                                                               5                  5


   During the year ended December 31, 2018, no emoluments (2017: nil) were paid
   by the Group to the directors of the Company or the five highest paid individuals
   (including directors and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the
   Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the Company have
   waived any emoluments during the year ended December 31, 2018 (2017: nil).




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.       Annual Report 2018   203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      12. EARNINGS PER SHARE

            The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following
            data:

                                                                               2018            2017
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

            Earnings:
            Earnings for the purpose of calculating basic and
              diluted earnings per share                                     630,592         252,628


                                                                                 2018            2017

            Number of shares:
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares
              for the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share    1,210,539,897   1,074,088,204
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
              Share options                                               101,850,082      86,267,013
              Restricted shares                                             1,481,453              —

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares
             for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share   1,313,871,432   1,160,355,217


            The computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2018
            does not assume the exercise of certain pre-IPO share options since their exercise
            prices plus fair value of services yet to be rendered are higher than the average share
            prices of the Company.




204   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




13. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                    Furniture                                     Construction in
                                                                 fixtures and    Transportation      Leasehold           progress
                                                    Machinery      equipment         equipment    improvement          (or “CIP”)      Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000


   COST
   At January 1, 2017                                 566,945         45,243               747        387,346            379,656    1,379,937
   Additions                                           21,912         14,019                —          38,490            672,769      747,190
   Adjustment in relation to leased assets (Note)       3,976         (1,245)               —           1,280                 —         4,011
   Transfer from CIP                                  446,561         10,308                —         129,555           (586,424)          —
   Disposals                                           (1,536)          (188)               —              —                  —        (1,724)


   At December 31, 2017                             1,037,858         68,137               747        556,671            466,001    2,129,414
   Additions                                           11,355          6,967                —          25,361          1,293,933    1,337,616
   Transfer from CIP                                  428,990         49,907               995        233,966           (713,858)          —
   Disposals                                           (5,123)        (1,015)             (218)            —                  —        (6,356)


   At December 31, 2018                             1,473,080       123,996              1,524        815,998          1,046,076    3,460,674


   DEPRECIATION AND IMPAIRMENT
   At January 1, 2017                                (152,978)       (13,116)             (298)        (60,775)               —      (227,167)
   Provided for the year                              (81,518)        (7,645)             (112)        (33,473)               —      (122,748)
   Eliminated on disposals                                553            120                —               —                 —           673


   At December 31, 2017                              (233,943)       (20,641)             (410)        (94,248)               —      (349,242)
   Provided for the year                             (142,939)       (13,037)             (155)        (56,012)               —      (212,143)
   Eliminated on disposals                              3,716            699               196              —                 —         4,611


   At December 31, 2018                              (373,166)       (32,979)             (369)      (150,260)                —      (556,774)


   CARRYING VALUES
   At December 31, 2017                               803,915         47,496               337        462,423            466,001    1,780,172


   At December 31, 2018                             1,099,914         91,017             1,155        665,738          1,046,076    2,903,900


   Note:

   The Group leases from WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“WXAT Shanghai”) certain of its
   machinery, equipment and leasehold improvement on January 1, 2016 under a finance lease.
   On December 26, 2017, the Group terminated the finance lease agreement and entered into
   a purchase agreement with WXAT Shanghai to purchase the above-mentioned machinery,
   equipment and leasehold improvement and a difference between the net book value of these
   assets and cash consideration paid was recorded.




                                                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.              Annual Report 2018     205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      13. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

            The above items of plant and equipment except for construction in progress are
            depreciated on a straight-line basis after taking into account of the residual value as
            follows:

            Machinery                                     9%–18% per annum
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment             9%–18% per annum
            Transportation equipment                      18% per annum
            Leasehold improvement                         Over the shorter of the lease term or ten years

      14. DEFERRED TAXATION

            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position,
            certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset. The following is a summary
            of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                         2018            2017
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

            Deferred tax assets                                                        22,481            6,855
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                   (2,680)          (6,817)

                                                                                       19,801               38


            The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized and
            movements thereon before offsetting during the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                       Allowance on
                                                          inventories                   Accelerated
                                              Deferred     and credit       Accrued             tax
                                               revenue         losses      expenses    depreciation       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

            At January 1, 2017                    1,456            985           —          (5,561)      (3,120)
            Credited (charged) to
              profit or loss                      1,011          1,755        3,548         (3,156)       3,158

            At December 31, 2017                  2,467          2,740        3,548         (8,717)          38
            IFRS 9 adjustment (note 2)               —             871           —              —           871
            Credited (charged) to
              profit or loss                    10,916           7,169        2,577         (1,770)     18,892

            At December 31, 2018                13,383          10,780        6,125        (10,487)     19,801




206   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2018




14. DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)

   As at December 31, 2018, the Group had unused tax losses of RMB73,490,000 (2017:
   RMB8,719,000), available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been
   recognized in respect of such losses in both 2018 and 2017 due to the unpredictability
   of future profit streams.

   Apart from unused tax losses as mentioned above, at December 31, 2018, the
   Group had other deductible temporary differences of RMB191,503,000 (2017:
   RMB61,253,000), available to offset against future profits. As at December 31, 2018,
   deductible temporary differences of RMB191,503,000 (2017: RMB58,366,000) had
   been recognized in deferred tax assets, while nil (2017: RMB2,887,000) had been
   recognized due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

   Balances of deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses for which no
   deferred tax assets have been recognized due to the unpredictability of future profits
   stream are as follows:

                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

   Deferred revenue                                                       —              2,887
   Tax losses                                                         73,490             8,719

                                                                      73,490            11,606


   The Group had unrecognized tax losses of RMB73,490,000 (2017: RMB8,719,000) as
   at December 31, 2018, of which RMB69,698,000 of the losses arising from subsidiaries
   located in Hong Kong, Cayman and Ireland will be carried forward indefinitely until it’s
   fully offset. The remaining unrecognized tax losses will be carried forward and expire in
   years as follows:

                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

   2020                                                                   140            7,239
   2021                                                                    25               25
   2022                                                                 1,455            1,455
   2023                                                                 2,172               —

                                                                        3,792            8,719


   Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial statements
   in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC
   subsidiaries amounting to RMB939,159,000 as at December 31, 2018 (December 31,
   2017: RMB449,380,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of
   the temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be
   reversed in the foreseeable future.

                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      15. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                             2018
                                                                                          RMB’000

            Cost
            At December 31, 2017                                                                —
            Additions                                                                      333,254
            Exchange adjustment                                                              8,528

            At December 31, 2018                                                           341,782

            Amortization
            At December 31, 2017                                                                 —
            Charge for the year                                                              (9,969)

            At December 31, 2018                                                             (9,969)

            Carrying Values
            At December 31, 2017                                                                 —

            At December 31, 2018                                                           331,813


            On June 25, 2018, the Group has entered into a platform license agreement with Open
            Monoclonal Technology, Inc. (“OMT”), an independent third party not connected to
            the Group, under which OMT has granted the Group a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
            non-sublicensable license to use certain animals, namely, OmniRat, OmniMouse and
            OmniFlic, for the purpose of researching, developing, and making antibodies, for a cash
            consideration of US$51million (equivalent to approximately RMB341,782,000). The
            Group has estimated the useful life of this license is 18 years and therefore the license
            payment is amortized over 18 years on a straight-line basis.




208   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2018




16. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS

                                                                                        2018
                                                                                     RMB’000

   At beginning of the year                                                                —
   Additions                                                                          173,771
   Released to profit or loss                                                          (2,238)

   At end of the year                                                                 171,533
   Less: Amount to be amortized within one year                                        (2,910)

   Non-current portion                                                                168,623


   Prepaid lease payments represent the land use rights located in the PRC and Ireland
   respectively which are released to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease
   period of 50 years and 999 years in line with land use right certificates. The amount to
   be amortized within one year is presented as current portion of prepaid lease payments.

17. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI

   On June 25, 2018, the Group subscribed 19.9% of the equity interest of Tysana Pte.
   Ltd. (“Tysana”), a Singapore corporation, for a cash consideration of US$9,950,000
   (equivalent to approximately RMB68,289,000 as at December 31, 2018). Tysana
   focuses on the business of infectious diseases drug research, development and
   commercialization in respect of the monoclonal antibodies.

   On July 16, 2018, the Group subscribed 19.9% of the equity interest of Privus
   Biologics, LLC (“Privus”), a limited liability company organized under the law of
   the State of Delaware, U.S.A., with a consideration of US$9,950,000 (equivalent
   to approximately RMB68,289,000 as at December 31, 2018). Privus focuses on the
   business of optimizing, manufacturing and developing pharmaceuticals intended for use
   in the field containing one or more subject antibodies as an active ingredient.

   The Group has no controlling power nor significant influence over the management
   and the operations of Tysana and Privus. At the date of initial recognition, the Group
   made an irrevocable election to designate these equity instruments as at FVTOCI as
   the management of the Company believes that recognizing short-term fluctuations in
   these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s
   strategy of holding these investments for long-term purposes and realizing their
   performance potential in the long run.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      17. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI (Continued)

            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group managed and evaluated the
            unlisted investments performance of ordinary shares purchased on a fair value basis
            in accordance with the Group’s investment strategy. As at December 31, 2018, the
            management of the Company has confirmed with the respective management of Tysana
            and Privus that there were no significant changes of Tysana and Privus in business and
            together with the fact that the respective investment dates were close to the year ended
            December 31, 2018, the directors of the Company are of the opinion that there was no
            significant fair value change occurred in these FVOCI investments as of December 31,
            2018.

            Details of the fair value measurement of the equity instrument at FVTOCI are set out in
            note 31(c).

      18. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/DESIGNATED AT FVTPL

                                                                                    2018             2017
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000

            Current assets
            Monetary fund investments (Note i)                                           —         573,378
            Financial products (Note ii)                                                 —          67,955

                                                                                         —         641,333


            Non-current assets
            Unlisted equity investments (Note iii)                                 55,699                 —


            Notes:

            i     During 2017, the Group entered into several contracts of funds (the “Fund”) with a financial
                  institution. The Fund primarily invested in debt securities including but not limited to the
                  US treasury securities, securities issued or guaranteed by the US government or by its
                  agencies, corporate securities and asset-backed securities, with the objective of achieving
                  returns in excess of those achieved by holding a portfolio of the US money market
                  instruments over a comparable period. The entire contracts have been designated as at
                  financial assets at FVTPL on initial recognition. As at December 31, 2017, the fair value of
                  the Fund was US$87,750,000 (equivalent to RMB573,378,000) based on the investment
                  report provided by the financial institution. During 2018, the Group has withdrawn the
                  investment in the Fund in full.




210   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




18. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/DESIGNATED AT FVTPL (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)

   ii    During 2017, the Group also entered into a contract of financial product (the “Financial
         Product”) with a bank for a period of six months, which has been designated as at financial
         assets at FVTPL on initial recognition. The return of the Financial Product was determined
         by reference to the performance of the underlying instruments in the currency market,
         the interbank market, the bond market, the security and equity market and the derivative
         financial assets. The principal of the Financial Product was US$10,400,000 (equivalent
         to RMB67,955,000) as at December 31, 2017; and the expected return rate stated in the
         contract was 2.45% per annum. In March 2018, the Group withdrew the Financial Product
         as it expired.

   iii   During 2018, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 429,799 Series Mezzanine
         2 Preferred Shares of Inhibrx, Inc. (“Inhibrx”), a Delaware corporation, for a cash
         consideration of US$3,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB20,590,000). Inhibrx
         focuses on the business of delivering optimized, biologic therapeutics to people with life-
         threatening conditions and building a large and diverse pipeline with the potential to
         impact cancer, infectious disease and orphan diseases.

         On September 10, 2018, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 481,454 Series
         C-1 Preferred Shares of Canbridge Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Canbridge”), an exempted
         company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Cayman Islands, for a cash
         consideration of US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB34,313,000). Canbridge
         focuses on the business of developing, selling, or marketing the pharmaceuticals for
         treatment or prevention of oncology or rare disease indications.

         During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group managed and evaluated the unlisted
         investment performance of preferred share purchased on a fair value basis in accordance
         with the Group’s investment strategy. Gain on fair value change of RMB796,000 was
         recognized for the equity instrument in Canbridge, which was backsolved from the most
         recent transaction price.

   Details of the fair value measurement of the financial assets at FVTPL/designated at
   FVTPL are set out in note 31(c).




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      18. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/DESIGNATED AT FVTPL (Continued)

            Financial assets at FVTPL/designated at FVTPL that are denominated in currencies other
            than the functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            US$                                                                —        641,333


      19. OTHER LONG-TERM DEPOSITS

            Other long-term deposits represent rental deposits paid under operating leases and
            deposits paid to guarantee certain milestones of construction projects.

      20. INVENTORIES

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Raw material and consumables                                 227,189        135,547


            The inventories are net of a write-down of approximately RMB6,706,000 as at
            December 31, 2018 (2017: RMB2,665,000).

      21. CONTRACT COSTS

                                                                                          2018
                                                                                       RMB’000

            Costs to fulfil contracts                                                   294,569


            Impairment allowance of RMB2,475,000 (2017: nil) is charged to the carrying amount
            of contract costs which has been written off in full as at December 31, 2018.




212   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                        2018             2017
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

   Trade receivables
     — related parties                                                  8,791            6,425
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                     (3)              —
     — third parties                                                  810,365          293,650
     Less: Allowance for credit losses                                (56,295)         (10,218)

                                                                      762,858          289,857

   Unbilled revenue
    — related parties                                                        —            1,645
    — third parties                                                          —           29,948
    Less: Allowance for credit losses                                        —           (7,146)

                                                                             —           24,447

   Receivables for purchase of raw materials
    on behalf of customers
    — third parties                                                    87,980          108,295
    Less: Allowance for credit losses                                  (1,014)              —

                                                                       86,966          108,295

   Advances to suppliers                                               18,647           12,256
   Prepayments                                                          3,153              927
   Other receivables                                                   24,604           20,609
   Custom duty recoverable (Note)                                       1,669           30,285
   Value added tax recoverable                                        169,338          127,626

                                                                      217,411          191,703

   Total trade and other receivables                                1,067,235          614,302


   Details of the trade and other receivables due from related parties are set out in note 36
   (2).




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

            Note:

            WuXi Co. has been recognized by the relevant government authority as a foreign-invested
            research and development center, which makes it eligible for a waiver of import tax on imported
            raw materials and equipment. The related import tax has been levied by way of “paid and refund”
            basis. The amount represents the related import tax paid by WuXi Co. to the PRC Customs which
            shall be refunded upon the application documents of the import tax refund have been validated
            by the PRC Customs.

            The Group allows a credit period ranging from 10 to 90 days to its customers. The
            following is an aged analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for credit losses)
            presented based on the invoice dates, at the end of December 31, 2018:

                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

            Not past due                                                       461,772          186,442
            Within 90 days                                                     236,288           57,549
            91 days to 1 year                                                   60,556           45,554
            Over 1 year                                                          4,242              312

                                                                               762,858          289,857


            As at December 31, 2018, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are
            debtors with aggregate carrying amount of RMB301,086,000 which are past due as at
            the reporting date. Out of the past due balances, RMB64,798,000 has been past due 90
            days or more and is not considered as in default as the amount will be repaid by the
            customer based on the customer’s promise and historical experience. The Group does
            not hold any collateral over these balances.

            As at December 31, 2017, 64% of the trade receivables that are neither past due nor
            impaired have the best credit scoring attributable under the internal credit scoring
            system used by the Group.

            As at December 31, 2017, included in the Group’s trade receivable balance are debtors
            with aggregate carrying amount of RMB103,415,000 which are past due as at the
            reporting date for which the Group has not provided for impairment loss. The Group
            does not hold any collateral over these balances.




214   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2018




22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   Aging of trade receivables which are past due but not impaired:

                                                                                       2017
                                                                                    RMB’000

   Within 90 days                                                                      57,549
   91 days to 1 year                                                                   45,554
   Over 1 year                                                                            312

                                                                                     103,415


   Movement in the allowance of trade receivables for doubtful debts:

                                                                                       2017
                                                                                    RMB’000

   1 January                                                                            (3,448)
   Impairment losses recognised                                                         (9,755)
   Impairment losses reversed                                                                4
   Write-offs                                                                            2,981

   31 December                                                                        (10,218)


   Movement in the allowance of unbilled revenue for doubtful debts:

                                                                                       2017
                                                                                    RMB’000

   1 January                                                                            (3,150)
   Impairment losses recognised                                                         (3,996)
   Impairment losses reversed                                                               —
   Write-offs                                                                               —

   31 December                                                                          (7,146)


   Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables and receivables for purchase of
   raw materials on behalf of customers for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set out
   in note 31(b).




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

            Trade and other receivables that are denominated in currencies other than the
            functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                                   2018             2017
                                                                                RMB’000          RMB’000

            US dollars (“US$”)                                                   520,779          179,964
            Euro (“EUR”)                                                              —             3,302
            Japanese yen (“JPY”)                                                      —             1,605


      23. CONTRACT ASSETS

                                                                             31/12/2018      01/01/2018*
                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000

            Contract assets
            — third parties                                                       42,657            29,948
            — related parties                                                         —              1,645
            Less: Allowance for credit losses                                     (6,631)          (10,962)

                                                                                  36,026           20,631


            *     The amounts in this column are after the adjustments from the application of IFRS 9 and 15.

            The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work
            completed and not billed because the rights are conditioned upon the Group’s future
            performance in achieving specified milestones as stipulated in the contract.

            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as
            follows:

            — Revenue on FFS basis

            The Group’s research contracts include payment schedules which require stage
            payments over the research period once certain specified milestones are reached. The
            Group requires certain customers to pay 20%-50% of total contract value as project
            start-up cost as part of its credit risk management policies.

            The Group classifies these contract assets as current because the Group expects to
            realize them in their normal operating cycle.

            Details of the impairment assessment of contract assets for the year ended December
            31, 2018 are set out in note 31(b).




216   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




23. CONTRACT ASSETS (Continued)

   Contract assets that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of
   the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

   US dollars (“US$”)                                                   22,967                 —


24. BANK BALANCES AND CASH/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/TIME DEPOSITS

   Bank balances and cash of the Group comprised of cash and short term bank deposits
   with an original maturity of three months or less. The short term bank deposits
   carry interests at market rates which ranged from 0.001% to 3.55% per annum as at
   December 31, 2018 (2017: 0.001% to 1.650%).

   Certain deposits are pledged to banks as collateral for the issue of letter of credit by the
   bank in connection with the purchase of raw materials, and plant and equipment by the
   Group.

   For the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group performed impairment assessment
   on pledged bank deposits and bank balances and concluded that the probability of
   defaults of the counterparty banks are insignificant and accordingly, no allowance for
   credit losses is provided.

   Bank balances and cash, pledged bank deposits and time deposits that are denominated
   in currencies other than the functional currency of the respective group entities are set
   out below:

                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

   US$                                                                 708,093        1,386,109
   Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”)                                            44,934            4,603
   EUR                                                                   6,461               —




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                    2018              2017
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

            Trade payables
              — related parties                                                     9,143                —
              — third parties                                                     211,840           137,293

                                                                                  220,983           137,293

            Other payables and accrual
             — related parties                                                         —             13,919
             — third parties                                                      107,855            50,927

                                                                                  107,855            64,846

            Advances from customers
             — related parties                                                           —           11,064
             — third parties                                                             —          243,682

                                                                                         —          254,746

            Option fee received (Note)                                             27,453            26,136
            Payable for purchase of plant and equipment                           210,052           213,022
            Salary and bonus payables                                             142,161            85,240
            Other taxes payable                                                     3,275             3,386

                                                                                  711,779           784,669

            Note:

            The amount represents a US$4 million non-refundable option fee received from an independent
            third party for granting the party an option to purchase certain of the Group’s assets. In December
            2015, an agreement (hereafter referred to as the “Option to Purchase Agreement”) was entered
            into between the Company and a Company’s strategic customer, pursuant to which the Company
            granted the customer an option to acquire certain of its biologics manufacturing facilities. The
            total consideration for the option was US$8 million, 50% of which had been paid in March
            2016 and the remaining 50% would be payable upon the Company completing certain required
            documentations. Pursuant to the Option to Purchase Agreement, the customer has a right to
            exercise the purchase option on or before June 30, 2020, which upon mutual agreement between
            the Company and the customer, may be extended until no later than June 30, 2023. Should the
            customer choose to exercise the purchase option, it has to pay the Company an acquisition price
            for the biologics manufacturing facilities determined on the basis as specified in the Option
            to Purchase Agreement; and the Company has to fulfil certain stipulated conditions including
            completing the transfer of the title to the biologics manufacturing facilities to the customer or
            its designated person, and obtaining all necessary regulatory approvals and consents in relation
            to the transfer of the facilities. The option fee would then be applied for part payment for the
            manufacturing facilities acquisition price. Should the customer choose to terminate the agreement
            without exercising the purchase option, the customer could apply the option fee to pay for any
            service fees due and payable to the Group for services rendered by the Group, up to a maximum
            of 50% of the option fee paid.


218   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2018




25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

   Details of the trade and other payables due to related parties are set out in note 36 (2).

   Payment terms with suppliers are mainly on credit within 90 days from the time when
   the goods are received from the suppliers. The following is an age analysis of trade
   payables presented based on invoice date at the end of the Reporting Period:

                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

   Within three months                                                   192,189          129,184
   Over three months but within one year                                  27,721            6,660
   Over one year but within two years                                      1,073            1,449

                                                                         220,983          137,293


   Trade and other payables that are denominated in currencies other than the functional
   currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

   US$                                                                   154,276          294,453
   EUR                                                                    12,187           17,191
   Swiss Francs (“CHF”)                                                    5,258            6,362


26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                    31/12/2018       01/01/2018*
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000

   Contract liabilities                                                  499,743          345,890


   *    The amounts in this column are after the adjustments from the application of IFRS 15.

   Revenue of RMB303,337,000 was recognized during the year ended December 31,
   2018 that was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning the year of 2018.

   The Group classifies these contract liabilities as current because the Group expects to
   realize them in their normal operating cycle.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

            Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognized
            are as follows:

            — Revenue on FFS basis

            The Group requires certain customers to pay 20%-50% of total contract value as
            project start-up cost as part of its credit risk management policies. The advance
            payment schemes result in contract liabilities which represent the Group’s obligation to
            transfer services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an
            amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

            — Revenue on CMO basis

            The Group shall invoice client for products and services upon commencement thereof,
            this will give rise to contracts liability at the start of a contract. The Group typically
            invoices 50% of the price on acceptance of manufacturing orders to commence work.

            Contract liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional
            currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                                              2018
                                                                                           RMB’000

            US$                                                                             359,038
            EUR                                                                                 650




220   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2018




27. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                        Assets                              Liabilities
                                 December       December         December          December
                                  31, 2018       31, 2017         31, 2018          31, 2017
                                  RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

   Derivatives not under hedge
     accounting
   Foreign currency forward
     contracts                          —                 —          14,010                 —
   Less: current portion                —                 —          14,010                 —

   Non-current portion                  —                 —                  —              —


                                        Assets                              Liabilities
                                 December       December         December          December
                                  31, 2018       31, 2017         31, 2018          31, 2017
                                  RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000



   Derivatives under hedge
     accounting
   Foreign currency forward
     contracts
   — Cash flow hedges              16,721                 —           5,058                 —
   Less: current portion            6,874                 —           4,981                 —

   Non-current portion               9,847                —                  77             —




                                             WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018   221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      27. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

            Derivatives not under hedge accounting

            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group entered into several USD/
            RMB foreign currency forward contracts with banks in order to manage the Group’s
            currency risk. Under the foreign currency forward contracts, the Group will pay to the
            bank notional amount of USD and receive from the bank an amount in RMB equal to
            the product of the relevant notional amount of USD and the relevant forward rate as
            specified within the respective contracts.

            Except for above, the Group also entered into USD/RMB foreign currency forward
            contract of European knockout with conditional payment structured forward (“European
            Knockout”) with conditional payment structured forward with certain banks. The strike
            price of the forward contract is 6.5250 (the “Strike Price”) and the European Knockout
            barrier is 6.1900 (the “KO Barrier”) which means the Group is entitled to the right of
            selling USD to the bank at the Strike Price when the mid spot exchange rate of USD/
            RMB on the relevant expiration date is above the KO Barrier. The bank shall pay the
            Group one additional payment of RMB65,000 if the mid spot exchange rate of USD/
            RMB on the relevant expiration date is at or below the KO Barrier.

            Extracts of major terms of foreign currency forward contracts on a net settlement basis
            from the respective contracts as at December 31, 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                Total
                                                                          outstanding
                                               Average strike/    Foreign    notional   Fair value
                                                 forward rate    currency       value    liabilities
                                                                 USD’000    RMB’000      RMB’000

            Sell USD
            Less than 3 months                 6.4600–6.5990      21,000     137,959         6,474
            4 to 6 months                      6.4807–6.7260      24,000     159,904         5,214
            7 to 12 months                            6.7260      15,000     100,890         2,322

            The Group did not elect to adopt hedge accounting for these contracts and therefore,
            for year ended December 31, 2018, losses under such forward foreign exchange
            contracts of RMB93,942,000 was recognized in other gains and losses.




222   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




27. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

   Derivatives under hedge accounting

   The Group entered into forward foreign exchange contracts with banks to manage
   its foreign exchange rate risk arising from anticipated future foreign currency sales
   transactions up to 18 months, in particular, the exchange rate between USD and RMB,
   which are designated as cash flow hedges. The major terms of these contracts on a net
   settlement basis as at December 31, 2018 presented are as follows:

                                                                       Total
                                                                 outstanding
                                 Average strike/         Foreign    notional          Fair value
                                   forward rate         currency       value              assets
                                                        USD’000    RMB’000             RMB’000

   Sell USD
   Less than 3 months            6.8925–6.9022            24,000         165,535             654
   4 to 6 months                 6.8743–6.9175            48,000         331,044           1,169
   7 to 12 months                6.8861–7.0410           135,600         938,132           5,051
   13 to 18 months               6.9282–7.0033           140,000         973,500           9,847




                                                                       Total
                                                                 outstanding
                                 Average strike/         Foreign    notional          Fair value
                                   forward rate         currency       value           liabilities
                                                        USD’000    RMB’000             RMB’000

   Sell USD
   Less than 3 months            6.7490–6.8715            44,000         301,527             941
   4 to 6 months                 6.8510–6.8715            18,000         123,380             450
   7 to 12 months                6.7750–6.8820            61,000         416,069           3,590
   13 to 18 months                      6.8820            14,000          96,348              77

   As at December 31, 2018, the aggregate amount of gains after tax under foreign
   exchange forward contracts recognized in other comprehensive income and
   accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve relating to the exposure on anticipated
   future sales transactions denominated in USD is RMB11,701,000. It is anticipated that
   the sales will take place within next 18 months at which time the amount deferred in
   equity will be reclassified to profit or loss.

   As at December 31, 2018, no ineffectiveness has been recognized in profit or loss.




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   223
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      27. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)

            Derivative financial instruments that are denominated in currencies other than the
            functional currency of the respective group entities are set out below:

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Assets
            US$                                                           16,721              —
            Liabilities
            US$                                                           19,068              —


      28. DEFERRED REVENUE

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Assets related government grants                              77,408         19,711


            Movements of assets related government grants:

                                                                                       RMB’000

            At January 1, 2017                                                           12,559
            Government grants received                                                    8,450
            Credited to profit or loss (note 6)                                          (1,298)

            At December 31, 2017                                                         19,711
            Government grants received                                                   60,542
            Credited to profit or loss (note 6)                                          (2,845)

            At December 31, 2018                                                         77,408


            During the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group received government grants of
            RMB60,542,000 (2017: RMB8,450,000) for its investment in laboratory equipment. The
            grants were recognized in profit or loss over the useful lives of the relevant assets.




224   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




29. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                       Number of
                                                                          shares             Amount
                                                                                               US$

   ORDINARY SHARES OF US$0.000025 EACH
   AUTHORIZED:
   At January 1, 2017, December 31, 2017 and
     December 31, 2018                                            2,000,000,000               50,000


   ISSUED AND FULLY PAID:

                                                                                            Shown in
                                                     Number of                           the financial
                                                        shares             Amount       statements as
                                                                             US$             RMB’000

   At January 1, 2017                              964,000,000               24,100               158

   Issue of shares by initial public offerings     170,118,057                4,253                29
   Issue of shares by exercise of
      over-allotment option                          28,947,000                 724                  5

   At December 31, 2017                          1,163,065,057               29,077               192


   Issue of new shares (Note)                        57,000,000               1,425                  9
   Exercise of pre-IPO share options                  5,876,333                 147                  1

   At December 31, 2018                          1,225,941,390               30,649               202


   Note:

   On March 29, 2018, the Company issued 57,000,000 new ordinary shares of US$0.000025 each
   through placement to certain independent third parties at a price of HK$70.00 per share. The net
   cash proceeds was HK$3,966,060,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB3,186,690,000), after
   deducting the issue cost of HK$23,940,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB19,236,000).

   All the shares issued by the Company ranked pari passu in all respects.




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   225
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      30. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to
            continue as going concern while maximizing the return to shareholders through the
            optimization of the debt and equity balance.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the
            Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a continuous basis taking
            into account the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The
            Group will balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new
            share issues as well as the issue of new debts.

      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      a.    Categories of financial instruments

                                                                             2018            2017
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortized cost/Loans and receivables
              (including bank balances and cash)                         4,985,689       1,913,351
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                       55,699         641,333
            Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                   136,578              —
            Derivative financial assets                                     16,721              —
            Financial liabilities
            Derivative financial liabilities                                19,068              —
            Financial liabilities at amortized cost                        495,186         403,050


      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies

            The Group’s major financial assets and liabilities include trade and other receivables,
            contract assets, financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI, derivative
            financial assets, pledged bank deposits, bank balances and cash, derivative financial
            liabilities and trade and other payables. Details of these financial instruments are
            disclosed in the respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments
            and the policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management of
            the Group manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are
            implemented on a timely and effective manner.




226   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

     Market risk

     The Group’s activities expose it primarily to currency risk, interest rate risk and other
     price risk. There had been no change in the Group’s exposure to these risks or the
     manner in which it managed and measured the risks during the year ended December
     31, 2018.

     Currency risk

     Certain group entities have foreign currency sales and purchases, which expose the
     Group to foreign currency risk. Certain of the Group’s bank balances and cash, time
     deposits, pledged bank deposits, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables
     are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the relevant group
     entities and expose to such foreign currency risk. The carrying amounts of relevant
     group entities’ foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities other than
     their functional currency are disclosed in the respective notes.

     The Group mainly exposes to foreign currency of US$, EUR, JPY, HK$ and CHF. During
     the year ended December 31, 2018, the Group entered into several USD/RMB foreign
     currency forward contracts with banks in order to manage the Group’s currency risk
     associated with anticipated sales transactions up to 18 months (see note 27 for details).

     The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets
     (trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, time deposits, bank balances
     and cash and derivative financial assets) and liabilities (trade and other payables and
     derivative financial liabilities) at the end of the Reporting Period are as follows:

                                                                         2018             2017
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

     Assets
     US$                                                             1,268,560        1,566,073
     EUR                                                                 6,461            3,302
     JPY                                                                    —             1,605
     HK$                                                                44,934            4,603
     Liabilities
     US$                                                               532,382          294,453
     EUR                                                                12,837           17,191
     CHF                                                                 5,258            6,362




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   227
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Market risk (Continued)

            Currency risk (Continued)

            Sensitivity analysis

            The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in
            RMB against US$, the foreign currency with which the Group may have a material
            exposure. No sensitivity analysis has been disclosed for the EUR, JPY, HK$ and CHF
            denominated assets/liabilities as the impact on profit is immaterial. 5% represents
            management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rate.
            The sensitivity analysis uses outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items
            as a base and adjusts their translation at the end of the Reporting Period for a 5%
            change in foreign currency rate. A positive number below indicates an increase in post-
            tax profit where RMB strengthens 5% against US$. For a 5% weakening of RMB against
            US$, there would be an equal and opposite impact on profit.

                                                                                 2018            2017
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000

            Impact on profit or loss
            US$                                                                (31,457)         (52,891)


            Forward foreign exchange contracts

            In addition, the Group has elected hedge accounting for certain foreign exchange
            forward contracts as set out in Note 27 since July 1, 2018. As at December 31, 2018,
            the Group has assessed the hedge effectiveness and concluded that all the hedge
            contracts are highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows of the hedged item
            attributable to the hedged risk and therefore there is no effect on profit or loss as the fair
            value change of the hedging instruments is recorded in other comprehensive income for
            the year ended December 31, 2018. As at December 31, 2018, the Group has elected
            not to adopt hedge accounting for certain foreign exchange forward contracts, that the
            fair value change of those hedging instruments are amounted to RMB14,055,000. The
            Group has assessed that the exposure of 5% foreign exchange rate changes on those
            hedging instruments not under hedge accounting is insignificant.




228   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

     Market risk (Continued)

     Interest rate risk

     The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate pledged
     bank deposits (see note 24 for details). The Group currently does not have an interest
     rate hedging policy to mitigate interest rate risk; nevertheless, the management monitors
     interest rate exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate risk should the
     need arise.

     The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate
     bank balances (see note 24 for details). The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is
     mainly concentrated on the fluctuation of interest rates on bank balances. The directors
     of the Company consider that the exposure of cash flow interest rate risk arising from
     variable-rate bank balances is insignificant, therefore no sensitivity analysis on such risk
     has been prepared.

     The Group fully repaid the bank borrowings during the year ended December 31, 2018
     and is not exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to bank borrowings as at
     December 31, 2018.

     Other price risk

     The Group is exposed to other price risk through its equity instruments measured at
     FVTOCI and FVTPL. The management manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio
     of investments with different risks. In addition, the Group has appointed a special
     team to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the
     need arise. The directors of the Company consider that the exposure of other price
     risk arising from equity instruments measured at FVTOCI and FVTPL is insignificant,
     therefore no sensitivity analysis on such risk has been prepared.

     Credit risk

     Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual
     obligations resulting in financial loss to the Group. At the end of each Reporting
     Period, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which cause a financial loss to
     the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising
     from the carrying amount of the respective recognized financial assets as stated in the
     consolidated statement of the financial position.




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   229
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk (Continued)

            In order to minimize credit risk, the Group has developed and maintained the Group’s
            credit risk grading to categorize exposures according to their degree of risk of default.
            Management uses publicly available financial information and the Group’s own
            historical repayment records to rate its major customers and other debtors. The Group’s
            exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties are continuously monitored and the
            aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved counterparties.

            The Group’s current credit risk grading framework comprises the following categories:

                                                                                     Receivables for
                                                                                     purchase of
                                                                                     raw materials
                                                                   Trade             on behalf of
            Internal                                               receivables/      customers/other
            credit rating     Description                          contract assets   financial assets

            Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of   Lifetime ECL      12-month ECL
                               default and does not have any         — not credit-
                               past due amounts                      impaired

            Watch list        Debtor frequently repays after due Lifetime ECL        12-month ECL
                               dates but usually settle after due  — not credit-
                               date                                impaired

            Doubtful          There has been a significant      Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
                               increase in credit risk since      — not credit-        — not credit-
                               initial recognition through        impaired             impaired
                               information developed internally
                               or external resources

            Loss              There is evidence indicating the     Lifetime ECL      Lifetime ECL
                               asset is credit-impaired              — credit-         — credit
                                                                     impaired          impaired

            Write-off         There is evidence indicating that    Amount is         Amount is
                               the debtor is in severe financial    written off       written off
                               difficulty and the Group has no
                               realistic prospect of recovery




230   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

     Credit risk (Continued)

     The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and
     contract assets which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                                                Gross
                                                Internal          12-month or                 carrying
     2018                                       credit rating     lifetime ECL                 amount
                                                                  RMB’000                    RMB’000

     Financial assets at amortized cost

     Pledged bank deposits                      Low risk          12-month ECL                  25,197

     Bank balances                              Low risk          12-month ECL              4,084,395

     Other receivables                          Low risk          12-month ECL                  24,604

     Receivables for purchase of raw            note 1            12-month ECL                  87,980
      materials on behalf of customers

     Trade receivables                          note 2            Lifetime ECL                819,156
                                                                    (provision
                                                                    matrix)

     Other items

     Contract assets                            note 2            Lifetime ECL                  42,657
                                                                    (provision
                                                                    matrix)

     Notes:

     1.   For receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers, the Group has applied
          the 12-month ECL approach.

     2.   For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group has applied the simplified approach
          in IFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. The Group determines the ECL
          on these items by using a provision matrix and categorizes its customers into three types:
          strategic type customers, normal risk type customers and high risk type customers, based on
          financial quality of debtors and historical credit loss experience based on the past due status
          of the debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current conditions and estimates of future
          economic conditions.




                                                         WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   231
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk (Continued)

            Provision matrix — internal credit rating

            As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating
            for its customers. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit
            risk for trade receivables and contract assets which are assessed based on provision
            matrix as at 31 December 2018 within lifetime ECL (not credit impaired).

            Gross carrying amount

                                                          Average loss        Trade      Contract
            Internal credit rating                                rate   receivables       assets
                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

            Grade A: Low risk                                  0.08%       643,606         25,350
            Grade B: Doubtful                                  3.39%       123,841         11,177
            Grade C: Loss                                    100.00%        51,709          6,130

                                                                           819,156         42,657


            The estimated loss rates are estimated based on historical observed default rates over
            the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information
            that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly reviewed by
            management of the Company to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is
            updated.

            As at 31 December 2018, the Group provided RMB56,298,000 and RMB6,631,000
            impairment allowance for trade receivables and contract assets respectively, based on
            the provision matrix.




232   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                        For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

     Credit risk (Continued)

     Provision matrix — internal credit rating (Continued)

     The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for
     trade receivables and contract assets under the simplified approach.

                                                Lifetime ECL          Lifetime
                                                 (not credit-     ECL (credit-
                                                   impaired)        impaired)              Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000

     As at 31 December 2017 under IAS 39                  —             (17,364)          (17,364)
     Adjustment upon application of IAS 39            (7,451)                —             (7,451)

     As at January 1, 2018 — As restated              (7,451)           (17,364)          (24,815)
     Changes due to financial instruments
      recognized as at January 1:
     — Impairment losses recognized                       —             (22,296)          (22,296)
     — Impairment losses reversed                      7,105              3,948            11,053
     — Write-offs                                         —              17,830            17,830
     New financial assets originated or
      purchased                                       (4,744)           (39,957)          (44,701)

     As at December 2018                              (5,090)           (57,839)          (62,929)


     The following table shows the reconciliation of loss allowances that has been
     recognized for receivables for purchase of raw materials on behalf of customers.

                                                                                        12m ECL
                                                                                        RMB’000

     As at 31 December 2017 under IAS 39                                                        —
     Adjustment upon application of IAS 39                                                  (1,018)

     As at January 1, 2018 — As restated                                                    (1,018)
     Changes due to financial instruments recognized as at January 1:
     — Impairment losses reversed                                                              959
     New financial assets originated or purchased                                             (955)

     As at December 2018                                                                    (1,014)




                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   233
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      b.    Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

            Credit risk (Continued)

            Provision matrix — internal credit rating (Continued)

            For the purposes of impairment assessment, other current assets are considered to
            have low credit risk. Accordingly, for the purpose of impairment assessment for these
            financial assets, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.
            In determining the ECL for other financial assets at amortized cost, the directors of
            the Company have taken into account the historical default experience and the future
            prospects of the industries and/or considering various external sources of actual and
            forecast economic information, as appropriate, in estimating the probability of default
            of each of the other financial assets at amortized cost occurring within their respective
            loss assessment time horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The
            directors of the Company considered that the 12-month ECL allowance is insignificant
            at the end of each Reporting Period.

            Liquidity risk

            In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level
            of bank balances and cash and unused banking facilities deemed adequate by the
            management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
            in cash flows.

            The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial
            liabilities and derivative instrument. The table has been drawn up based on the
            undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which
            the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest and principal cash
            flows.




234   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

b.   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

     Liquidity risk (Continued)

     In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative
     financial instruments. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted
     contractual net cash (inflows) and outflows on derivative instruments that settle on a
     net basis, and the undiscounted gross (inflows) and outflows on those derivatives that
     require gross settlement. When the amount payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed
     has been determined by reference to the projected interest rates as illustrated by the
     yield curves existing at the end of the Reporting Period. The liquidity analysis for
     the Group’s derivative financial instruments are prepared based on the contractual
     settlement dates as the management consider that the settlement dates are essential for
     an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.

                                      Weighted     On demand                                      Total
                                        average    or less than   One to five    Over five undiscounted      Carrying
                                   Interest rate      one year         years        years    cash flows       amount
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

     2018
     Trade and other payables              N/A        495,186             —            —          495,186     495,186


     Derivative — net settlement
     Foreign exchange forward
       contracts                                         4,981            77           —            5,058       5,058


                                     Weighted      On demand                                      Total
                                       average     or less than   One to five    Over five undiscounted       Carrying
                                   Interest rate      one year         years        years    cash flows        amount
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

     2017
     Trade and other payables              N/A        403,050             —            —          403,050     403,050




                                                                   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018   235
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      c.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments

            Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
            fair value on a recurring basis.

            Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value
            at the end of the Reporting Period. The following table gives information about how the
            fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular,
            the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value
            hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorized (Levels 1 to 3) based
            on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

            •     Level 1 fair value measurements are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market
                  for identical assets or liabilities;

            •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted
                  prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                  directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

            •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that
                  include inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market
                  data (unobservable inputs).




236   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended December 31, 2018




31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

c.   Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                                             Fair value as at
     Financial assets/             December 31,        December 31,           Fair value    Valuation technique
     financial liabilities         2018                2017                   hierarchy     and key inputs

     Financial assets              N/A                  Funds:                Level 3       Discounted cash flows.
     designated at FVTPL                                RMB573,378,000                      Key unobservable inputs:
                                                                                            (1) expected yields of debt
                                                                                            instruments invested by the
                                                                                            financial institution
                                                                                            (2) a discount rate that reflects
                                                                                            the credit risk of the financial
                                                                                            institution

     Financial assets              N/A                  Financial Product:    Level 3       Discounted cash flows.
     designated at FVTPL                                RMB67,955,000                       Key unobservable inputs:
                                                                                            (1) expected yields of underlying
                                                                                            instruments invested by the bank
                                                                                            (2) a discount rate that reflects the
                                                                                            credit risk of the bank

     Financial assets at FVTPL Equity Instruments: N/A                        Level 2       Most recent transaction price
                               RMB20,590,000                                                (Note)

     Financial assets at FVTPL Equity Instruments: N/A                        Level 3       Backsolve from most recent
                               RMB35,109,000                                                transaction price

     Equity instruments at         Equity Instruments: N/A                    Level 2       Most recent transaction price
     FVTOCI                        RMB136,578,000                                           (Note)

     Foreign currency forward Derivative                N/A                   Level 2       Discounted cash flows.
     contracts classified as     financial liabilities:                                     Future cash flows are estimated
     derivative financial assets RMB14,010,000                                              based on forward exchange rates
     and liabilities at FVTPL                                                               and contracted forward rates,
                                                                                            discounted at a rate that reflects
                                                                                            the credit risk of the banks.

     Foreign currency forward      Derivative             Derivative financial Level 2      Discounted cash flows.
     contracts classified as       financial assets:      assets/liabilities: nil           Future cash flows are estimated
     derivative financial assets   RMB16,721,000                                            based on forward exchange rates
     and liabilities at FVTOCI     Derivative                                               and contracted forward rates,
                                   financial liabilities:                                   discounted at a rate that reflects
                                   RMB5,058,000                                             the credit risk of the banks.

     Note:

     The investments were acquired in June and July 2018 respectively. No significant milestone was
     achieved since the acquisition. Hence, the most recent transaction price, which is the cost of
     acquisition, is used as the best estimate of the fair value.

     There is no transfer between level 2 and level 3 during the period. The directors of the Company
     consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at
     amortized cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.


                                                                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.      Annual Report 2018        237
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      31. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

      c.    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

            Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                         assets at
                                                                                           FVTPL
                                                                                        RMB’000

            At January 1, 2018                                                           641,333
            Total gains — in profit or loss                                               11,170
            Purchases                                                                    827,195
            Disposals                                                                 (1,444,708)
            Exchange adjustments                                                             119

            At December 31, 2018                                                          35,109


      32. OPERATING LEASES

            The Group as Lease

            The Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under non-
            cancellable operating leases in respect of land and buildings as follows:

                                                                            2018           2017
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000

            Within one year                                                 40,327        21,876
            In the second to fifth year inclusive                          124,648        75,254
            Over five years                                                 74,254        65,468

                                                                           239,229       162,598


            Operating lease payments represent rentals payable by the Group for certain of its
            office premises, factories and laboratories. Leases are for a term of 8 to 10 years and
            rentals are fixed for a range of 8 to 10 years.




238   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2018




33. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

   The Group had capital commitments for equipment purchase and building construction
   under non-cancellable contracts as follows:

                                                                      2018             2017
                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000

   Contracted but not provided for                                1,366,689          285,697


34. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS

   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries are members of the state-managed
   retirement benefits schemes operated by government. The subsidiaries are required
   to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefits schemes
   to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement
   benefits schemes is to make the specified contributions.

   The total cost charged to profit or loss in respect of the above-mentioned schemes
   amounted to approximately RMB67,806,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018
   (the year ended December 31, 2017: RMB51,529,000).




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   239
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      35. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES

            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing
            activities, including both the cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from
            financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will
            be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
            financing activities.

                                                                       Payable to
                                                                   related parties                  Payable in
                                                                       in relation                  relation to     Obligations
                                                      Loan from a        to Group         Bank        listing of under a finance
                                                     related party Reorganization    borrowings Company shares              lease        Total
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

            At January 1, 2017                           183,417           84,317       905,000              —             41,026     1,213,760
            Financing cash flows (Note)                 (183,889)         (83,325)     (928,323)       (136,750)          (11,345)   (1,343,632)
            Terminate of finances lease                       —                —             —               —            (30,157)      (30,157)
            Interest expense                                  —                —         36,292              —                476        36,768
            Transaction costs attribute to issue
               of new shares (included in
               share premium)                                 —                —             —          136,750                —       136,750
            Foreign exchange translation                     472             (992)      (12,969)             —                 —       (13,489)

            At December 31, 2017                              —                —             —                —                —             —


            Financial cash flows                              —                —             —                —                —             —

            At December 31, 2018                              —                —             —                —                —             —


            Note:

            The financing cash flows of bank borrowings represent the proceeds from and repayment of bank
            borrowings and interest paid in the consolidated statement of cash flows. The financing cash
            flows of obligations under a finance lease represent the repayment of obligations under a finance
            lease to a related party and the finance lease charges paid.




240   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                 Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2018




36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES

    In addition to the transactions and balances disclosed in notes 22, 23, 25 and 26, the
    Group had the following significant transactions and balances with related parties
    during the year ended December 31, 2018:

(1) Related party transactions:

    (a)   Provision of research and development service to related parties

                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

          WuXi MedImmune Biopharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
            (“WX MedImmune”)                                               19,763             10,928
          Adagene (Suzhou) Limited (“Adagene”)                                 —              26,656
          Huahui Anjian (Beijing) Biologics Technology
            Co., Ltd. (“Huahui Anjian”)                                         —             16,692
          JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                 391               292

                                                                           20,154             54,568


          Note:

          WX MedImmune is a joint venture held by WuXi AppTec (Hong Kong) Limited (“WAHK”),
          an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi PharmaTech.

          As at December 31, 2017, Adagene and Huahui Anjian were associates of WuXi AppTec
          (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“WXAT Shanghai”). Adagene and Huahui Anjian were no longer
          associates of WXAT Shanghai since January 2018, thereafter they were no longer related
          parties of the Group.

          JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a joint venture held by WAHK.

    (b) Provision of premises sub-leasing services

                                                                            2018              2017
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

          Abgent Biotechnology (Suzhou) Co., Ltd                                  —               431
          WuXi AppTec (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.
           (“AppTec Suzhou”)                                                      —               399

                                                                                  —               830




                                                      WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   241
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

      (1) Related party transactions: (Continued)

            (c)   Testing service received

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

                  WuXi NextCode Genomics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                 622             —
                  WuXi AppTec, Inc.                                         8,998         16,124
                  AppTec Suzhou                                                —               8

                                                                            9,620         16,132


            (d) Purchase of materials, plant and equipment

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

                  WuXi AppTec Sales LLC (“AppTec Sales”)                       —             732
                  WXAT Shanghai                                                —          71,156

                                                                               —          71,888


            (e)   Labor secondment service received

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

                  WXAT Shanghai                                                —             711
                  WuXi AppTec UK Ltd. (“WuXi AppTec UK”)                       —             611

                                                                               —           1,322


            (f)   Premises leasing services received

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

                  WXAT Shanghai                                             1,431          1,431


                  The transactions above were carried out in accordance with the terms agreed with
                  the counterparties.


242   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2018




36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

(2) Related party balances:

    As at December 31, 2018, the Group had balances with related parties as follows:

                                                                      2018              2017
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                               Non-interest       Non-interest
                                                                   bearing            bearing

    Amounts due from related parties
    Trade related
    WX MedImmune                                                       8,791             1,328
    Less: Allowance for credit losses                                     (3)               —
    Adagene                                                               —              2,099
    Huahui Anjian                                                         —              4,509
    JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                  —                134

                                                                       8,788             8,070


    Amounts due to related parties
    Trade related
    WXAT Shanghai                                                      8,894                —
    Adagene                                                               —              3,049
    Huahui Anjian                                                         —              8,015
    JW Therapeutics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                 249                —

                                                                       9,143            11,064


    Non-trade related
    Huahui Anjian                                                          —            13,919

                                                                           —            13,919




                                                WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   243
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (Continued)

      (2) Related party balances: (Continued)

            Maximum outstanding balance during the year ended December 31, 2018 of non-trade
            related amounts due from related parties are as follows:

                                                                            2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                       Maximum        Maximum
                                                                      outstanding    outstanding
                                                                          balance        balance
                                                                       during the     during the
                                                                             year           year

            Amounts due from related parties
            Non-trade related
            WX MedImmune                                                       —           2,812


            All the above balances with related parties are unsecured, interest free and repayable
            on demand.

            Except for WX MedImmune, Adagene, Huahui Anjian and JW Therapeutics, whose
            relationship with the Group have been disclosed previously, all of the other above
            mentioned related parties are considered to be related to the Group because they are
            the fellow subsidiaries of the Group under the common control of the Controlling
            Shareholders.

      (3) Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of the directors of the Company and other members of key
            management of the Group during the years ended December 31, 2018 were as follows:

                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

            Director’s fee                                                 1,140          1,137
            Salaries and other benefits                                   10,840          8,964
            Performance-based bonus                                        4,162          4,010
            Retirement benefits scheme contributions                         245            267
            Share-based compensation                                      25,914         28,117

                                                                          42,301         42,495


            The remuneration of key management is determined with reference to the performance
            of the individuals and market trends.



244   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2018




37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

   Equity instruments granted by WuXi PharmaTech to employees of the Group

   WuXi PharmaTech was once listed on the New York Stock Exchange and used to have
   an employee stock incentive plan (“WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options”).
   Pursuant to the WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options, certain directors of the
   Company and employees of the Group were issued shares of WuXi PharmaTech which
   are restricted in that these shares are subject to vesting term of one to five years (“WX
   RSUs”). The share restriction will be released when vested.

   WuXi PharmaTech was privatized and delisted from the New York Stock Exchange
   on December 10, 2015, and was taken control by New WuXi Life Science Holdings
   Limited (“Life Science Holdings”) which is a company controlled by the Controlling
   Shareholders. As part of the privatization process, the terms and conditions of WuXi
   PharmaTech Stock Units and Options were modified.

   Under the modified WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options, the total number of
   the outstanding WX RSUs remained unchanged, but all outstanding WX RSUs as at
   December 10, 2015 would be settled by a cash consideration based on the closing
   price of WuXi PharmaTech on December 10, 2015 (US$5.75 per share). Part of the
   cash consideration was paid out immediately to some of the designated employees
   (“Designated Employees”) of the Group holding outstanding WX RSUs as their WX
   RSUs were deemed to be immediately vested. For the other remaining employees of
   the Group (“Non-designated Employees”) holding outstanding WX RSUs, an escrow
   arrangement was made by Life Science Holdings to put aside the cash consideration in
   an escrow account and the cash consideration would be paid out to the Non-designated
   Employees when the original vesting conditions of the WX RSUs are met.

   Because the fair values of the outstanding WX RSUs under both the original and
   modified WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options as measured at the date of
   modification are determined to be the same, therefore, the outstanding WX RSUs
   would continue to be measured at the original grant-date fair value. For the Designated
   Employees, because their outstanding WX RSUs were deemed to be immediately
   vested, the Group recognized the share-based compensation expense related to this
   acceleration of vesting immediately in the profit and loss of the year ended December
   31, 2015. For the Non-designated Employees, the Group continued to recognize the
   corresponding share-based compensation expense of their outstanding WX RSUs in the
   profit and loss of the Group over the original vesting periods.

   For the years ended December 31, 2018, the Group recognized RMB2,495,000
   (December 31, 2017: RMB6,183,000) share-based compensation expense in relation to
   WuXi PharmaTech Stock Units and Options.




                                                 WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   245
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

            Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

            The Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was adopted pursuant to resolutions
            passed on January 5, 2016 for the primary purpose of attracting, retaining and
            motivating employees and directors. Under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the
            directors of the Company may grant up to 144,600,000 share options to eligible
            employees, including the directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, to subscribe
            for shares in the Company. Grantee accepting an option grant offered by the Company
            has to sign an acceptance letter and pay to the Company an amount of HK$1.00 as
            consideration for the grant.

            (1)   As of December 31, 2018, pre-IPO share options granted to the employees of the
                  Group and directors of the Company are as follows:

                                                                       Number of        Exercise price
                  Date of grant                                          options            per share

                  January 7, 2016                                      89,364,668             US$0.50
                  March 28, 2016                                        2,412,750             US$0.50
                  August 10, 2016                                       5,729,313             US$0.66
                  November 11, 2016                                     6,321,000             US$0.79
                  March 15, 2017                                       20,970,000             US$1.02
                  May 12, 2017                                          3,804,000             US$1.80

            (2)   Each option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme can only be
                  exercised in the following manners (each date on which any portion of option
                  granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting Date” and each
                  tranche on which any portion of option granted shall be vested is hereinafter
                  referred to as a “Tranche”):

                  Tranche                                 Vesting Date

                  twenty percent (20%) of the shares      second (2nd) anniversary of the offer date
                    subject to an option so granted         for an Option

                  twenty percent (20%) of the shares      third (3rd) anniversary of the offer date for
                    subject to an option so granted         an Option

                  twenty percent (20%) of the shares      fourth (4th) anniversary of the offer date for
                    subject to an option so granted         an Option

                  forty percent (40%) of the shares       fifth (5th) anniversary of the offer date for
                    subject to an option so granted          an Option




246   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2018




37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

   Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding options granted under the
   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017:

                                                                                                    Outstanding
                                         Outstanding      Granted         Exercised    Forfeited           as at
                                        as at January   during the       during the   during the     December
   Option batch                               1, 2018         year             year         year      31, 2018

   January 7, 2016                       81,281,882             —        4,995,983      173,640      76,112,259
   March 28, 2016                         1,414,750             —          102,475       36,000       1,276,275
   August 10, 2016                        5,570,313             —          470,275       93,600       5,006,438
   November 11, 2016                      5,575,000             —          307,600      235,400       5,032,000
   March 15, 2017                        20,048,000             —               —       200,500      19,847,500
   May 12, 2017                           3,758,000             —               —        40,000       3,718,000

                                        117,647,945             —        5,876,333      779,140     110,992,472


   Exercisable at the end of the year             —                                                  12,353,416

   Weighted average exercise price
    (US$)                                       0.65            —             0.53           0.81          0.66


                                                                                                    Outstanding
                                         Outstanding       Granted        Exercised    Forfeited           as at
                                        as at January    during the      during the   during the     December
   Option batch                               1, 2017          year            year         year      31, 2017

   January 7, 2016                       83,509,994             —               —     2,228,112      81,281,882
   March 28, 2016                         2,412,750             —               —       998,000       1,414,750
   August 10, 2016                        5,709,313             —               —       139,000       5,570,313
   November 11, 2016                      6,045,000             —               —       470,000       5,575,000
   March 15, 2017                                —      20,970,000              —       922,000      20,048,000
   May 12, 2017                                  —       3,804,000              —        46,000       3,758,000

                                         97,677,057     24,774,000              —     4,803,112     117,647,945


   Exercisable at the end of the year             —                                                          —

   Weighted average exercise price
    (US$)                                       0.53          1.14              —            0.65          0.65




                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   247
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

            Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

            The estimated fair value of the Pre-IPO share options granted were approximately
            USD20,489,000, USD555,000, USD1,773,000, USD2,227,000, USD9,430,000 and
            USD2,974,000 for the January 7, 2016, March 28, 2016, August 10, 2016, November
            11, 2016, March 15, 2017 and May 12, 2017 grants, respectively. The fair value was
            calculated using the Binomial model. The major inputs into the model are as follows:

                                      January 7,   March 28, August 10,   November    March 15,   May 12,
            Grant date                     2016        2016       2016     11, 2016       2017      2017

            Share price (US$)               0.48         0.48      0.65        0.75        0.95      1.65
            Exercise price (US$)            0.50         0.50      0.66        0.79        1.02      1.80
            Expected volatility          40.80%       40.80%    40.92%      40.87%      40.65%    40.46%
            Expected life (years)             10           10        10          10          10        10
            Risk-free interest rate       2.92%        2.92%     2.72%       2.83%       3.39%     3.67%
            Forfeiture rate               7.70%        7.70%     7.70%       7.70%       7.70%     7.70%

            Share price is determined as the total fair value of the Company’s equity divided by
            the total number of shares, assuming the allotment of shares as disclosed in Note 29
            has been effective on January 1, 2016. To determine the grant date fair values of the
            Company’s equity prior to the Company's Initial Public Offering on May 31, 2017, the
            Company used primarily the discounted cash flow method under the income approach,
            using cash flow projections based on financial forecasts approved by management
            covering a five-year period as appropriate and a discount rate of 13%. Cash flow
            beyond that five-year period has been extrapolated using a steady 5% growth rate. This
            growth rate does not exceed the long-term average growth rate for the market in which
            the Group operates. The result from the income approach was cross checked with
            the market approach, which incorporates certain assumptions, including the market
            performance of comparable listed companies, as well as the financial results and
            growth trends of the Company, to derive the total equity of the Group.

            The risk-free interest rate was based on market yield rate of China government bonds
            with the term corresponding to the contractual life of the options. Expected volatility
            was determined by using the historical volatility of the comparable companies. Changes
            in variables and assumptions may result in changes in the fair values of the share
            options.

            The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options
            are based on the directors' best estimate. The value of an option varies with different
            variables of certain subjective assumptions.

            The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB50,515,000 for the year
            ended December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017: RMB58,893,000) in relation to share
            options granted by the Company under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

            In respect of the share options exercised during the year, the weighted average share
            price at the dates of exercise was HK$66.28 (2017: nil).

248   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

   Restricted Share Award Scheme

   On January 15, 2018, the Company adopted the Restricted Share Award Scheme
   for the primary purpose of (i) recognize the contributions by certain employee of
   the Group (the “Selected Participants”); (ii) encourage, motivate and retain the
   Selected Participants, whose contributions are beneficial to the continual operation,
   development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii) provide additional incentive
   for the Selected Participants to achieve performance goals, with a view to achieving the
   objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the Selected
   Participants to the shareholders of the Company through ownership of Shares. The total
   number of the restricted shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Restricted
   Share Award Scheme shall not exceed three percent (i.e. 34,953,032 shares) of the
   issued share capital of the Company as at the adoption date.

   The Company will issue and allot to trustee new shares under the general mandate
   granted by the shareholders of the Company from time to time. The new shares so
   issued will be held on trust until the end of each vesting period and will be transferred
   to the Selected Participants upon satisfaction of the relevant original vesting conditions.

   The fair value of the restricted shares awarded was determined based on the market
   value of the Company’s shares at the grant date.

   (1)   As of December 31, 2018, the restricted share granted to the employees of the
         Group and directors of the Company are as follows:

                                                                   Number of
                                                                    restricted       Fair value
         Date of grant                                                  shares       per share

         January 15, 2018                                           3,122,240        HK$55.00
         March 20, 2018                                             1,846,677        HK$75.70
         June 13, 2018                                                784,946        HK$88.50
         August 21, 2018                                            1,339,787        HK$70.50
         November 20, 2018                                          1,026,230        HK$65.55




                                                  WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   249
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      37. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (Continued)

            Restricted Share Award Scheme (Continued)

            (2)   Each restricted share granted under the Restricted Share Award Scheme can only
                  be vested in the following manners (each date on which any portion of restricted
                  share granted shall be vested is hereinafter referred to as a “Vesting Date” and
                  each tranche on which any portion of restricted share granted shall be vested is
                  hereinafter referred to as a “Tranche”):

                  Tranche                                     Vesting Date

                  twenty percent (20%) of the restricted second (2nd) anniversary of the grant date
                    shares so granted                      for an restricted share

                  twenty percent (20%) of the restricted third (3rd) anniversary of the grant date for
                    shares so granted                      an restricted share

                  twenty percent (20%) of the restricted fourth (4th) anniversary of the grant date
                    shares so granted                      for an restricted share

                  forty percent (40%) of the restricted       fifth (5th) anniversary of the grant date for
                    shares so granted                            an restricted share

            Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted shares granted
            under the Restricted Share Award Scheme during the year ended December 31, 2018:

                                                                                                   Outstanding
                                            Outstanding      Granted                   Forfeited          as at
                                           as at January   during the Vested during   during the    December
            Option batch                         1, 2018         year      the year         year     31, 2018

            January 15, 2018                         —     3,122,240            —       343,580      2,778,660
            March 20, 2018                           —     1,846,677            —        95,794      1,750,883
            June 13, 2018                            —       784,946            —        43,244        741,702
            August 21, 2018                          —     1,339,787            —        13,727      1,326,060
            November 20, 2018                        —     1,026,230            —         4,859      1,021,371

                                                     —     8,119,880            —       501,204      7,618,676


            Weighted average fair value
             per share (HK$)                         —         66.84            —         62.37          67.13


            The Group recognized total expense of approximately RMB75,364,000 for the year
            ended December 31, 2018 (December 31, 2017: nil) in relation to restricted shares
            granted by the Company under the Restricted Share Award Scheme.



250   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2018




38. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES

   The direct and indirect interests in the following subsidiaries held by the Company
   during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:

                                             Place of Incorporation/    Authorized share                        Attributable equity interests
                                             operation, date of        capital/Registered                       held by the Company as at
   Name of subsidiaries                      incorporation                        capital     Paid up capital          December 31            Principal activities
                                                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                                                          %                %


   Directly held:
   WuXi Biologics Investment Limited (formally Hong Kong                   Not applicable   RMB2,065,376,000            100              100 Investment holding
     known as “Global Bond Investments         November 18, 2010
     Limited.”) (“Biologics Investment”)

   WuXi Biologics Ireland Limited            Ireland                       Not applicable                   —           100               — Sales and marketing services in Europe
    (“Biologics Ireland”)                    March, 2018

   無錫明德生物醫藥有限公司*                             The PRC                      US$20,000,000                     —           100              100 Development of, and the provision of
   (WuXi Medi Biologics, Inc.)#              September 26, 2016                                                                                consultation services in relation to
                                                                                                                                               the biopharmaceutical technology

   WuXi Biologics HealthCare Venture         Cayman Islands                Not applicable                   —           100               — Investment holding
    (Cayman) Inc.                            April 10, 2018

   WuXi Biologics HealthCare Venture         Hong Kong                     Not applicable                   —           100               — Investment holding
    Hong Kong Holding Limited                April 25, 2018

   Indirectly held:
   無錫藥明康德企業管理有限公司*                           The PRC                     RMB951,180,000      RMB951,180,000             100              100 Investment holding
   (WuXi Biologics Holdings Co., Ltd.)#      August 14, 2014

   無錫藥明生物技術股份有限公司*                           The PRC                   RMB4,915,770,000     RMB2,015,770,000            100              100 Development of, and the provision of
   (WuXi Biologics Co., Ltd)# (“WuXi Co.”)   May 25, 2010                                                                                      consultation services in relation to
                                                                                                                                               the biopharmaceutical technology

   WuXi Biologics (Hong Kong) Limited        Hong Kong                     Not applicable               HK$1            100              100 International sales contracting service
                                             May 12, 2014

   蘇州藥明康德檢測檢驗有限責任公司*                        The PRC                       RMB42,860,000       RMB42,860,000             100              100 Testing and development of testing
   (WuXi Apptec (Suzhou) Testing Technology May 30,2012                                                                                        technologies
     Co., Ltd.)#
     (“Suzhou Biologics”)

   上海藥明生物技術有限公司*                             The PRC                     RMB130,000,000      RMB130,000,000             100              100 Research and development in relation
   (WuXi Biologics (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.)#    January 6, 2015                                                                                   to biologics
     (“Shanghai Biologics”)

   WuXi Biologics USA, LLC.                  The United States of                 US$100              US$100            100              100 Sales and marketing services in US
    (“USA Biologics”)                          America
                                             April 21, 2016




                                                                                              WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                           Annual Report 2018                251
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      38. DETAILS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                      Place of Incorporation/    Authorized share                           Attributable equity interests
                                                      operation, date of        capital/Registered                          held by the Company as at
            Name of subsidiaries                      incorporation                        capital       Paid up capital           December 31            Principal activities
                                                                                                                                    2018            2017
                                                                                                                                      %                %


            WuXi Biologics UK Ltd.                    The United Kingdom        Pound Sterling 1,000 Pound Sterling 1,000           100              100 Sales and marketing services in Europe
            (“UK Biologics”)                          December 2, 2016

            上海藥明康德生物醫藥有限公司*                           The PRC                       US$50,000,000       RMB180,341,000              100              100 Production and sales of medicals, and
            (WuXi Biopharmaceuticals                  April 7, 2017                                                                                         provision of services in relation to
            (Shanghai) Co., Ltd)#                                                                                                                           the biopharmaceutical technology

            成都藥明生物技術有限公司*                             The PRC                       US$80,000,000       RMB179,340,000              100              100 Research and development in relation
            (WuXi Biologics (Chengdu) Co., Ltd)#      December 4, 2017                                                                                     to biologics

            上海藥明海德生物科技有限公司*                           The PRC                     RMB500,000,000           RMB2,000,000               70              — Biologics manufacturing service
            (WuXi Vaccines Co., Ltd.)#                August 1, 2018

            無錫藥明偶聯生物技術有限公司*                           The PRC                       US$20,000,000         US$16,000,000             100               — Biologics discovery, development and
            (WuXi Biologics Conjugation Co., Ltd.)#   March 13, 2018                                                                                       manufacturing service
            (“Biologics Conjugation”)

            河北藥明生物技術有限公司*                             The PRC                       US$17,000,000                      —            100               — Biologics discovery, development and
            (WuXi Biologics (Hebei) Co., Ltd.)#       June 19, 2018                                                                                        manufacturing service

            WuXi Biologics HealthCare                 Cayman Islands                 Not applicable                    —            100               — Investment holding
             Venture (Cayman)                         May 29, 2018


            #         English name is for identification purpose only.
            *         They are enterprises established in the People's Republic of China.




252   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.                    Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2018




39. FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

                                                                 2018              2017
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

   Non-current Assets
   Investments in subsidiaries                               2,288,456            97,209
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    —          1,245,753
   Derivative financial assets                                   7,211                —

                                                             2,295,667         1,342,962

   Current Assets
   Other receivables and prepayments                             4,301             1,054
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                             1,429,652         1,118,857
   Financial assets at FVTPL                                        —            573,378
   Time deposits                                                    —             98,013
   Bank balances and cash                                    3,275,568           323,073
   Derivative financial assets                                   3,465                —

                                                             4,712,986         2,114,375

   Current Liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                     41,719             30,288
   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                   2,883             25,268
   Derivative financial liabilities                              4,351                 —

                                                                48,953             55,556

   Net Current Assets                                        4,664,033         2,058,819

   Total Assets Less Current Liabilities                     6,959,700         3,401,781

   Non-current Liabilities
   Derivative financial liabilities                                   77                —


   Net Assets                                                6,959,623         3,401,781

   Capital and Reserves
   Share capital                                                   202               192
   Reserves                                                  6,959,421         3,401,589

   Total Equity attributable to the
    Owners of the Company                                    6,959,623         3,401,781




                                           WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.    Annual Report 2018   253
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended December 31, 2018




      40. RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

            The movement of the reserves of the Company are as follows:

                                                                               Equity-settled
                                                                                 share-based
                                                                               compensation       Accumulated
                                                               Share premium         reserve       profit (loss)   Total reserves
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000

            At January 1, 2017                                            —           38,308           (37,744)             564
            Loss for the year                                             —               —            (94,023)         (94,023)
            Share premium                                          3,436,155              —                 —         3,436,155
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               compensation                                               —           58,893                 —            58,893

            At December 31, 2017                                   3,436,155          97,201          (131,767)       3,401,589
            Total comprehensive income for the year                       —               —            225,739          225,739
            Share premium                                          3,206,214              —                 —         3,206,214
            Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               compensation                                               —         125,879                  —          125,879

            At December 31, 2018                                   6,642,369        223,080             93,972        6,959,421


      41. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                   2018               2017
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

            Unlisted shares, at cost (Note i)
            Biologics Investment                                                           2,065,376                           8

            Deemed capital contributions to (Note ii):
            WuXi Co.                                                                             92,225                32,221
            Shanghai Biologics                                                                  120,276                61,330
            USA Biologics                                                                         4,513                 1,424
            Suzhou Biologics                                                                      4,389                 1,811
            UK Biologics                                                                            838                   415
            Biologics Ireland                                                                       641                    —
            Biologics Conjugation                                                                   198                    —

                                                                                           2,288,456                   97,209




254   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.        Annual Report 2018
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2018




41. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

   Notes:

   (i)    The amount represents the cost of investment amounting to HK$2,357,198,000 (equivalent
          to approximately RMB2,065,376,000) in Biologics Investments, a wholly owned subsidiary
          of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong.

   (ii)   The amounts represent the equity-settled share-based compensation in respect of the
          respective share options granted by the Company to certain employees of the specified
          subsidiaries for employees’ services rendered to the respective subsidiaries under the
          Company’s Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme as disclosed in note 37. Since the subsidiaries
          have no obligation to reimburse such expense, the amounts are treated as deemed capital
          contribution by the Company to the subsidiaries and included in the Company’s cost of
          investments in subsidiaries.


42. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

   The Group has the following events taken place subsequent to December 31, 2018:

   On January 2, 2019, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 1,719,197 Series
   Mezzanine 2 Preferred Shares of Inhibrx, Inc, in addition to Mezzanine 2 Preferred
   Shares obtained during the year ended December 31, 2018, for a cash consideration of
   US$12,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB82,358,000).

   On February 1, 2019, the Group entered into an agreement to purchase 481,454 Series
   C-3 Preferred Shares of Canbridge Pharmaceuticals Inc., in addition to C-1 Preferred
   Shares obtained during the year ended December 31, 2018, for a cash consideration of
   US$5,000,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB34,313,000).




                                                     WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   255
      Definitions


      “AGM”                               annual general meeting of the Company

      “Articles of Association”           the articles of association of the Company (as amended from
                                          time to time) adopted on June 13, 2017

      “Audit Committee”                   the audit committee of the Board

      “Biologics Holdings”                WuXi Biologics Holdings Limited, a company incorporated
                                          under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on December 17,
                                          2015 with limited liability and a controlling shareholder of
                                          the Company

      “Board”                             the board of Directors of the Company

      “CG Code”                           the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to
                                          the Listing Rules

      “cGMP”                              Current Good Manufacturing Practice regulations, regulations
                                          enforced by the Food and Drug Administration of the United
                                          States on pharmaceutical and biotech firms to ensure that the
                                          products produced meet specific requirements for identity,
                                          strength, quality and purity

      “Chairman”                          the Chairman of the Board

      “China” or “the PRC”                the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purpose of
                                          this report, Hong Kong, Macau Special Administrative Region
                                          and Taiwan

      “Company” or                        WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc. (藥明生物技術有限公司*), an
       “WuXi Biologics”                   exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with
                                          limited liability on February 27, 2014

      “Controlling Shareholders”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules and
                                          unless the context requires otherwise, includes the Founding
                                          Individuals, Biologics Holdings, G&C Limited, G&C I Limited,
                                          G&C III Limited, G&C V Limited, G&C VI Limited, G&C
                                          VII Limited, G&C IX Limited, G&C Partnership L.P. Group
                                          & Cloud Limited, i-growth Ltd, I-Invest World Ltd and New
                                          WuXi ESOP L.P.

      “Director(s)”                       the director(s) of the Company

      “EU”                                a politico-economic union of 28 member states that are
                                          located primarily in Europe

      “Founding Individuals”              Dr. Ge Li, Dr. Ning Zhao, Mr. Xiaozhong Liu and Mr.
                                          Zhaohui Zhang

      “Group”                             the Company and its subsidiaries

      “HK$”                               Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong



256   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
                                                                        Definitions


“HKEX”                     Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited

“Hong Kong”                the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS”                     International Financial Reporting Standards

“IND”                      investigational new drug, an experimental drug for which a
                           pharmaceutical company obtains permission to ship across
                           jurisdictions (usually to clinical investigators) before a
                           marketing application for the drug has been approved

“Life Science Holdings”    New WuXi Life Science Holdings Limited, a company
                           incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on July 2,
                           2015 with limited liability, which holds 100% issued share
                           capital of Life Science Limited

“Life Science Limited”     New WuXi Life Science Limited, a company incorporated
                           under the laws of the Cayman Islands on July 2, 2015 with
                           limited liability, which holds 100% issued share capital of
                           WuXi PharmaTech

“Listing” or “IPO”         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock
                           Exchange on June 13, 2017

“Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
                           Exchange, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Main Board”               the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Model Code”               the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                           Listed Issuers contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“NYSE”                     the New York Stock Exchange

“Pre-IPO Share Option      the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by the Company
  Scheme”                  with effect from January 5, 2017, and amended on August
                           10, 2017, the principal terms of which are summarized in
                           “Statutory and General Information — E. Pre-IPO Share
                           Option Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus

“Prospectus”               the prospectus issued by the Company dated May 31, 2017

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”         the one-year period from January 1, 2018 to December 31,
                           2018

“Renminbi” or “RMB”        Renminbi Yuan, the lawful currency of China

“Restricted Share Award    the restricted share award scheme adopted by the Company
  Scheme”                  with effect from January 15, 2018




                                               WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018   257
      Definitions


      “SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
                                          Laws of Hong Kong), as amended or supplemented from time
                                          to time

      “Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of Shares

      “Share(s)”                          ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with nominal
                                          value of US$0.000025 each

      “Stock Exchange”                    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “U.S.” or “U.S.A”                   the United States of America

      “U.S. dollar(s)” or                 United States dollar(s), the lawful currency of the United
       “US$” or “USD”                     States of America

      “U.S. FDA” or “FDA”                 The Food and Drug Administration of the United States of
                                          America

      “Written Guidelines”                the Guidelines for Securities Transactions by Directors
                                          adopted by the Company

      “WuXi Biopharma”                    WuXi AppTec Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. (無錫藥明康德生
                                          物技術股份有公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on
                                          May 25, 2010 and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                          Company. WuXi Biopharma changed name to WuXi Biologics
                                          Co., Ltd. (無錫藥明生物技術股份有限公司) in 2018.

      “WuXi AppTec”                       WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. (無 錫 藥 明 康 德 新 藥 開 發 股 份 有 限
                                          公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on December 1,
                                          2000 and the shares of which are listed on Shanghai Stock
                                          Exchange (Stock code: 603259) and the Main Board of the
                                          Stock Exchange (Stock code: 2359). It is regarded as an
                                          associate of the Founding Individuals and hence a connected
                                          person of the Company

      “WuXi PharmaTech”                   WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc., a company incorporated
                                          under the laws of the Cayman Islands on March 16, 2007
                                          with limited liability. Its shares were listed on the NYSE (stock
                                          code: WX), and were delisted from the NYSE on December
                                          10, 2015

      “WX MedImmune”                      WuXi MedImmune Biopharmaceutical Co. Ltd (無錫藥明利康
                                          生物醫藥有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on
                                          September 5, 2013, which is a wholly owned subsidiary of
                                          WuXi MedImmune Biopharmaceutical Co. Limited

      “WXAT Shanghai”                     WuXi AppTec (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (上海藥明康德新藥開發有
                                          限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC on April 2, 2002
                                          and a wholly-owned subsidiary of WuXi AppTec

      In this annual report, unless otherwise indicated, the terms “associate”, “associated
      corporation”, “connected person”, “controlling shareholder”, “subsidiary” and “substantial
      shareholder” shall have the meanings given to such terms in the Listing Rules.



258   WuXi Biologics (Cayman) Inc.   Annual Report 2018
