Contents


Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .     2


Chairman’s Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            5


Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          10


Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     11


Corporate Governance Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                48


Profiles of Directors and Members of Senior Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               70


Report of the Directors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          72


Auditor’s Report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      116


Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        121
Definitions


In this annual report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the
following meanings:


“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company currently in force


“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board


“Board”                           the board of directors of the Company


“Company,” “We,”                  Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.*（海信家電集團股份有限公司）, a
    “Hisense Home Appliances”     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, whose shares are listed
                                  on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
                                  Exchange


“connected person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules


“controlling shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                     director(s) of the Company


“ESG Committee”                   the environmental, social and governance committee of the Board


“Group”                           the Company and its subsidiaries


“Hisense Air Conditioning”        Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Company Limited*（青島海信空調有限公
                                  司）, a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary
                                  of Hisense Group, which holds approximately 37.31% of the Company’s issued
                                  Shares


“Hisense Communications”          Qingdao Hisense Communications Co., Ltd.*（青 島 海 信 通 信 有 限 公 司）, a
                                  company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of
                                  Hisense Group, which holds approximately 2.00% of the Company’s issued
                                  Shares


“Hisense Electronics”             Guangdong Hisense Electric Co., Ltd.*（廣東海信電子有限公司）, a company
                                  incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Visual


“Hisense Finance”                 Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.*（海信集團財務有限公司）, a company incorporated
                                  in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group


“Hisense Group”                   Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.*（海信集團控股股份有限公司）, a company
                                  incorporated in the PRC with limited liability


“Hisense (Guangdong) Mould”       Hisense (Guangdong) Mould Company Co., Ltd.*（海信（廣東）模塑有限公司）,
                                  a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the
                                  Company


“Hisense Hitachi”                 Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.*（青島海信日立空
                                  調系統有限公司）, a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and
                                  a subsidiary of the Company

2     Annual Report 2025
Definitions


“Hisense Hong Kong”            Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
                               with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, which holds
                               approximately 8.98% of the issued Shares of the Company


“Hisense International”        Hisense International Co., Ltd.*（青島海信國際營銷股份有限公司）, a company
                               incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group


“Hisense Kitchen & Bathroom”   Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen & Bathroom System*（海信（廣東）廚衛系統股份
                               有限公司）, a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a
                               subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Mould”                Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.*（青 島 海 信 模 具 有 限 公 司）, a company
                               incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Visual”               Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd.*（海信視像科技股份有限公司）, a joint
                               stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of
                               Hisense Group, whose shares are listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock
                               Exchange


“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HASCO Sanden”                 Sanden HASCO Automotive Air Conditioning Co., Ltd.*（華域三電汽車空調有
                               限公司）, a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability


“Nomination Committee”         the nomination committee of the Board


“PRC”                          the People’s Republic of China


“Remuneration and Appraisal    the remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board
  Committee”


“Reporting Period”             the year ended 31 December 2025


“RMB”                          Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Rongshen Plastic”             Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd*（佛山市順德區容聲塑膠有限公司）,
                               a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the
                               Company


“R&D”                          research and development


“Sanden Company”               Sanden Corporation, a Japanese listed company and 73.16% owned by the
                               Company




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   3
Definitions


“Share(s)”                           share(s) of RMB1.00 each in the capital of the Company, comprising the A
                                     Shares and the H Shares


“Shareholder(s)”                     holder(s) of the Shares


“Strategic Committee”                the strategic committee of the Board


“substantial shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules


“USD”                                United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States of America


“Yen”                                Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan


“%”                                  percent

* For identification purposes only




4     Annual Report 2025
Chairman’s Statement


Dear investors,


The year 2025 was marked by both challenges and opportunities, as the global home appliance industry underwent
significant transformation against a complex and rapidly changing landscape. Throughout the year, escalating
international trade barriers, a persistently subdued property market, pronounced divergence in consumer demand, and
steadily rising raw material costs created considerable headwinds for corporate development. In response, Hisense
Home Appliances continued to drive its strategic transformation, confronting difficulties head on while remaining
firmly committed to a user centric approach. Guided by its “technology driven” philosophy, the Company pursued
bold innovation and consolidated high quality development against the prevailing market pressures. At the same time,
we remain fully cognisant of the need to address our existing weaknesses.


Upon a thorough review of the past year’s performance, we have clearly identified our own shortcomings and the
challenges we face. Our ability to respond with sufficient agility to fluctuations in tariff policies and the continued
rise in copper prices has proven inadequate, and this warrants focused attention going forward. Looking ahead, we
will deepen global resource integration and capability synergies, strive to build a more resilient overseas regional
production and supply chain system, and strengthen region specific management capabilities. To enhance
organisational effectiveness rapidly, we have advanced organisational reforms and digital and intelligent
transformation. Although the Company has experienced certain short term operational challenges in the course of
these changes, they are fully aligned with the requirements of high quality development and will lay a solid
foundation for building long term organisational capabilities and improving operational efficiency. In responding to
rapidly diversifying market demands, we see clear room to accelerate the pace of product iteration and innovation.
We will focus closely on evolving market needs, particularly the preferences of younger consumer groups, increase
technology reserves and product innovation, and enhance our product competitiveness. We will accelerate our
strategic expansion into emerging business areas including liquid cooling and heat pumps.


Notwithstanding the challenges and ongoing transformation, the Company’s operational fundamentals have remained
stable and sound. During the Reporting Period, the Company achieved operating revenue of RMB87.928 billion, net
profit attributable to the parent company of RMB3.187 billion, and cash flow from operating activities of RMB5.796
billion. These results not only demonstrate the Group’s operational resilience in a complex market environment, but
also reflect the dedication and efforts of all Hisense employees. We hereby extend our sincere gratitude to our
Shareholders for their long-standing trust in Hisense Home Appliances. Your support and confidence have been a
constant source of motivation and strength as we continue to move forward.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   5
Chairman’s Statement


I.     NAVIGATING CYCLES THROUGH A TECHNOLOGY-BASED FOUNDATION AND
       DRIVING PRODUCT UPGRADES THROUGH INNOVATION

       Technological innovation is the core driving force of corporate development, and we have always regarded it
       as a key tool for making breakthroughs. Over the past year, we have achieved remarkable innovative results in
       various fields.


       Steady progress in HVAC


       In the domestic market, our market share in multiple lines exceeds 23%, firmly maintaining a leading position
       in the industry. The launch of Hitachi’s “home-feel 3.0” system has redefined the standards for high-end air
       experiences. The system precisely perceives changes in indoor and outdoor environments and automatically
       adjusts temperature, humidity, air cleanliness and freshness, delivering a fully comfortable and healthy air
       environment for users. Hisense 5G Central Air-Conditioner ranked first in the industry in terms of user
       satisfaction with its excellent performance and high-quality service. The Hisense Hercules U6 Air Conditioner,
       launched during the “FIFA World Cup Trophy” exhibition in China, is the world’s first fresh air air-
       conditioners equipped with NearLink SLP Human Sensing 2.0 technology, featuring more precise intelligent
       perception, and was awarded one of the “2025 Top Ten Innovative Products of the Chinese Air Conditioning
       Industry”. In addition, our heat pump business experienced explosive growth. The Red Flame III series, by
       virtue of its high efficiency, energy-saving, and stable reliability, won the China Heat Pump Exhibition Gold
       Award, further enhancing the Company’s technological strength and market influence in the heat pump field.


       Strong breakthroughs in the refrigerator and washing machine sector


       Ronshen WILL Fresh Preservation Technology effectively extends the shelf life of fruits and vegetables by
       simulating natural lighting, moisture and temperature environments, driving an increase of 2.1 percentage
       points in the market share of mid-to-high-end refrigerators. Hisense vacuum refrigerators have maintained
       their position as the top-selling vacuum freshness preservation models with 440 patented technologies. Their
       unique vacuum freshness preservation technology retains the nutrition and texture of food to the greatest
       extent, satisfying consumers’ pursuit of high-quality life. In the washing machine sector, the growth rates of
       both domestic and export revenues significantly outperformed the industry. The launch of the Cotton Candy
       Ultra Family Drum has pioneered a new era of heat pump washing and drying. The product integrates multiple
       functions such as washing, drying and garment care, and adopts advanced heat pump technology, which is
       energy-saving and efficient, and causes minimal damage to clothing. Within only half a year of its launch,
       sales volume exceeded 100,000 units, making it a popular product in the market.


       Orderly implementation of AI


       With the rapid development of AI technology, we have comprehensively applied AI to our home appliance
       products. The introduction of the Xinghai large model has increased device response speed by 40%,
       significantly enhancing the user experience. The three major intelligent agents–Air, Gourmet, and Laundry &
       Care–were awarded the “Annual Home Appliance Intelligent Agent Innovation Case” by virtue of their
       innovation and practicality. These intelligent agents are capable of automatically adjusting the operating
       modes of devices based on user habits and environmental changes, allowing technology to truly integrate into
       daily life and providing users with more convenient and intelligent life services.




6    Annual Report 2025
Chairman’s Statement


II.   IN-DEPTH ADVANCEMENT OF GLOBAL LAYOUT WITH INDEPENDENT BRANDS
      ACHIEVING GROWTH AGAINST THE TREND

      In the face of volatility and uncertainty in overseas markets, we have actively adjusted our strategy, building
      competitive barriers through localized operations in seven major overseas regions, thereby achieving growth
      for our own brands against the trend.


      Europe Region


      In the European market, we adhere to a user-centric approach, gaining a deep understanding of the needs and
      preferences of European consumers, continuously optimizing product design and functionality, and launching
      a series of products that align with local market characteristics, thereby increasing the brand’s market share
      and visibility. Revenue from white goods increased by 22% year-on-year, and the market share of refrigerators
      increased to 11.4%.


      North America Region


      Relying on the localization advantages of the Monterrey factory in North America, the Company has fully
      leveraged the benefits of local production and sales, thereby reducing production and logistics costs, and
      enhancing the market competitiveness of its products. Revenue from refrigerators grew by 19%, and revenue
      from the commercial freezer business surged by 86%, becoming a new growth driver for the Company’s
      overseas business.


      ASEAN Region


      In the ASEAN market, we have intensified our brand promotion and marketing efforts, enhancing our brand
      awareness and reputation. At the same time, we strengthened cooperation with local suppliers and established
      a localized supply chain system, ensuring the timely supply and stable quality of products. Revenue from our
      own brands grew by 23.5%, and our market share of household air-conditioners in Malaysia ranked first for
      the first time.


      Deepening our global sports marketing presence


      Sports marketing is one of the key drivers of enhancing our brand influence. In 2025, we sponsored the FIFA
      Club World Cup and once again officially announced our status as a global official partner of the World Cup
      2026. Through cooperation with these top-tier international sporting events, our brand gained broader global
      exposure and recognition, with our brand equity index increasing by 4% year-on-year during the year. The
      passion, vitality, and team spirit embodied in sports events resonate with our brand philosophy, which has
      captured greater attention and affinity from consumers around the world.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   7
Chairman’s Statement


III.     DUAL-DRIVE OF GREEN MANUFACTURING AND SUPPLY CHAIN RESILIENCE

         While pursuing corporate development, we also attach great importance to green manufacturing and the
         construction of supply chain resilience, and are committed to achieving sustainable development.


         Manufacturing upgrade


         The Huangdao factory of Hisense Hitachi has achieved a major breakthrough in green manufacturing,
         becoming the first factory in the global air-conditioning industry to receive “Sustainable Lighthouse Factory”
         certification, which represents a high level of recognition for our efforts in areas such as energy conservation
         and emission reduction, as well as resource recycling and utilization. We continuously deepened the “AI-
         empowered advanced manufacturing” strategy, comprehensively promoted the integrated application of
         advanced technologies such as big data analysis, AI, digital twins, and 5G to optimize production processes,
         and implemented them across our global factories to achieve green manufacturing and efficiency
         improvements.


         Supply chain transformation


         We actively promoted digital intelligence operations and supply chain transformation, and optimized supply
         chain management processes, achieving a 22% improvement in the order fulfillment cycle. The commencement
         of production at the Thailand intelligent manufacturing base further improved our global manufacturing
         network, enhanced the flexibility and response speed of the supply chain, and laid a solid foundation for
         globalized operations.


         Green commitment


         We actively promoted carbon neutrality in the supply chain and reduced the carbon emissions of the supply
         chain by cooperating with suppliers to promote the concepts of green procurement and green production. Our
         ESG practices gained recognition from international authoritative institutions, demonstrating our proactive
         efforts and achievements in environmental protection, social responsibility, and corporate governance.


IV.      BALANCING CORPORATE VALUE AND SHAREHOLDER RETURNS

         We always firmly believe that shareholders are the strong backbone of the Company. Therefore, we attach
         great importance to delivering returns to shareholders and continuously strive to create greater value for
         shareholders.


         We are deeply aware of the support and trust of our shareholders in the Company. Through active dividend
         distributions and share repurchases, we have consistently enhanced shareholder returns. Over the past decade,
         Hisense Home Appliances has distributed cumulative dividends exceeding RMB5.6 billion. For 2025, the
         Board has proposed to distribute a cash dividend of RMB12.65 for every 10 Shares, further increasing the
         dividend amount per share. We aim to enable shareholders to share the fruits of the Company’s development
         and enhance their confidence in the Company through a reasonable dividend policy.




8      Annual Report 2025
Chairman’s Statement


OUTLOOK FOR 2026: FORGING AHEAD TO CREATE THE FUTURE TOGETHER

Global industrial transformation and the wave of AI are restructuring the home appliance industry ecosystem at an
unprecedented speed. Facing new opportunities and challenges, Hisense Home Appliances will adhere to its three
core strategies, forge ahead with determination, and work together with all stakeholders to build a brighter future.


Driving independent innovation in products and technology through a user-centric approach


We embed the “customer first” philosophy across all aspects of our business operations, establish a user journey
value stream, and reshape our organization and mindset to shift from operating products to managing user
relationships. Meanwhile, we will maintain the rhythm of “pre-feasibility study, project pipeline and development”,
continue to deepen independent technological innovation centered around user needs, and collaborate with the
upstream and downstream of the industrial chain to break through technical bottlenecks, leading the revolution in
smart living scenarios. We will build user products and a technical architecture oriented towards AI to propel an
industrial upgrade from smart devices to intelligent companions.


Unswervingly pursue the path of globalization


We will unswervingly pursue the path of global development, enhance our global brand influence, and deepen the
“the world managing the world” model to strengthen our localization and penetration in emerging markets. We will
reinforce our global footprint by crafting well-targeted marketing strategies tailored to the market characteristics and
cultural nuances of different regions. We will also strengthen cooperation with local partners and establish localized
R&D, production, supply chain, sales and service teams, so as to enhance our competitiveness and market share in
emerging markets.


Digital and intelligent transformation for quality improvement and efficiency enhancement


We will harness digital and intelligent transformation as a core driving force, utilizing AI to deeply empower the
organization and reshape our growth engines: on the one hand, we will enhance the efficiency of key functions such
as R&D and marketing, fully implement the user-centric IPD development process, and focus on the organizational
transformation of retail and marketing; on the other hand, we will build an end-to-end digital supply chain and
extensively apply industrial AI technologies to achieve full-process visualization and intelligent management of the
supply chain and manufacturing, significantly improving efficiency, flexibility, and anti-cyclical capabilities. By
fostering new quality productive forces, we will create more world class manufacturing benchmarks and deliver
comprehensive improvements in both quality and efficiency.


Storms temper our resolve; resilience keeps us moving forward. In the days ahead, we will continue to uphold the
corporate spirit of “honesty, integrity, pragmatism, and innovation”, forging irreplaceable competitive edge amidst
the evolving global industrial landscape. We believe that, with the joint efforts of all Hisense staff and the enduring
support and trust of our shareholders, Hisense Home Appliances will create a brighter future and deliver sustainable
value returns for our shareholders!


Once again, we would like to thank all investors for their support and trust in Hisense Home Appliances!




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   9
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN PRC                            TELEPHONE

No.88, Hong Kong East Road, Laoshan District,       (852) 2593 5622
Qingdao City, Shandong Province, PRC                (86-757) 2836 2866


HONG KONG OFFICE                                    FAX

Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148,   (852) 2802 8085
Connaught Road West, Hong Kong                      (86-757) 2836 1055


SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF                          EMAIL ADDRESS
DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                    hxjdzqb@hisense.com
Board Secretary: Ms. Zhang Yu Xin
Company Secretary: Ms. Wong Tak Fong                COMPANY WEBSITE

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                          hxjd.hisense.cn


Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                     AUDITOR
Mr. Yin Bi Tong
                                                    ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
SHARE REGISTRAR                                     9/F, Tower A, Fuhua Tower, No. 8, North Chaoyangmen
                                                    Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing, PRC
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716,17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong




10   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


I.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING
     PERIOD

     Hisense Home Appliances is principally engaged in the R&D, manufacturing and marketing of electrical
     products such as refrigerators, household air-conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing
     machines, kitchen appliances, etc., as well as moulds, automotive air-conditioner compressors and integrated
     thermal management systems, and provides full-scenario smart home solutions centered on the intelligent
     upgrade of home appliances. Leveraging its diversified and internationalized brand matrix comprising eight
     major brands, namely “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”, “HITACHI”, “YORK”, “gorenje”, “ASKO” and
     “SANDEN”, the Company enjoys a solid market foundation and excellent brand reputation. Focusing on long-
     term capacity building and fully acting on the requirements for transformation and upgrading toward high-
     quality development, the Company adheres to a user-centric approach, continuously deepening its global
     layout across R&D, production and sales channels while strengthening the synergistic efficiency of R&D,
     production and marketing. Meanwhile, the Company actively expands its global customer and channel
     networks and deeply applies AI technology to empower product innovation. By continuously launching high-
     end, product suite, intelligent and home-integrated product portfolios, the Company has significantly enhanced
     its market competitiveness, committing to creating a comfortable, smart and sustainable life for global users
     and building a diversified and steadily growing global business footprint.


     1.     Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioning (“HVAC”) Business


           (1)     Central Air-Conditioner Business


                   In 2025, facing the dual challenges of the persistent downturn in the real estate market and the
                   contraction of public construction projects, the Company actively responded to the country’s
                   call for carbon neutrality. Adhering to a market orientation centered on user demand, the
                   Company accurately deployed segmented industries and led the HVAC industry towards
                   intelligence and integration. During the Reporting Period, the market share of domestic multi-
                   connected machine exceeded 23%, continuing to lead the industry’s progress.


                   (i)    In terms of home fit-out business, the Company remained user-centric and focused
                          on the three major directions of “functional integration, intelligent interaction, and
                          energy efficiency,” tailoring technology to meet human living requirements.


                          Currently, users demand for a “comprehensive air experience” that is healthy,
                          comfortable and intelligent is continuously upgrading. Hitachi’s home fit-out business
                          continued to lead the trend of systematization and integration, revolutionary launching
                          the “Home-feel 3.0” smart air customization system. Based on the synergy of top-freon
                          and floor-water systems, this solution achieves deep integration across six dimensions,
                          including temperature, humidity and oxygen content, striving to create an ultimate
                          “regionally customized optimal air” experience for users. Meanwhile, Hitachi
                          strengthened its high-end positioning through new product series such as Total-Effect II
                          and Water Comfort. Leveraging brand activities such as partner conferences and
                          nationwide investment roadshows, 252 new large-scale stores were established, further
                          enhancing its high-end image. In 2025, the service NPS reached 96.0%, and the brand
                          was recognized as the “Preferred Brand for Multi-connected Machine User Coverage”
                          and retained the title of “Preferred Supplier in the Supply Chain,” maintaining its top
                          position in the heat pump dual-supply market, with its high-end recognition and market
                          status further enhanced.


                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   11
Management Discussion and Analysis


                                 Hisense’s home fit-out multi-connected machine continued to optimize the smart and
                                 healthy air experience, launching the “ThinkAir Active Health Management System”
                                 centered on 5G+ Honor Home, setting a new benchmark for smart air management.
                                 According to the White Paper on the Development of 5G Central Air-conditioning
                                 Industry published by All View Cloud, Hisense 5G Central Air-Conditioners ranked first
                                 in the industry with a user satisfaction score of 9.0. Furthermore, Hisense actively
                                 developed its heat pump business to build a “second growth curve” for its brand business.
                                 Its popular Red Flame III series achieved Class-1 energy efficiency across the entire
                                 range and realized powerful heating at -35℃, winning the “Gold Award” for Innovative
                                 Products at the 2025 HPE China Heat Pump Exhibition, establishing a high-end brand
                                 benchmark for Hisense in the heat pump industry.


                                 York VRF pioneered the elevation of the industry’s broad recognition of “Five-constant”
                                 to a top-tier standard of “Six-dimensional Nine-constant,” and launched the Six-
                                 dimensional Nine-constant Full-Air System. This system provides integrated premium air
                                 ecosystem solutions for high-end households, achieving technological leadership and
                                 value positioning in the high-end market. Leveraging the launch of Six-dimensional
                                 Nine-constant Full Air System, York VRF’s high-end dual-fan product scale grew by
                                 nearly 20% in 2025, significantly enhancing its influence in the high-end market.


                          (ii)   In terms of engineering business, the Company actively deployed segmented
                                 industries, with commercial multi-connected machine product technology continuing
                                 to lead the industry, while deeply cultivating the water chiller business to create a
                                 new benchmark for intelligent water chiller manufacturing.


                                 Targeting the high-value engineering market, Hitachi adhered to the dual-wheel drive of
                                 technological innovation and scenario-based cultivation, achieving continuous
                                 breakthroughs in key areas such as high-end buildings, medical clean environments and
                                 renewal and renovation, creating a series of landmark exemplary projects. For renewal
                                 and building renovation scenarios, the Company launched the SET-FREE RIII series
                                 refresh machines with a 25% energy efficiency improvement, alongside a series of high-
                                 efficiency products and solutions such as water-source multi-connected machine systems
                                 for existing water chiller projects. The SET-FREE RIII series refresh machines leverage
                                 innovative piping self-adaptation + pressure self-adaptation technologies to achieve reuse
                                 of old pipes and a 50% reduction in construction time, leading renovation projects with a
                                 high APF of 6.1 and winning the Innovation Product Award at the 2025 Refrigeration
                                 Exhibition. During the Reporting Period, the industry’s first dual-layer 360º airflow
                                 4-way cassette indoor unit was launched, providing breeze-free cooling comfort and
                                 efficient floor-level heating, comprehensively enhancing spatial comfort. In the property
                                 fitting-out furnishing market industry, the Hitachi brand reached a market share of
                                 30.2%, ranking first in the industry.




12   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


                   Hisense focused on segmented industries, with commercial multi-connected machine
                   products continuing to lead the technological frontier. Its representative M3 series
                   realized operation across an ultra-wide temperature range from -30℃ to 58℃, adapting
                   to extreme environments. This series of commercial multi-connected machines was
                   applied in a new campus of a Grade-A tertiary hospital, leveraging its wide temperature
                   range operation capability to ensure year-round uninterrupted temperature control for
                   critical areas such as operating rooms and ICUs, earning the evaluation of “Guardian of
                   Medical Environment Stability” from the hospital. At the same time, the Company
                   deepened the application of “photovoltaic-storage-direct current-flexible” technology. In
                   a low-carbon demonstration park project in the Yangtze River Delta, Hisense’s
                   “photovoltaic-storage-direct current-flexible” integrated technology solution achieved a
                   40% reduction in building energy consumption and was awarded the National Three-star
                   Green Building Certification, promoting the development of green buildings and
                   demonstrating industry leadership.


                   York deeply focused on full-scenario engineering demands, tailoring efficient heating
                   and cooling solutions for eight major fields: healthcare, smart campuses, smart catering,
                   green industry, high-end offices, star-rated hotels, comfort renovation and elderly care.
                   During the Reporting Period, the Company launched the YES-superⅢ series, YES-YZM
                   series and other products, with APF values reaching up to 6.45, ranking as the industry’s
                   top 1 energy efficiency.


           (iii)   In terms of new business areas, the Company focused on expanding key segmented
                   industries. Water chiller products continued to build advantages on the positive-
                   pressure, liquid-floating, oil-free platform, while the Smart HVAC ECO-B 2.0
                   System won wide industry recognition for its efficient full-category HVAC
                   management capabilities.


                   During the Reporting Period, the ECO-B 2.0 local industrial computer was successfully
                   implemented in over 30 projects throughout the year, with its remote version
                   significantly improving operation and maintenance efficiency by 40%. The multi-
                   connected machine energy consumption commitment management platform has been
                   launched, supporting energy consumption betting models with deviation controlled within
                   10%. The water chiller operation and maintenance platform effectively reduced
                   unplanned downtime by 30% through a three-level diagnosis mechanism. Furthermore, an
                   energy management solution for third-party air-conditioners was officially released,
                   achieving centralized management of three mainstream brands, with the development of
                   fault pre-diagnosis models significantly exceeding the target by 280%.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   13
Management Discussion and Analysis


                                 In the water chiller segment, the Company gained high recognition from customers in
                                 segmented industries through its self-developed permanent magnet direct-drive variable-
                                 frequency centrifugal technology and the industry’s first 10kV high-voltage positive-
                                 pressure, liquid-floating, oil-free variable-frequency centrifugal technology. Focusing on
                                 the “4+2” key segmented industries, the Company leveraged the synergy of water and
                                 fluorine systems to utilize the advantages of different products in various scenarios,
                                 completing the delivery and implementation of landmark projects such as the Foxconn
                                 Central China Zone 5 Industrial Park, Weichai FinDreams Battery and the Sinosteel low-
                                 carbon metallurgy high-temperature heat pump project. During the Reporting Period,
                                 Hisense water chillers achieved a year-on-year revenue growth of 69% in the data center
                                 industry and 15% in the industrial sector, serving numerous industry clients such as
                                 Foxconn Industrial Internet, BYD and China Resources Gas.


               (2)        Household Air-Conditioner Business


                          Taking “reshaping air value with leading technology and providing trustworthy full-scenario air
                          solutions for global users” as the mission in the household air-conditioner business, the
                          Company focused on upgrading the technologies and products of Hisense and Kelon. According
                          to the production and sales data from Industry Online, the Company’s domestic sales volume of
                          household air-conditioners increased by 9.6% year-on-year in 2025, which was 8.9 percentage
                          points higher than the industry growth rate.


                          (i)    Hisense Air-Conditioner is committed to building a “smart home air management
                                 hub,” leveraging breakthroughs in core technologies such as bidirectional fresh air
                                 and edge-cloud AI to empower a healthy and comfortable life with cutting-edge
                                 technology.


                                 Hisense Air-Conditioner strengthened breakthroughs in core technologies for fresh air
                                 intelligent air-conditioners, accelerated the construction and industrialization of edge-
                                 cloud collaborative AI control systems, and overcame key technologies such as
                                 simultaneous detection of multiple pollutants, magnetic levitation motors, bidirectional
                                 fresh air, and water ions. It launched a fresh air product matrix including the X3Pro, X5,
                                 X7Pro, and TRÉSOR U6, taking the lead in upgrading traditional air-conditioners into a
                                 “smart home air management hub.” According to monitoring data from AVC, Hisense’s
                                 brand index reached 106.4 in 2025, up 2.9 points year-on-year, with its fresh air air-
                                 conditioner retail sales share reaching 44.5%, achieving a rapid year-on-year growth of
                                 11.0% and solidifying its position as “Number 1 in Fresh Air Sales in 2025.” Meanwhile,
                                 Hisense released the Inverter S Architecture (with core chips, semiconductor devices, and
                                 inverter algorithms all being self-developed). The Deep Sleep X3Pro, equipped with this
                                 architecture, was honored with the “Annual Innovative Product Achievement” by the
                                 China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute for its effect of “quiet operation
                                 with oxygenation, an extra hour of sleeping with deep sleeping one night.” The X7Pro
                                 won the 2025 AWE Innovation Award and the “Nanshan Award” for Technological
                                 Innovation Product, leveraging the industry’s first bidirectional fresh air exchange




14   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


                     technology (simultaneous air intake and exhaust without expanding holes) and multiple
                     purification technologies certified under maternal and infant-grade cleanliness standards.
                     On the occasion of the first exhibition of the genuine FIFA World Cup™ Trophy in
                     China after more than 10 years, the globally debuted Hisense TRÉSOR Air-Conditioner
                     U6 became the world’s first fresh air air-conditioner equipped with Near Link SLP
                     human-sensing 2.0 technology. It ranked among the offline sales top 20 in its first month
                     of launch and was recognized as one of the “Top Ten Innovative Products of the Year in
                     China’s Air-conditioning Industry 2025.”


              (ii)   Kelon Air-Conditioner consolidated its 42-year dual-high efficiency product
                     heritage, incorporating magnetic levitation technology to enhance energy-saving,
                     quiet operation, and durability, improving the sleep and comfort experience of the
                     younger generation through ultimate product strength.


                     Kelon Air-Conditioner focused on magnetic levitation technology to comprehensively
                     enhance the quiet experience and durability of its products. The energy efficiency ratio
                     of the “quiet operation and energy-saving max” and Ultra series exceeded 6.26, with
                     performance reaching the industry’s peak level, earning the “ultra-high energy efficiency”
                     certification from the China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute and the title
                     of “Leading Brand in Quiet and Energy-saving” at the China Air Conditioning Industry
                     Summit Forum. In the multi-brand cross-testing initiated by the China Academy of
                     Building Research (CABR), the Yunduomao（雲朵貓）Ultra achieved stable cooling in
                     the extreme environment of the flaming mountains with a surface temperature of 80º C,
                     passing the certification as a “Supporting Unit for Research on the Adaptability of Air-
                     Conditioners and Heat Pumps in Harsh Natural Environments（ 嚴酷自然環境空調熱泵
                     適應性研究支撐單位）.” Following a comprehensive review by multiple departments
                     including the NDRC, the Ministry of Commerce, and the MIIT, Kelon was selected for
                     the “2025 China Consumer Famous Brands – Products of the Era (2025年度中國消費名
                     品時代優品）.” Based on product strength and through integrated full-chain operation
                     both on and off the platform, the proportion of young purchased users aged 26-30 for
                     Yunduomao Ultra on the JD.com channel increased to 27.76%. The annual sales volume
                     of mid-to-high-end products reached 66,000 units, of which the sales of Max and Ultra
                     series reached 19,900 units, with the proportion increasing by 3.1 percentage points year-
                     on-year.


   2.   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


        (1)   Refrigerator and Freezer Business


              In 2025, the refrigerator and freezer business, grounded in the dual-brand strategy of Ronshen
              and Hisense, focused on the core tenets of healthy freshness preservation and vacuum
              technology, continuously deepening technological advancements to create a user-centric product
              system. According to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, in 2025, the retail sales
              share of Hisense-branded refrigerators reached 17.0%, representing a year-on-year increase of
              0.6 percentage points, while the market share of mid-to-high-end and high-end segments
              significantly increased by 2.8 percentage points year-on-year.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          (i)    Ronshen refrigerator, revolutionizing the household preservation experience with
                                 nature-inspired freshness technology


                                 Ronshen is guided by the directions of “freshness preservation, health, and dual-system,”
                                 propelling business upgrades through product innovation and standards setting.
                                 According to monitoring data from AVC, the market share of Ronshen refrigerators in
                                 the mid-to-high-end and high-end segments increased by 2.1 percentage points year-on-
                                 year in 2025.


                                 To address consumers’ concerns regarding the loss of nutrients in ingredients, odor cross-
                                 contamination, and the instability of the preservation environment, the Company has
                                 launched the Xiwang（曦望）650 Freshness Preservation Refrigerator to match high-end
                                 consumer demand. Equipped with an upgraded version of the WILL Natural Fresh
                                 Preservation System, the model features a new AI Seasonal Light function, which
                                 automatically adjusts light colors according to seasonal changes to effectively enhance
                                 the retention rate of nutrients such as Vitamin C, lutein, and reducing sugar in fruits and
                                 vegetables. Combined with the smart dynamic water mist humidification system, it
                                 maintains a 70% golden humidity level. The refrigeration and freezing zones utilize
                                 independent cooling systems, fundamentally eliminating the risk of odor cross-
                                 contamination among ingredients. The innovatively equipped 3D Blue Light Ultra-clean
                                 Ice-making System can rapidly complete the ice-making process within 60 minutes while
                                 achieving -31℃ deep-freeze rapid freezing. Focusing on users’ needs regarding residual
                                 odors and health hazards from bacterial growth, two products under the brand, the Dual
                                 Clean Cube 506P60 and 516P60, are equipped with the core i-Smell Smart Sensing Dual
                                 Clean Max Technology. Leveraging the dual advantages of “intelligent odor
                                 identification + high-efficiency purification and sterilization,” these models can precisely
                                 identify over 100 types of odors in the refrigerator and actively release negative ions at a
                                 concentration of 30 million per cm³, achieving comprehensive and efficient purification
                                 and sterilization of the internal space. With its 9-in-1 core purification capability, the
                                 system fully ensures a healthy preservation environment.


                          (ii)   Hisense refrigerator, pioneering a high-end fresh-storage revolution with vacuum
                                 technology


                                 Hisense refrigerator has spent fifteen years in the vacuum preservation field,
                                 accumulating over 440 patent technologies. The innovatively developed vacuum magnetic
                                 field preservation technology creates a constant temperature, low-pressure, and low-
                                 oxygen environment, pioneering a dual preservation mechanism of “vacuum oxidation
                                 prevention + magnetic field enzyme activity suppression,” which has strongly propelled
                                 the innovation and upgrading of vacuum preservation technology. In 2025, it achieved
                                 the top position in sales in the domestic vacuum preservation industry.




16   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


                    To address users’ storage needs for long-term freshness of ingredients, the Company
                    launched the 565 series Vacuum Headliner fully embedded refrigerator. With vacuum
                    preservation 4.0 technology as its core, it captures freshness at the cellular level, reducing
                    the oxygen content in the vacuum cabin to 15.8% (industry average >21%), effectively
                    inhibiting enzyme activity and delaying the decay process at the molecular level, truly
                    achieving “first-class freshness after seven-day sealed storage.” Addressing the demand
                    for differentiated temperature and humidity storage for various ingredients, the Hisense
                    Tresor series features an innovative zoned temperature control system. The refrigeration
                    zone, vacuum drawer, full-width variable temperature zone, and freezing chamber each
                    have independent zoned temperature control, achieving exquisite segregated storage. The
                    full-width variable temperature zone supports independent temperature control from 5℃
                    to -20℃, allowing for seamless switching between freezing and refrigeration for flexible
                    freshness preservation. The market share of Tresor series products has increased for six
                    consecutive years, and the series has successively won the AWE Excellent Product Award,
                    the China Design Red Star Award, and the iF Design Award.


       (2)   Washing Machine Business


             Washing Machine Business concentrates its efforts on innovation to drive global growth. During
             the Reporting Period, the global main business revenue of the washing machine achieved rapid
             growth, and its operating quality continued to improve. In 2025, Hisense washing machines won
             industry awards such as “Top 10 Brands in the Washing Machine Industry,” “Pioneer of Triple-
             drum Washing Machines,” and “Leading Brand in Healthy Washing and Care.” Furthermore, it
             was authoritatively certified by Euromonitor International as the fastest-growing company
             among the global top 10 over the past five years (2021-2025).


             With the continuous improvement of user demand for health and quality life, partitioned
             washing and care has become an important trend in the home appliance market. In 2025, Hisense
             washing machines launched the revolutionary Cotton Candy Ultra Family Drum–the world’s
             first 4-in-1 heat pump washer-dryer. This product adopts a forward-looking modular split
             design, allowing users to freely choose from various installation methods such as stacking,
             splitting, and embedding, to combine personalized solutions of five, seven, or even more drums.
             The main drum of the Hisense Family Drum is equipped with a 13kg large-capacity washing
             zone. Combined with Hisense’s self-developed Zeus integrated heat pump drying system, it
             achieves 42℃ low-temperature gentle drying, caring for fabric fibers while efficiently handling
             large loads of laundry, with a drying effect comparable to a dedicated dryer. Since its launch,
             this series has won multiple heavyweight honors, including the “Annual Product Innovation
             Achievement Award（年度產品創新成果獎）” and “Healthy Washing and Care Pioneer Award
             （健 康 洗 護 先 鋒 獎）” from the China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute, the
             “2024-2025 Trend Product Yunding Award (2024-2025年度趨勢產品雲鼎獎）” from AVC, and
             the “Heat Pump Washing and Care Pioneer Product（ 熱泵洗護先鋒產品）” from the website of
             China Household Electrical Appliances Association (www.cheaa.com), leveraging its hardcore
             technological innovation. Its market performance was equally impressive, with sales exceeding
             100,000 units since its launch in June 2025, achieving a historic breakthrough in sales for
             Hisense washing machine products in the RMB10,000+ price segment. During the Double 11
             period, the Hisense Cotton Candy series ranked top 1 in the heat pump washer-dryer category on
             the JD.com platform and received AVC certification for “Number 1 in sales at the main offline
             price points for heat pump washer-dryers（ 熱泵洗烘一體機綫下主銷價位銷量第一）,” gaining
             dual recognition from both the industry and the market.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   17
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          To meet the increasingly refined laundry needs of consumers, Hisense washing machines have
                          improved their product lines through a diversified product layout, steadily strengthening the
                          brand’s core competitiveness. In the field of heat pump washer-dryers, the Cotton Candy E8Q
                          launched by Hisense washing machines was the first to achieve the standard size of 845mm
                          (height) × 600mm (depth), supporting in-situ replacement for users, which enhances installation
                          convenience and achieves seamless integration with the home environment. Under the industry
                          trend of growth in the washer-dryer category and accelerated penetration of large-capacity
                          washing machines, Hisense washing machines launched the 12kg large-capacity Cotton Candy
                          U6Q washer-dryer and the U7S washing and drying set in the second half of the year, quickly
                          winning market recognition and consumer popularity. In the field of intelligence, Hisense
                          washing machine products are equipped with an AI laundry housekeeper, which can
                          automatically generate integrated solutions covering scenarios such as “washing, drying, care,
                          reservation, and partitioning.” Users do not need to manually adjust complex parameters; they
                          only need to state their laundry needs to start an exclusive laundry program, easily solving
                          laundry challenges. Through the deep integration of intelligent technology and life scenarios,
                          Hisense AI home appliances have greatly facilitated people’s lives and were awarded the “AI
                          Agent Innovation Case of the Year（年 度 家 電 智 能 體 創 新 案 例）” in the 2025 Smart Life
                          awards.


               (3)        Kitchen Appliance Business


                          Hisense kitchen appliance business adheres to a user-centric approach and upholds the concept
                          of technological innovation, driven by the dual-track strategy of mid-to-high-end and innovation
                          to steadily promote high-quality business development. In 2025, Hisense kitchen appliances’
                          domestic revenue increased by 31% year-on-year, with offline revenue surging by 43%,
                          demonstrating strong growth momentum.


                          In terms of product technology and iteration, the Company mastered large air duct technology in
                          the range hood segment. The Wind-Eye U5（風眼U5) quiet range hood adopts 0º sliding opening
                          and closing technology to achieve 45dB quiet operation, passing dual Class-1 certifications for
                          quietness and smoke purification. This drove the revenue proportion of mid-to-high-end
                          products to 60%, successfully creating a blockbuster product in the kitchen and bathroom
                          industry. In the dishwasher segment, the Company developed high-quality bacteria-free products
                          such as S7 and W8 to meet household health needs, winning multiple industry honors. Core
                          products were awarded authoritative prizes such as the iF Design Award, Red Dot Award, and
                          AWE Innovation Award. In 2025, Hisense kitchen appliances spearheaded the formulation of the
                          industry standard Technical Specification for Top and Side Suction Range Hoods (《 頂側雙吸吸
                          油煙機技術規範》) as the group leader, and won multiple honors including Top 10 Brands in
                          the Kitchen and Bathroom Industry and Innovative Retail Case in China’s Home Appliance
                          Industry, with brand influence continuing to rise.




18   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


   3.   Automotive Air-Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business


        Sanden Company proactively adjusted its business strategy and accelerated its transition from a
        compressor-centric parts supplier to a comprehensive thermal management system provider for new
        energy vehicles. Capitalizing on the strategic opportunities brought by the comprehensive
        electrification and intelligent transformation of the automotive industry, it continued to provide
        efficient, energy-saving, intelligent and reliable thermal management solutions for global automakers.


        (1)   Adhering to the Product Strategy for New Energy Electrification and Expanding Integrated
              Thermal Management Solutions


               In terms of integrated thermal management systems, Sanden Company completed the research
               on key technologies for the next-generation ITMS highly integrated refrigerant integration unit
               (CRU) platform. By deeply integrating subsystems such as refrigeration, heating (including
               ultra-low temperature heat pumps), and battery thermal management, it can reduce the winter
               range degradation of vehicles by 25%. This addresses the differentiated demand for natural
               refrigerants and cost issues of thermal management systems for new energy vehicles under the
               “dual carbon” goals and PFAS environmental regulation restrictions. In terms of electric
               compressors, the fifth-generation electric compressor platform adopts a modular architecture as
               its core. Through the collaborative design of scroll compression mechanisms, motors, and
               inverter systems, the development of a family-based platform was completed. Based on the
               modular design scheme, it achieved compatibility with multiple refrigerants such as R1234yf,
               CO 2 (a potential environmentally friendly refrigerant), and R290 (a hydrocarbon refrigerant),
               achieving a dual breakthrough in “high energy efficiency and low noise.” In terms of air
               handling unit technology, significant progress was made in quietness, temperature control, and
               energy efficiency control technologies. Meanwhile, important breakthroughs were achieved in
               the fields of dual-mixing small air-conditioners and comprehensive air-conditioners combining
               double-layer flow and zoned temperature control technologies.


        (2)   Being Firmly Centered on “Customer Needs” for Marketing Strategy, Consolidating
              Business Foundation and Expanding Key Increments


               Sanden Company adhered to the strategy of “focusing on strategic customers and strengthening
               advantageous products”, strengthened collaboration with key global customers, highlighted the
               advantages of mechanical compressor products, and increased the promotion of thermal
               management systems and compressor products. In 2025, both the amount of new franchises and
               new orders increased by more than 30%: in the European market, leveraging traditional product
               advantages, it successfully secured large orders for mechanical compressors from core strategic
               customers, further expanding its leading position in mechanical compressors in the European
               market; In Japan, it obtained electric compressor franchises from important global automakers,
               laying a foundation for subsequent business expansion with Japanese automakers; in the
               Americas, it achieved a breakthrough by securing automotive air-conditioner orders, becoming
               the number one supplier for that customer’s automotive air-conditioner business; in the Chinese
               market, in addition to continuing to deeply cultivate the automotive air-conditioner and thermal
               management markets, it fully leveraged global technical synergy and supply chain cost
               advantages to establish an R&D center and supply chain management headquarters serving
               global customers.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   19
Management Discussion and Analysis


       4.       Overseas Business


                During the Reporting Period, Hisense sponsored the FIFA Club World Cup 2025, deepened localisation
                efforts, and capitalized on sports marketing, leading to the continuous improvement of the overseas
                popularity and influence of its self-owned brands.


               (1)        Europe Region


                          Hisense’s Europe Region promoted brand and product operations through multi-dimensional
                          synergy, focusing on resource investment in core markets and top channels, accelerating the
                          upgrade of mid-to-high-end product matrix, and comprehensively driving the growth of home
                          appliance business scale and the improvement of market share. In 2025, the revenue from
                          Hisense’s European white goods business increased by 22% year-on-year. Among which, the
                          sales of refrigerators increased by 15% year-on-year. According to GFK data, the market share
                          in terms of sales of Hisense-branded refrigerators reached 11.4%, representing a year-on-year
                          increase of 1.2 percentage points; the revenue from the household air-conditioner business
                          increased by 8% year-on-year; the washing machine business deeply cultivated strategic markets
                          and focused on advantageous categories such as washer-dryers, achieving a 38% year-on-year
                          revenue growth.


               (2)        North America Region


                          Hisense’s North America Region proactively responded to tariff challenges, captured structural
                          opportunities, dynamically optimized production capacity and supply layout, and achieved rapid
                          scale growth by leveraging the localisation advantages of the Monterrey factory; meanwhile, it
                          accelerated breakthroughs in key channels, improved product portfolios, and continuously
                          promoted brand value enhancement. In 2025, the revenue from the home appliance business in
                          the North America Region increased by 13% year-on-year, among which the refrigerator
                          business achieved a 19% year-on-year revenue growth by focusing on core channels; the revenue
                          from the commercial freezer business increased by 86% year-on-year; the revenue from the
                          dishwasher business increased by 56% year-on-year.


               (3)        South America Region


                          In 2025, the South America Region continued to promote business localisation while
                          accelerating product structure adjustments to achieve an improvement in the market share of the
                          Hisense brand. In 2025, the revenue from Hisense’s South American white goods business
                          increased by 28% year-on-year, among which the refrigerator business took the core channels of
                          South American countries as its foundation and continuously deepened the localisation level of
                          key markets; in 2025, the revenue from refrigerators in the Central and South America Region
                          increased by 43% year-on-year; the washing machine business achieved doubled growth in 2025
                          driven by the synergistic effect of multiple categories.




20   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (4)   Middle East and Africa (MEA) Region


             During the period, Hisense’s MEA Region shaped brand appeal through sporting event
             sponsorships, the “Middle East KOLs’ Trip to China,” and community marketing, focusing on
             top-end stores. Brand strength and channel efficacy consistently improved, resulting in a 9%
             year-on-year increase in revenue for 2025. Among which, refrigerators further deepened their
             layout in high-end channels such as flagship stores, with revenue increasing by 14% year-on-
             year. The sales volume of refrigerator and freezer products ranked first in the market for five
             consecutive years. Specifically, the market share of Hisense-branded refrigerators in the South
             African market reached 38.4%, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6 percentage points,
             ranking first in the market for three consecutive years. The air-conditioner business focused on
             the R&D and application of technologies such as inverters, R32, and six-stage current control,
             with self-owned brand business revenue increasing by 16% year-on-year and revenue from core
             inverter categories increasing by 32% year-on-year. Revenue from washing machines increased
             by 21% year-on-year.


       (5)   Asia-Pacific Region


             Hisense’s Asia-Pacific Region continuously enhanced its market influence through the
             restructuring of brand value, strengthening of channel construction, and innovation in product
             technology. In 2025, the revenue from the white goods business in the Asia-Pacific Region
             increased by 15% year-on-year, among which dishwashers and small appliances in the
             Australian market achieved rapid growth, and the air-conditioner business vigorously expanded
             professional channels, achieving a 70% year-on-year revenue growth; the Japanese market
             focused on differentiation and product strength enhancement, strengthening channel synergy and
             terminal display. The revenue proportion of self-owned brand business increased by 8
             percentage points, and profitability improved significantly. The channel acceptance and market
             recognition of Hisense-branded air-conditioners continued to rise. Meanwhile, localised
             investment was increased for potential markets such as Bangladesh, Pakistan, South Korea, and
             the Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan regions, leading to a significant improvement in operational
             quality.


       (6)   ASEAN Region


             During the period, the ASEAN Region focused on breakthroughs in brand business, balanced
             layout across multiple categories, comprehensive entry into chain channels, and expansion of
             traditional channels. In 2025, revenue from self-owned brands in Hisense’s ASEAN Region
             increased by 23.5% year-on-year. The household air-conditioner business continuously enriched
             its product lineup in areas such as smart connectivity and sterilization health, with its retail
             share in the Malaysian household air-conditioner market reaching the top for the first time, and
             breakthroughs were achieved in markets such as Singapore and the Philippines. The refrigerator
             and freezer business gained deep insights into user needs and improved product types, with self-
             owned brand revenue increasing by 28% and market shares in Thailand and Malaysia increasing
             by 1.7 percentage points and 0.6 percentage points, respectively. Among which, revenue from
             side-by-side refrigerators increased by 48% year-on-year, and the market share of the side-by-
             side category in Thailand increased by 4.8 percentage points year-on-year, with the product




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   21
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          structure continuously optimized. The washing machine business focused on breakthroughs in
                          functional products such as “health” and “sterilization + high-efficiency washing,” as well as
                          washer-dryer categories. Self-owned brand business revenue increased by 60% year-on-year,
                          with revenue from washer-dryer products increasing by 90%. Market shares of the washer-dryer
                          category in Thailand and Malaysia increased by 2 percentage points and 5.4 percentage points,
                          respectively, driving continuous improvement in the sales structure.


       5.       Driving Consumption Upgrade and Experience Leap with Policy Dividends and Digital Technology
                to Build an Omni-channel Smart Service Ecosystem


               (1)        Seizing the Opportunities of the “Two New” Policies to Lead Industrial and Consumption
                          Upgrades


                          The Company proactively responded to the government’s “trade-in” initiative by increasing
                          R&D investment in low-carbon, green and smart products, and launching multiple products that
                          align with policy and market demands. Concurrently, the Company actively launched joint
                          promotional campaigns with government and channels, offering consumer benefits through
                          subsidies and package purchase discounts. Driven by the “trade-in” and other policies, the
                          Company has continuously achieved product mix upgrades, with trends in high-end, intelligent,
                          and green development becoming prominent. Among which, the Cotton Candy Ultra Family
                          Drum washing machine successively won multiple honors such as the “Best Design Award” at
                          IFA Germany and the “Annual Product Innovation Achievement Award” from the China
                          Household Electric Appliance Research Institute, ranking top 1 in the heat pump segment. The
                          installation completions of fresh air-conditioner grew 49% year-on-year, and the Tresor
                          premium product series delivered strong performance with annual revenue growing 24% year-
                          on-year.


               (2)        Deepening Omni-channel Synergy to Transform Retail Model Driven by Data


                          The Company continued to drive innovation in its omni-channel new retail ecosystem,
                          accelerating the integration of online and offline sales channels across its nationwide
                          distribution network to achieve synergistic efforts across all channels and high-quality growth.
                          Self-operated channels maintained strategic focus, focusing on the upgrade of dual-channel
                          integration, with emphasis on enhancing capabilities in scenario-based experience, localised
                          services, and brand trust building. The number of new specialist stores opened in 2025 reached a
                          record high, with revenue from these stores showing steady growth. Emerging channels
                          continued to focus on ecosystem collaboration with content-driven e-commerce platforms,
                          integrating omni-channel traffic resources to precisely reach high-net-worth individuals, thereby
                          achieving scaled growth and quality improvement.


                          In terms of digital transformation of channels, on the one hand, it integrated local lifestyle
                          services through traffic platforms such as Douyin, Meituan, and Gaode, enabling full-chain
                          innovation in user interaction, transactions, and fulfillment, driving rapid growth in annual sales
                          of local lifestyle services. On the other hand, by advancing transformation initiatives in digital
                          channels, digital stores, and digital marketing, it accelerated the implementation of AI
                          technology applications and launched intelligent agents such as new media marketing and AI
                          sales champion trainers, thereby expediting the evolution of its retail model and enhancing
                          channel operational efficiency and the return on marketing investments.




22   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


        (3)    Deepening User Operation Transformation and Upgrading Full-scenario Intelligent
               Services to Create Efficient and Convenient User Experience


               The Company adheres to a user-centric approach in carrying out user operation transformation
               and service upgrades. It launched an industry-leading intelligent agent for user voice insights,
               achieving full-chain integration from authentic user voices to demand mining and closed-loop
               experience improvement. Taking the Hisense AiHome app as the core interaction stronghold for
               members, the Company leveraged top sports IPs such as the Club World Cup to deeply interact
               with members, resulting in an 18% year-on-year increase in member scale and a 55% year-on-
               year increase in monthly active users. Relying on omni-channel data and AI platforms, the
               Company created a new generation of AI customer service that “understands, answers
               accurately, and serves fast,” covering four core scenarios. It has cumulatively incubated over 50
               intelligent agents and 3 domain-specific large models, with hotline and text intelligent services
               available 24/7, significantly improving user satisfaction. The Company continued to expand the
               coverage of integrated delivery and installation and synchronized delivery and installation
               services, prioritizing the deployment of service providers localised partial renovation
               capabilities in core areas to meet consumers’ differentiated scenario needs. Through unified
               warehousing and distribution of spare parts and direct delivery to engineers, the Company met
               maintenance needs in advance, ensuring that maintenance services are completed in one go and
               comprehensively enhancing the user experience.


   6.   Hisense Smart Home: Building a Full-scenario Intelligent Service System with AI Technology
        Foundation to Achieve Industry Upgrade from Smart Devices to Smart Companions


        Along with the rising demand for whole-house smart solutions, the integration of AI large models and
        the Internet of Things (IoT) has become the key to the intelligent upgrade of home appliances. The
        Company has built the Xinghai + multi-parameter specification model matrix to construct an intelligent
        home appliance system that can “perceive, understand, decide, and execute.” Through the Xinghai
        model matrix, the Company achieved three major experience upgrades: firstly, interactive response
        speed increased by 40%; secondly, intelligent device synergy was realized; and thirdly, the knowledge
        enhancement engine achieved an industry retrieval accuracy of over 95%. Based on multi-source
        perception fusion and driven by a unified IoT Thing model, the Company innovatively created a
        proactive service mode where “service finds people.” The Company implemented its core technologies
        in the AI Life Housekeeper system, creating three major intelligent agents–air, food, and laundry–
        covering core home appliances such as air-conditioners, refrigerators, and washing machines to build
        full-scenario smart services:


        AI air housekeeper: Through the coordination of multiple sensors and large models, it senses and
        analyzes the whole-house environment and user behavior preferences in real-time, providing automatic
        regulation and proactive services in life scenarios such as sleeping, sports viewing, and removing
        formaldehyde to meet personalized air demands;




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   23
Management Discussion and Analysis


                AI food housekeeper: It intelligently identifies over 800 types of ingredients, manages storage, and
                provides proactive reminders for items nearing expiration; based on over 200,000 personalized
                nutritional recipes, it provides customized recommendations, achieving scenario integration from
                storage and planning to recommendation and purchasing; and


                AI laundry housekeeper: Through voice and text interaction, it identifies clothing materials and stains
                and intelligently recommends washing and care programs, solving users’ difficulties in washing and
                regulation, and upgrading the smart washing and care experience for users with “instant response.”


                Through proactive service and scenario linkage, Hisense Smart Life transforms technology into an
                intuitive and convenient experience. Leveraging the innovation of the three major intelligent agents and
                proactive service scenarios, Hisense AI Life Housekeeper was awarded the “Annual Innovative Case of
                Home Appliance Agent” in the 2025 Smart Life awards by The Beijing News , with its industry
                influence and user value once again gaining recognition.


       7.       Hisense Global Supply Chain: Driving Efficiency Leap and Risk Control with Digital Intelligence
                to Build a Global Efficient Supply Chain Ecosystem


                The Company is committed to building an efficient, agile, transparent and sustainable global supply
                chain system centered on users, deepening category management and regional integrated procurement,
                and continuously strengthening the competitiveness of the resource pool to lay a solid foundation for
                global business development. During the Reporting Period, the Company actively promoted high-
                quality domestic suppliers into overseas markets and enhanced the supply of overseas localised
                resources, forming a hierarchical overseas supply system. In 2025, the coverage rate of the overseas
                resource pool achieved a significant breakthrough, with the supply chain coverage rate of air-
                conditioners in Thailand and refrigerators in Mexico reaching over 90%, providing strong support for
                the increase in the proportion of localised procurement.


                Concurrently, by laying out a global resource network, the Company introduced top-tier international
                supplier resources to multiple factories in Mexico, Europe, and Southeast Asia, effectively responding
                to international trade barriers; adhered to the dual-track backup strategy for chips, and continuously
                improved the risk prevention mechanism of the overseas supply chain; VMI supply model improved by
                38% year-on-year, significantly enhancing supply chain resilience; through digital intelligence
                operations, the fulfillment cycle of orders improved by 22% year-on-year, achieving a significant leap
                in the overall fulfillment capability of the supply chain; promoted the green and sustainable
                development of the supply chain, collaborated with suppliers to deepen the construction of the ESG
                system, and built a transparent supply chain management system through digital means.




24   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


   8.   Hisense Advanced Manufacturing: Driving Efficiency Leap and Global Benchmark Leadership
        with “AI + Digital Intelligence” to Build a Resilient Supply Chain Network


        In 2025, the Company continuously deepened its “AI-empowered advanced manufacturing” strategy,
        systematically enhancing manufacturing efficiency and sustainable development capabilities through
        the application of world-leading technological innovations and a highly synergistic global
        manufacturing layout. At the technological innovation level, the Company comprehensively promoted
        the integrated application of advanced technologies such as big data analysis, AI, digital twins, and 5G
        to reduce abnormal losses such as equipment failures and improve the first-pass yield of products,
        driving a 21% year-on-year increase in manufacturing efficiency across its global factories. Its
        outstanding manufacturing capabilities have gained international authoritative recognition. The
        Huangdao factory of Hisense Hitachi, following its recognition as a World Economic Forum (WEF)
        “Lighthouse Factory for Manufacturing Excellence” in 2024, further received the world’s first
        “Sustainable Lighthouse Factory” certification in the multi-connected machine air-conditioning industry
        during the Reporting Period, becoming the only benchmark factory in the global air-conditioning
        industry to simultaneously hold both “Manufacturing Excellence” and “Sustainability” lighthouse
        certifications. Furthermore, the Company’s intelligent manufacturing strength received national-level
        recognition, with 3 additional factories rated as National Level 4 Intelligent Manufacturing Factories, 1
        factory rated as a National 5G Factory, and 1 factory rated as a National Excellence Factory, fully
        demonstrating the Company’s leading position in the field of intelligent manufacturing.


        In terms of global manufacturing network construction, the Company adopted a parallel strategy of
        “new construction + upgrading” (new capacity + upgrading and renovation) to continuously strengthen
        the resilience and responsiveness of its global supply chain. In September 2025, the Thailand
        Intelligent Manufacturing Industrial Park, positioned as a regional intelligent manufacturing base for
        Southeast Asia, officially commenced construction. The first phase of the park plans to build intelligent
        production lines for refrigerators, washing machines, and air-conditioners, fully benchmarking against
        lighthouse factory standards to create advanced production lines with full-process digitalization and
        intelligence. In December 2025, the Changsha Home Appliance Industrial Park was completed and put
        into operation as scheduled, with its first-phase commercial air-conditioning intelligent manufacturing
        base focusing on high-end products such as water chillers and multi-connected machines. Through an
        efficient multi-base capacity synergy mechanism, this base has effectively enhanced the Company’s
        responsiveness to customer order demands. The smooth progress of project construction and operation
        of the two key bases in Thailand and Changsha mark the “Global 7+1” manufacturing network layout
        of Hisense Home Appliances (a global manufacturing system covering Asia-Pacific, ASEAN, North
        America, Central and South America, MEA, Europe, India, and China). This layout serves as the core
        pivot of the Company’s globalization strategy, effectively enhancing supply chain resilience and
        localised responsiveness, and providing solid capacity support for the Company’s continuous expansion
        in the global market.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   25
Management Discussion and Analysis


II.     STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE
        REPORTING PERIOD

        1.       Overview of the HVAC Market


                 (1)       Central Air-Conditioner Market


                           According to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the overall market capacity of the
                           central air-conditioner industry decreased by 17.1% year-on-year in 2025. The industry is
                           currently in a downward cycle, but the multi-connected machine remains the dominant product
                           as a core category, and brand concentration continues to increase.


                           Affected by the sharp decline in the scale of the property fitting-out furnishing market and the
                           postponement of large-scale public construction projects, the commercial fit-out market
                           decreased by 16.0% year-on-year. While demand in the traditional public construction sector
                           remained relatively weak, niche markets such as high-end property fitting-out furnishing
                           projects, data centers, new energy, and semiconductors demonstrated strong resilience. Driven
                           by the dual forces of the national “Dual Carbon Goals” policy and the equipment renewal cycle,
                           the demand for energy-saving retrofitting continued to be released, making the market of
                           existing stock a new growth engine.


                           Due to the sluggish real estate market, the home fit-out retail market has entered a period of
                           deep adjustment, with the market scale declining by 20.0% year-on-year. The current trend of
                           consumption segmentation is prominent, with demand in the mid-to-low-end segment continuing
                           to contract, while high-end improvement demand remains resilient against the trend. The retail
                           share of dual-supply systems rose to 11.3%, and the market share of solutions for large
                           residential units, such as multi-constant systems, continued to increase. Energy-saving,
                           intelligent, and comfortable products are becoming the mainstream choice for consumers who
                           prioritize quality and brand.


                 (2)       Household Air-Conditioner Market


                           In 2025, the household air-conditioner market exhibited a trend of “hot first and cold later.”
                           According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, in the first three quarters, sales of
                           the air-conditioner market increased by 8.7% year-on-year, while sales in the fourth quarter fell
                           by 33.9% year-on-year, leading to a slight decline in the annual market size. The annual retail
                           volume of the domestic air-conditioner market increased by 4.7% year-on-year, while retail sales
                           fell by 0.4% year-on-year.


                           Within the market of existing stock, household air-conditioner enterprises were deeply
                           embroiled in price wars, and market competition was increasingly fierce. Although the market
                           size remained flat due to the favorable impact of national subsidy policies throughout the year,
                           the average industry price still touched a historical low for the past five years. However,
                           products with energy-saving, comfort breeze, and healthy air as core functions are becoming
                           important industry trends for industry structural upgrade.




26    Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


   2.   Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market


        (1)   Domestic Refrigerator and Freezer Market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume and sales of the
              domestic refrigerator market decreased by 8.6% and 11.5% year-on-year respectively in 2025.
              Affected by factors such as the contraction of overall demand for home appliances and the
              phase-out of national subsidy policies, the refrigerator industry witnessed a decrease in both
              volume and sales, with market competition continuously intensifying at the levels of price and
              product performance. Along with the consumers’ increasing demand for high-quality home
              appliances, the upgrade of refrigerator products focused on functional directions such as refined
              storage experience, health, and energy saving. Meanwhile, the penetration rate of AI technology
              in the refrigerator category is climbing rapidly.


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume and sales of the
              freezer market declined by 5.7% and 6.4% year-on-year respectively in 2025. As the pull of
              national subsidies weakened, the freezer industry saw increases in both volume and price in the
              second and third quarters, but experienced a sharp decline in the fourth quarter. Meanwhile, the
              penetration rate of air cooling continued to rise, and energy saving has become the core driving
              force for the current and future development of the freezer industry.


        (2)   Domestic Washing Machine Market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the omni-channel sales volume of
              the Chinese washing machine market was 41.66 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-
              year decrease of 3.2%. Affected by the tightening of consumption subsidy policies in various
              regions, the industry exhibited a clear “policy phase-out” effect, which had a particularly
              significant impact on the offline mid-to-high-end drum washing machine market. Under the
              overall pressure on the market, product innovation has become the core engine for traversing the
              cycle. The industry is accelerating towards a stage of value cultivation, with partitioned washing
              and care, heat pump washer-dryers, and AI becoming the core directions driving the upgrade of
              product mix. Products are transitioning from basic functional operations to intelligent
              recognition, precise washing and care, and scenario-based convenient experiences.


        (3)   Domestic Kitchen Appliance Market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail sales of large kitchen and
              bathroom appliances decreased by 4.8% year-on-year in 2025. All categories showed a
              downward trend, and the industry entered a stage of cycle transition. The kitchen appliance
              industry is accelerating the exploration of structural breakthrough opportunities: the scale of the
              range hood and stove market reached its peak, and the national standards ushered in a brand-new
              upgrade; dishwashers’ annual scale was dragged down by the decline in the fourth quarter, but
              there was still incremental growth in the retail lower-tier markets, and the property fitting-out
              furnishing rate in the engineering sector exceeded 60% and maintained high growth; embedded
              products’ annual scale declined by 5% due to the impact of the fourth quarter, while the online
              penetration rate of 3-in-1 microwave combi ovens reached 52.6%, with product iteration
              accelerating structural upgrade; the water heater market compensated for the overdraft of
              demand in 2024, and electric water heaters developed steadily overall. Currently, the
              competition landscape of the kitchen appliance market is diversified, and leading brands have


                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   27
Management Discussion and Analysis


                            not yet formed a monopoly. There is still room for breakthroughs in niche markets. Quality
                            improvement in range hoods, stoves, gas water heaters, and embedded categories can be
                            promoted through product upgrades, and the popularization of dishwashers and the expansion of
                            electric water heaters can be accelerated with high cost-effectiveness.


         3.       Overview of the Automotive Air-Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management
                  Market


                  According to the statistics from IHS (“IHS Inc.”), the cumulative production volume of compressors in
                  the global automotive industry in 2025 was approximately 89.19 million units, representing a year-on-
                  year growth of approximately 1.5%. Among which, the Greater China region recorded a total
                  production volume of approximately 30.95 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.6%.
                  In 2025, new energy vehicles continued their rapid growth, with global new energy vehicle production
                  reaching approximately 21.83 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of 20.4%. Among
                  which, the production volume of new energy vehicles in the Greater China market was approximately
                  15.57 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 21.3%.


                  The general direction of the automotive air-conditioner compressor and integrated thermal management
                  market continuing its transition towards new energy remains unchanged. However, the relaxation of EU
                  carbon dioxide emission standards and the US tariff policy have, to a certain extent, changed the cost
                  structure and competitive pattern of the global automotive industry. Policy changes in major overseas
                  markets have significantly increased the complexity and uncertainties of the market transition.


         4.       Overseas Home Appliance Market


                  In 2025, the global home appliance market faced challenges such as geopolitical risks and rising costs.
                  Demand weakened in the second half of the year, with divergence across different categories.
                  According to the data from the Industry Online, in 2025, export volumes of the refrigerator industry
                  increased by 4.8% year-on-year, with demand in European and American markets falling back, while
                  Africa and South America experienced rapid growth. Export volumes of the air-conditioner industry
                  decreased by 2.3% year-on-year, ending the growth of the past two years, with export volumes
                  declining consecutively in the second half of the year. Export sales volume of the washing machine
                  industry increased by 13.5% year-on-year.


                  Looking ahead to 2026, geopolitical risks such as US tariffs and local wars persist. Meanwhile, the
                  industry faces significant pressure due to high overseas channel inventory and raw material costs
                  remaining high. However, rising consumers’ preference for energy-efficient and smart home appliances
                  in mature markets, coupled with the continuous increase in the penetration rate in emerging markets
                  such as MEA, Latin America, and ASEAN, will bring new development opportunities for Chinese home
                  appliance enterprises expanding overseas.


III.     ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

         (I)      Major Accounting Data and Financial Indicators


                  Did the Company make retrospective adjustments to or restatements of the accounting data of prior
                  years?


                  □ Yes       ✓ No


28     Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                  Increase or decrease
                                                                                                      as compared to
          Item                                                       2025                 2024          last year (%)                  2023


          Operating revenue (RMB)                       87,928,485,899.72    92,745,611,109.52                  -5.19    85,600,189,224.06


          Net profits attributable to shareholders of
            listed company (RMB)                         3,186,573,917.88     3,347,881,773.89                  -4.82     2,837,322,754.58


          Net profits after deducting non-recurring
            profit and loss attributable to
            shareholders of listed company (RMB)         2,444,877,920.97     2,605,848,900.08                  -6.18     2,355,069,261.87


          Net cash flow from operating activities
            (RMB)                                        5,796,029,180.51     5,132,164,941.24                 12.94     10,611,857,591.35


          Basic earnings per Share (RMB/Share)                        2.33                 2.46                 -5.28                   2.08


          Diluted earnings per Share (RMB/Share)                      2.33                 2.46                 -5.28                   2.08


          Weighted average rate of return on net                                                     Decrease of 3.91
            assets (%)                                              19.36                23.27      percentage points                  22.64

                                                                                                  Increase or decrease
                                                                                                      as compared to
          Item                                          At the end of 2025   At the end of 2024         last year (%)    At the end of 2023


          Total assets (RMB)                            69,984,242,341.49    69,701,939,817.33                   0.41    65,946,495,555.67


          Net assets attributable to shareholders
            of listed company (RMB)                     17,469,005,538.20    15,455,626,606.63                 13.03     13,580,174,485.95

   (II)   Quarterly Major Financial Indicators


                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


          Item                                              First Quarter      Second Quarter         Third Quarter        Fourth Quarter


          Operating revenue                             24,838,267,923.53    24,502,077,058.32     22,192,347,533.40     16,395,793,384.47


          Net profits attributable to shareholders of
            listed company                               1,127,395,765.82       949,185,592.91        735,210,961.27        374,781,597.88


          Net profits after deducting non-recurring
            profit and loss attributable to
            shareholders of listed company               1,007,755,232.51       809,854,881.90        509,441,181.33        117,826,625.23


          Net cash flow from operating activities           65,075,820.08      5,256,913,007.70      1,659,170,200.42     -1,185,129,847.69




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     29
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (III)    NON-RECURRING PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS


                ✓ Applicable             □ Not Applicable


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB


                Item                                                         2025             2024              2023    Description


                Profits or losses from disposal of non-current
                  assets (including the part written off for
                  provision for impairment on assets)                27,776,445.49    -5,693,941.96     -3,666,652.72   –


                Government grants recognised in profit or loss
                  for the period (excluding those that are
                  closely related to the Company’s ordinary
                  operating activities, comply with national
                  policies, are granted in accordance with
                  prescribed standards, and have a continuous
                  impact on the Company’s profit or loss)           202,755,624.01   247,168,700.30   195,139,772.58    –


                Gains and losses arising from changes in the fair
                  value of financial assets and financial
                  liabilities held by non-financial enterprises,
                  and gains and losses arising from the disposal
                  of financial assets and financial liabilities,
                  excluding effective hedging transactions in
                  relation to the entity’s ordinary operating
                  activities                                        217,111,683.54   135,123,664.04   -239,068,307.45   –


                Profit and losses from assets which entrust
                  others to invest or manage                        371,034,766.84   361,802,134.90   298,844,795.34    –


                Gain or loss on debt restructuring                   16,408,247.83     9,564,354.65    25,739,211.33    –


                Other non-operating income and expenses other
                  than the aforementioned items                     114,830,847.59   179,094,875.47   371,016,020.58    –


                Other profit and loss items that satisfy the
                  definition of non-recurring profit and loss                                          72,041,335.03


                Less: Effect of income tax                          178,140,998.95   141,971,316.85   147,009,791.45    –


                        Effect of minority interests (after tax)     30,080,619.44    43,055,596.74    90,782,890.53    –


                Total                                               741,695,996.91   742,032,873.81   482,253,492.71    –




30   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


   (IV)   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS


          1.   Composition of Operating Revenue


                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB


                                                        2025                               2024                       Increase or
                                                                                                                      decrease as
                                                                                                                     compared to
                                                                Weighting to                       Weighting to    corresponding
                                                                   operating                          operating         period of
               Item                                  Amount     revenue (%)             Amount     revenue (%)      last year (%)


               Total of operating revenue   87,928,485,899.72                  92,745,611,109.52                              -5.19


               By industry
               Manufacturing industry       83,334,900,120.81          94.78   83,623,219,672.09          90.16               -0.34


               By product
               HVAC                         38,829,431,638.39          44.16   40,283,913,190.36          43.43               -3.61
               Refrigerators and washing
                 machines                   31,195,368,384.49          35.48   30,839,154,917.48          33.25               1.16
               Others                       13,310,100,097.93          15.14   12,500,151,564.25          13.48               6.48


               By region
               Domestic                     45,410,397,895.49          51.64   47,993,733,054.87          51.75               -5.38
               Overseas                     37,924,502,225.32          43.13   35,629,486,617.22          38.42               6.44


               By sales model
               Direct sales                 59,779,751,255.09          67.99   59,295,528,757.96          63.93               0.82
               Distribution                 23,555,148,865.72          26.79   24,327,690,914.13          26.23               -3.18




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      31
Management Discussion and Analysis


                2.        Description of Industries, Products or Regions Accounting for 10% or Above of the
                          Revenue or Profits from Operating Businesses of the Company


                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                Increase or     Increase or
                                                                                                                  decrease      decrease in         Increase or
                                                                                                           in revenue from    costs of major         decrease in
                                                                                                           major operating        operating         gross profit
                                                                                                              businesses as    businesses as          margin as
                                                                                                               compared to     compared to         compared to
                                                      Revenue from       Costs of major                      corresponding    corresponding       corresponding
                                                    major operating           operating    Gross profit period of last year   period of last period of last year
                          Item                            businesses          businesses   margin (%)                  (%)         year (%) (percentage point)


                          By industry
                          Manufacturing industry   83,334,900,120.81   65,004,272,623.81         22.00                -0.34             0.29               -0.49


                          By products
                          HVAC                     38,829,431,638.39   28,177,530,524.14         27.43                -3.61            -2.11               -1.12
                          Refrigerators and
                             washing machines      31,195,368,384.49   25,695,912,500.39         17.63                 1.16             1.07                0.07
                          Others                   13,310,100,097.93   11,130,829,599.28         16.37                 6.48             4.89                1.26


                          By region
                          Domestic                 45,410,397,895.49   31,855,663,602.43         29.85                -5.38            -4.18               -0.88
                          Overseas                 37,924,502,225.32   33,148,609,021.38         12.59                 6.44             4.98                1.21


                          By sales model
                          Direct sales             59,779,751,255.09   49,946,613,556.01         16.45                 0.82             0.73                0.07
                          Distribution             23,555,148,865.72   15,057,659,067.80         36.07                -3.18            -1.17               -1.30




32   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.   Whether the Company’s Product Sales Revenue Exceeds its Service Revenue


            ✓ Yes         □ No


                                                                                                                                         Increase or
                                                                                                                                         decrease as
                                                                                                                                        compared to
                                                                                                                                      corresponding
                                                                                                                                  period of last year
            Industry category            Item                   Unit                                     2025            2024                    (%)


                                         Sales volume           Ten thousand units                      5,568            5,449                  2.18


            Manufacturing industry       Production volume      Ten thousand units                      5,534            5,547                  -0.23


                                         Inventory volume       Ten thousand units                        492             526                   -6.46

       4.   Composition of Operating Costs


                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB10,000


                                                                       2025                                2024                          Increase or
                                                                                                                                         decrease as
                                                                                                                                        compared to
                                                                                     Weighting to                  Weighting to       corresponding
                                                                                        operating                     operating        period of last
            Industry category        Item                        Amount                 costs (%)       Amount        costs (%)            year (%)


                                     Raw materials           5,982,993.25                   92.04   5,924,304.40          91.40                 0.99


            Manufacturing industry   Direct expense           317,870.89                     4.89    358,457.60            5.53               -11.32


                                     Others                   199,563.12                     3.07    199,187.09            3.07                 0.19




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025          33
Management Discussion and Analysis


                5.        Expenses


                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB


                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                  decrease
                                                                                            as compared to
                                                                                            corresponding
                                                                                                 period of      Reason for the
                          Expense Item                            2025              2024     last year (%)      significant changes


                          Sales expense              8,662,021,521.27    9,001,915,472.95               -3.78   –


                          Management expense         2,403,555,384.28    2,499,492,962.69               -3.84   –


                          Finance expense              205,232,131.55      -36,902,664.41               N/A     Mainly due to the impact of foreign
                                                                                                                exchange gains and losses


                          R&D expense                3,440,773,728.91    3,446,746,374.31               -0.17   –

                6.        Investment in R&D


                          For details of the Company’s investment in R&D and product enhancement during the Reporting
                          Period, please refer to “CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS” in the “Management
                          Discussion and Analysis”.


                          Details of the Company’ s R&D personnel

                                                                                                                                          Change in
                          Item                                                                  2025                   2024           proportion (%)

                          Number of R&D staff                                                   3,323                 3,563                   -6.74%

                          Proportion of number of R&D staff (%)                                8.80%                  6.40%                    2.40%

                          Academic structure of R&D staff

                          Bachelor                                                              1,561                 1,772                  -11.91%

                          Master                                                                1,402                 1,384                    1.30%

                          Doctor                                                                  80                     80                    0.00%

                          Age composition of R&D staff

                          Under 30 years old                                                     855                    908                   -5.84%

                          30~40 years old                                                       1,388                 1,541                   -9.93%

                          Over 40 years old                                                     1,080                 1,114                   -3.05%



34   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


            Details of the Company’ s R&D investment


                                                                                                                       Change in
            Item                                                                 2025                 2024        proportion (%)


            Amount invested in R&D (RMB)                              3,442,046,105.99     3,446,746,374.31                   -0.14


            Proportion of R&D investment to operating revenue (%)                 3.91                 3.72                    0.19


            Amount capitalized for R&D investment (RMB)                   1,272,377.08                                         N/A


            Proportion of capitalized R&D investment to
              R&D investment (%)                                                  0.04                                         N/A

       7.   Cash Flow


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                     Increase or
                                                                                                                     decrease as
                                                                                                                compared to the
                                                                                                                  corresponding
                                                                                                                       period of
            Item                                                                 2025                 2024         last year (%)


            Cash inflows from operating activities                  84,977,429,177.78    81,425,983,334.68                    4.36


            Cash outflows from operating activities                 79,181,399,997.27    76,293,818,393.44                    3.78


            Net cash flows from operating activities                 5,796,029,180.51     5,132,164,941.24                   12.94


            Cash inflows from investing activities                  46,776,511,658.56    37,576,184,678.56                   24.48


            Cash outflows from investing activities                 50,330,657,556.56    38,195,621,766.67                   31.77


            Net cash flows from investing activities                -3,554,145,898.00      -619,437,088.11                     N/A


            Cash inflows from financing activities                   4,976,574,130.85     4,926,600,091.46                    1.01


            Cash outflows from financing activities                  6,991,614,679.80    10,047,920,217.55                   -30.42


            Net cash flows from financing activities                -2,015,040,548.95    -5,121,320,126.09                     N/A


            Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                 222,297,967.29       -685,871,793.99                     N/A




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      35
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Explanations on the main contributing factors for significant year-on-year changes of the
                          relevant figures:


                          ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable


                          The change in net cash flows from investing activities was mainly due to capital expenditure on
                          the construction of industrial parks in Thailand and Hunan Province, as well as changes in
                          wealth management products.


                          The change in net cash flows from financing activities was mainly due to dividends, share
                          buybacks and changes in bills margin deposits.


                          Explanation of reasons for material differences between net cash flows from operating activities
                          and net profit of the current year


                          □ Applicable               ✓ Not Applicable


       (V)      ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                1.        Significant Changes in Asset Items


                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB

                                                               At the end of 2025                              At the beginning of 2025
                                                                                Percentage                               Percentage        Change in
                                                                                    to total                                 to total     proportion   Explanation of
                          Item                                Amount             assets (%)             Amount            assets (%)            (%)    significant changes

                          Cash and cash equivalents 3,496,408,124.80                   5.00     4,397,693,443.73               6.31            -1.31            –

                          Accounts receivable         9,389,095,596.70                13.42    10,480,609,898.16              15.04            -1.62            –

                          Contract assets               67,667,431.89                  0.10       56,210,047.88                0.08             0.02            –

                          Inventories                 6,862,327,671.56                 9.81     7,566,932,954.39              10.86            -1.05            –

                          Investment property          217,213,536.17                  0.31      253,998,555.64                0.36            -0.05            –

                          Long-term equity
                            investments               2,005,216,196.64                 2.87     1,764,936,952.09               2.53             0.34            –

                          Fixed assets                7,160,327,070.21                10.23     5,648,643,079.56               8.10             2.13            –

                          Construction in progress     911,155,205.31                  1.30      674,456,905.57                0.97             0.33            –

                          Right of use assets          201,125,032.64                  0.29      163,180,643.61                0.23             0.06            –

                          Short-term borrowings       3,300,806,097.01                 4.72     2,708,715,351.46               3.89             0.83            –

                          Contract liabilities        1,618,788,301.63                 2.31     1,838,591,086.05               2.64            -0.33            –

                          Long-term borrowings          71,308,422.32                  0.10        49,371,196.64               0.07             0.03            –

                          Leasing liabilities          163,213,430.28                  0.23      161,471,272.87                0.23             0.00            –

36   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value


                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB


                                                                                                    Cumulative fair
                                                                                                      value change      Impairment             Purchase            Disposal
                                                                             Fair value gain/loss       recognized        provision           amount in           amount in
            Item                                         Opening balance          for the period          in equity   for the period          the period          the period       Other changes     Closing balance


            Financial assets


            1. Financial assets held for trading
                (excluding derivative financial assets) 16,162,709,563.22         204,705,674.44                                       42,666,688,980.01   39,905,079,997.36           19,485.95    19,129,043,706.26


            2. Derivative financial assets                  46,567,199.63          26,399,748.51                                                                                                       26,426,742.91


            3. Receivables financing                      6,000,519,893.99                                                                                                                           4,607,438,550.93


            4. Investments in other equity instruments      42,364,813.88                                 47,095.65                          649,353.19           50,080.13         -1,357,449.31      41,653,733.28


            5. Other non-current financial assets           21,332,417.54           1,961,859.03       3,086,553.10                                                                 -5,838,527.41      20,542,302.26


            Subtotal of financial assets                 22,273,493,888.26        233,067,281.98       3,133,648.75                    42,667,338,333.20   39,905,130,077.49        -7,176,490.77   23,825,105,035.64


            Investment property


            Productive biological assets


            Other items



            Total                                        22,273,493,888.26        233,067,281.98       3,133,648.75                    42,667,338,333.20   39,905,130,077.49        -7,176,490.77   23,825,105,035.64



            Financial liabilities                             3,552,841.18         -2,429,140.98                                                                                                         1,813,733.43




                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025               37
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (VI)     CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS


                1.        Corporate Culture


                          Corporate culture is the core of the Company’s firm confidence and stable navigation ability, the
                          driving force for countless Hisense employees to forge ahead and overcome challenges, and the
                          ultimate answer for the Company in the face of difficulties and chaos. Culture represents the
                          core principles that differentiate the Company and underpin its sustainable growth. Recognising
                          the irreplaceable value of culture, Hisense has taken significant steps to ensure its core values
                          are deeply embedded across the organisation.


                          In order to promote the in-depth understanding and realization of the core values of “honesty,
                          integrity, pragmatism, innovation, customer first and sustainable operation” by all employees,
                          Hisense formally released the Hisense Value Thinking Model in 2025 to attract, support and
                          help all cadres and employees to think out of the box in order to create and mobilize the mighty
                          power to achieve leapfrog development.


                          Integrity has always been the foundation of Hisense’s operations. The entire team at Hisense
                          remains unwavering in upholding the core values of honesty and integrity, fostering a corporate
                          culture characterised by transparency, pragmatism, and ethical conduct. In 2025, Hisense
                          introduced a cultural initiative to promote professional integrity, reinforcing a framework built
                          on principles such as honesty, compliance with laws and regulations, clear boundaries between
                          public and private interests, and a commitment to excellence and moral rectitude. This initiative
                          further strengthens the Company’s dedication to ethical standards and self-discipline.


                          Quality is at the heart of Hisense’s business philosophy. The Company views superior product
                          quality as essential for building consumer trust, driving repeat purchases, and establishing long-
                          term brand loyalty. By maintaining an unwavering commitment to excellence, Hisense continues
                          to strengthen its competitive position and deliver value to customers, ensuring sustainable
                          success in an ever-evolving market landscape.


                          Hisense has consistently demonstrated a commitment to innovation and excellence, positioning
                          itself as a leader in high-end transformation and sustainable development. By allocating 3% to
                          4% of its annual revenue to R&D, with over 30% directed towards pre-research, the Company
                          ensures a forward-looking approach that balances immediate market needs with future
                          technological advancements. This strategic R&D rhythm – encompassing pre-research, reserve,
                          and market launch phases – enables Hisense to stay ahead in exploring cutting-edge technologies
                          and expanding into emerging industries.


                          The Company’s customer-first philosophy is deeply embedded in its operations, with a clear
                          focus on delivering maximum value to users. Through the establishment of seven regional
                          operation centers globally, Hisense has transitioned from a centralized model to a decentralized,
                          multi-engine structure. This empowers local teams closest to their markets to make agile
                          decisions, ensuring tailored responses to diverse user demands across regions.




38   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


            In alignment with global ESG standards, Hisense continues to integrate sustainability into its
            core business strategy. By setting ambitious goals in areas such as governance, technological
            innovation, green manufacturing, value chain collaboration and community engagement, the
            Company not only enhances operational transparency but also builds long-term trust with
            stakeholders. These efforts underline Hisense’s dedication to fostering sustainable growth and
            ensuring its resilience in an ever-evolving global landscape.


       2.   Talent Development


            Hisense Home Appliances adheres to the core corporate spirit of “respecting people”, respects
            and safeguards the human rights and labor rights of every employee, and is committed to
            creating a diverse and inclusive workplace environment. Through a multi-level talent
            development system, it enhances employees’ career development capabilities and guides them to
            grow together with the Company.


            Diversified Talent Attraction: Hisense Home Appliances monitors talent demand dynamically in
            alignment with strategic and operational development goals, assessing the key talent gaps
            created by new market expansion, technological upgrades, or product line extensions. This
            ensures efficient coordination between strategy and talent. In recruitment, the Company adopts
            appropriate recruitment strategies based on the current human resource market conditions,
            utilizing a variety of channels such as campus recruitment, internal referrals, the “Freshwater
            Plan” and industry-academic integration to recruit professional talents. Additionally, the
            Company conducts an annual talent review to assess the distribution and capabilities of talent
            within the organization, identify high-potential individuals, and effectively allocate talent to
            support business success and operational goals.


            Employee Pay and Benefits: Hisense Home Appliances has built a comprehensive pay system,
            covering base salary, performance bonuses, special rewards, long-term incentives, and equity
            incentives. The Company conducts internal and external salary bench-marking analysis, setting
            compensation levels, structures, and compositions at different levels based on performance, with
            the aim of stimulating organizational vitality.


            Talent Development: To support employees’ training and development, the Company has
            established a three-level training system consisting of “Group-level, Company-level, and
            Department-level” training. At the group level, training focuses on developing high-potential
            managers, newly appointed managers, outstanding reserves, and capabilities required for major
            project breakthroughs. At the Company level, each business unit develops and implements
            annual training plans based on its specific business needs. At the department level, each
            department conducts supplementary training plans to address employees’ skill gaps.
            Additionally, the Company has a well-structured program for selecting and nurturing global
            reserve talents, providing overseas development opportunities.


            Occupational Health and Safety: Hisense Home Appliances adheres to the principle of “safety
            first, prevention as the primary focus, and comprehensive governance,” and follows the principle
            of risk prevention at the source. The Company integrates safety production into all aspects of its
            business operations, establishing and improving a dual prevention mechanism of risk-based
            control and hazard investigation and management. The Company ensures the implementation of
            safety responsibilities, management, investment, training, and emergency rescue.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   39
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Employee Feedback and Communication：Hisense Home Appliances is dedicated to cultivating
                          a constructive and harmonious workplace environment. By implementing a variety of
                          communication channels and platforms, the Company actively encourages employees to express
                          their views openly. Through attentive listening and addressing employee concerns, Hisense
                          Home Appliances aims to strengthen their sense of belonging and foster a more inclusive
                          corporate culture.


                3.        Technical Advantages


                          During the Reporting Period, the Company remained steadfast in its “technology-driven
                          enterprise” philosophy, continuously advancing energy-saving innovation under its “smart life”
                          core strategy with a focus on “intelligence, health, and energy efficiency.” Relying on the strong
                          support of more than 20 provincial-level and above scientific and technological innovation
                          platforms, including national-level enterprise technology centers, postdoctoral research
                          workstations and national-level industrial design centers, the Company’s technological R&D
                          strength has been continuously consolidated.


                          To accelerate the transformation of technological achievements and the enhancement of product
                          competitiveness, the Company deeply promoted the transformation of IPD process and
                          continuously strengthened the leading role of the Hisense Value Thinking Model in the R&D
                          system. This effectively improved R&D efficiency and responsiveness, leading to key
                          breakthroughs in multiple directions such as low-carbon energy-saving, comfort and quietness,
                          formaldehyde and odor removal, full-space freshness preservation, running water washing, and
                          next-generation ITMS. A comprehensive intelligent, low-carbon, and healthy technology system
                          has been established, leading the industry in technological innovation and product upgrades.


                          (1)    HVAC Business


                                 In terms of central air-conditioner: The Company continued to invest in the three
                                 major fields of “low-carbon energy saving, health and comfort, and AI,” constantly
                                 strengthening its technological innovation capabilities and enhancing overall
                                 competitiveness. The Company overcame technologies for reducing standby energy
                                 consumption of multi-connected machines and wind energy capture power supply.
                                 Through breakthroughs in closed-loop electromagnetic heating control for compressors,
                                 circuit time-sharing power supply, and natural wind utilization for outdoor fans, the
                                 standby power consumption of multi-connected machines was significantly reduced.
                                 These technologies have been appraised as reaching the international leading level
                                 through the appraisal of scientific and technological achievements by the China National
                                 Light Industry Council. The Company mastered key technologies for the quiet operation
                                 of slim duct machines, achieving multi-dimensional breakthroughs in air supply noise
                                 reduction and refrigerant flow noise reduction, which have been appraised as reaching
                                 the international leading level through the appraisal of scientific and technological
                                 achievements by the Chinese Association of Refrigeration (CAR). The Company made
                                 breakthroughs in rapid flexible regulation technology for large-capacity DC power
                                 distribution multi-connected machines, utilizing AI technology for collaborative research
                                 on software and hardware to achieve compatible AC/DC operation and rapid power
                                 response for large-capacity multi-connected machines, which have been appraised as
                                 reaching the international leading level through the appraisal of scientific and
                                 technological achievements by the China National Light Industry Council.


40   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


                 In terms of household air-conditioner: Anchoring on user needs, the Company achieved
                 precise 0.1℃ temperature control and comprehensive operational energy savings of 53.1%
                 in the direction of intelligent collaborative control over energy efficiency and comfort,
                 becoming the first in the industry to reach the 0-watt standby standard. The relevant
                 technologies were evaluated by the Chinese Association of Refrigeration and the China
                 National Light Industry Council as reaching internationally leading levels. In terms of
                 core technological advancements, the Company pioneered high-efficiency pressure-
                 controlled low-noise total heat fresh air technology based on rectifier topology, which
                 reduced system resistance by 13% and increased air volume by 17m³/h. The Company
                 developed China’s first Halbach array magnetic levitation external rotor motor technology
                 with a noise reduction – dynamic rpm compensation algorithm, boosting efficiency by up
                 to 15% across the entire speed range while reducing noise to 13.5 dB(A). The dual-phase
                 synergistic catalytic formaldehyde removal technology driven by fresh air uniform flow
                 traction improved formaldehyde removal efficiency by up to 41% compared to the
                 industry highest level, with a formaldehyde clean air delivery rate (CADR) of 53.28 m³/h.
                 The composite dual-split wide-area long-distance air supply and micro-channel refrigerant
                 heat dissipation technologies achieved a 75% increase in air supply angle and reliable
                 operation at an extreme high temperature of 68℃ without shut down. The Company
                 spearheaded the first industry standard for fresh air-conditioners in China, setting a new
                 benchmark for the sector and advancing healthy and comfortable living environments
                 while driving growth in the energy-saving and carbon-reduction industry.


           (2)   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


                 In terms of refrigerator: Anchoring on user needs, the Company focuses on continuous
                 innovation in core domains, leading the global refrigerator industry’s technological
                 benchmarks. Core technological achievements are remarkable, with multiple
                 breakthroughs gaining international authoritative recognition: the “Key Technologies and
                 Industrialization of Full-space Antibacterial and Odor-free Healthy Refrigerators（ 全空間
                 抗 菌 淨 味 健 康 冰 箱 關鍵技術及產業化）,” “Key Technologies and Industrialization of
                 Rapid and Clean Ice-making for Household Refrigerators（ 家用電冰箱極速潔淨制冰關
                 鍵 技 術 及 產 業 化）,” and “Key Technologies for Intelligent Diagnosis and Proactive
                 Maintenance of Refrigerators Based on Deep Temporal Analysis（ 基於深度時序分析的
                 冰 箱 智 能 診 斷 與 主 動 維 護 關 鍵 技 術 ）” h a v e b e e n a p p r a i s e d a s r e a c h i n g t h e
                 internationally leading level by a team of academicians from the China National Light
                 Industry Council. The Company continues to lead in the field of healthy freshness
                 preservation, with breakthrough R&D in multi-frequency pulsed light preservation,
                 ultrasonic intelligent humidity control, and Nine-effect-in-one Ion Technology,
                 pioneering and leading new global standards for healthy freshness-preserving
                 refrigerators. In terms of energy efficiency, the innovative compound throttling and split-
                 flow condensation technologies contribute to a 20% improvement in energy efficiency,
                 meeting Australia’s highest 9-star international standard. Ice-making technology leads
                 the world: the self-developed direct-cooling ice-making module achieved an industry-
                 leading rapid ice production speed of 4.3kg/24h, debuting in flagship Australian models;
                 the multi-scenario ice-making and water dispensing system successfully entered the
                 European market, helping the market share in Europe reach the top. Furthermore, the
                 globally launched first dual-axis hinge system enables a 45mm ultra-slim door to open at
                 a wide angle of 115º, which not only reshapes user experience but also takes the lead in
                 formulating industry standards and building solid patent barriers, demonstrating the
                 Company’s core technological leadership in the global refrigerator industry.

                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   41
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          In terms of washing machine: The Company has centered on user needs, focusing on
                          product form innovation and key core technology R&D. The newly launched “Cotton
                          Candy Family Drum” series of zoned washing and care products, leveraging an industry-
                          leading washing ratio of 1.33, Zeus heat pump low-temperature gentle drying, and fresh
                          air condensation drying technologies, has further consolidated its position in the
                          classified washing market. In terms of key technologies: three core technologies–
                          “Healthy, Energy-saving and High-efficiency Drying and Care Technology for Washer-
                          dryers,” “Water Quality Activation Washing and Care Technology for Washing
                          Machines,” and “Multi-field Coupling Energy-saving and Intelligent Sensing Technology
                          for Heat Pump Dryers”–have all been appraised as “internationally leading.” Healthy
                          washing and care technology achieved new breakthroughs, with a lint removal rate as
                          high as 92.9%, enabling deep cleaning of clothes and accurately addressing the pain
                          points of households with pets. Overseas market expansion has yielded remarkable
                          results, with product energy efficiency continuing to lead: the energy efficiency of drum
                          washing machines exceeded the European standard of A-65%; spray pre-mixing
                          technology enhanced washing and rinsing performance, meeting the Australian double
                          5-star energy efficiency standard. For drum heat pump washer-dryers, the Company
                          independently developed the heat pump drying system and algorithms, achieving Euro
                          A-10% for 8kg washing and drying and Australia 8-star drying energy efficiency, and
                          successfully entered the high-end Japanese market. The dryer became the first domestic
                          brand to receive the “BEST BUY” rating from the European magazine Which? , and the
                          American-style dryer passed UL certification, successfully expanding into the North
                          American market. In respect of green design: the Company collaborated with SGS and
                          TUV Rheinland to promote carbon footprint accounting and deepen product carbon
                          reduction design, with the replacement rate of environmentally friendly recycled
                          materials (PCR) for dryer components exceeding 30%.


                          In terms of kitchen appliances: The dishwasher focuses on user health, breaking
                          through traditional sterilization technologies to create zero-bacteria dishwashers. The
                          Company pioneered cold and hot air mixing duct condensation technology, solving the
                          industry challenge of residual water in sinks and achieving zero bacteria and unlimited-
                          duration storage. With an intelligent TFT large-screen appearance, it won the Red Dot
                          Award, iF Design Award, and IFA Award. The range hood U8 series can achieve 1,500Pa
                          static pressure for high-heat stir-frying and an airflow of 32 m³/min, reaching industry
                          benchmark levels; equipped with a 10.11-inch smart screen, it enables interconnection
                          and intercommunication among smart home appliances. The one-key stir-frying
                          technology for stoves achieves instant 5.7kW power, with forced-air combustion
                          technology improving energy efficiency by approximately 10%, and flat combustion
                          technology achieving 75% energy efficiency, reaching industry-leading levels.




42   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


            (3)    Automotive Air-Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management
                  System Business


                   The transformation into an integrated thermal management system provider for new
                   energy vehicles is accelerating, and prominent progress was made in core technologies in
                   2025. In thermal system advancements, it has completed the research on key technologies
                   for the next-generation ITMS highly integrated refrigerant integration unit (CRU)
                   platform. This breakthrough enables simultaneous refrigeration and ultra-low-temperature
                   heat pump heating while improving winter driving range degradation by 25%. The
                   solution addresses the demand for natural refrigerants and the safety and cost challenges
                   faced by thermal management systems for new energy vehicles under the “dual carbon”
                   goals and PFAS environmental regulation restrictions, thereby realizing environmental
                   and social value.


                   The fifth-generation electric compressor platform adopts a modular architecture as its
                   core, featuring co-designed scroll compression mechanisms, motors, and inverter
                   systems. The development of the family-based platform has been completed. Based on
                   the modular design, it realizes compatibility with multiple refrigerants such as R1234yf,
                   CO 2, and R290, achieving dual breakthroughs in “high energy efficiency and low noise.”
                   In terms of water heaters, products based on ultra-high-voltage resistance rod heating
                   have once again secured orders from international customers. Meanwhile, the next-
                   generation thick-film heating technology has achieved technological breakthroughs in
                   compact design, light weighting, and cost efficiency, with the preliminary development
                   of the platform completed. Air handling unit technology also advanced across multiple
                   dimensions. Significant progress was made in quietness, temperature control, and energy
                   efficiency control technologies. Breakthroughs were also achieved in the fields of dual-
                   mixing small air-conditioners and comprehensive air-conditioners combining double-
                   layer flow and zoned temperature control technologies, which have successively gained
                   customer recognition and achieved mass production for multiple domestic and foreign
                   customers.


       4.   Brand Matrix


            The Company’s products cover eight brands, i.e., “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”,
            “HITACHI”, “YORK”, “gorenje”, “ASKO” and “SANDEN”, with a good brand reputation and
            market basis. With the help of the product range covered by different brands and their product
            characteristics, the Company can meet the differentiated demands of various users.


            During the Reporting Period, Hisense’s brand equity and awareness continued to rise. According
            to Ipsos 2025 survey data, there was a 4% and 2 percentage points year-on-year increase in the
            Hisense Brand Equity Index (HBI) and total brand awareness, respectively. Among young
            adults, the HBI continued to rise by 7.4% year-on-year; in new first-tier cities, the HBI grew by
            7.4% year-on-year. In the BrandZ Top 50 Chinese Global Brand Builders annual list co-
            published by Google and Kantar, Hisense has maintained its position in the top 10 for nine
            consecutive years.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   43
Management Discussion and Analysis


                           Along with the continuous advancement of the Company’s internationalization strategy and
                           ongoing intensification of sports marketing efforts, the overseas popularity and influence of the
                           brand have been constantly improved. The Company has continuously sponsored top global
                           sports events such as Euro 2016, World Cup 2018, Euro 2020, World Cup 2022, Euro 2024, and
                           FIFA Club World Cup 2025, and has officially announced its role as a Global Official Sponsor
                           of the 2026 FIFA World Cup. The Company will continue to engage in top international sports
                           events to enhance its brand influence in the global market.


        (VII) MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND COMPANIES IN WHICH THE COMPANY HAS EQUITY
                 INTEREST


                 Major subsidiaries and participating companies affecting 10% or more of the Company’s net profit

                                                                                                                                                 Net profit
                                                                                                                                            attributable to
                                                                                                                 Operating    Operating    Shareholders of
                                                                                   Total assets   Net assets       revenue        profit     the Company
                 Name of         Company      Major              Registered         (RMB ten      (RMB ten       (RMB ten     (RMB ten           (RMB ten
                 company         type         business           capital            thousand)     thousand)      thousand)    thousand)          thousand)

                 Hisense Hitachi Subsidiary   Production and sale USD150 million   1,778,172.30   677,428.05   1,739,115.83   352,607.62        293,252.02
                                              of commercial
                                              air-conditioners

                 Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period


                 Details of the changes in the scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are
                 set out in note VII to the financial statements.


IV.     OUTLOOK

        (I)      THE COMPANY’S DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY


                 With the mission of “pursuing continuous, independent technological innovation centred on user needs,
                 leading advanced manufacturing centered on intelligence, and serving hundreds of millions of families
                 with high-quality products”, the Company abides by the values of “honesty and integrity, pragmatic
                 innovation, customer first and sustainable operation.” The Company creates high-quality products with
                 ingenuity and aims to become the most trustworthy brand in the world.


                 BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2026


                 The Company will adhere to its customer– and user-centred approach, and cultivate competitive
                 advantages for our brand and products. We will focus on user experience and product excellence to
                 develop leading comprehensive smart living solutions. In 2026, we will focus on core capacity building
                 and strategic implementation, accelerate globalization layout and digital transformation, strengthen
                 operational quality and risk control, and promote the Company’s sustainable and high-quality
                 development. We will expedite strategic transition from a “product-centric hardware manufacturer” to a
                 “user-centric smart living service partner”, and use AI to reshape growth engine.




44    Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


       The specific business highlights are as follows:


       1.     Deepening R&D Innovation to Lead Product Upgrades and Cost Competitiveness


              The Company will adhere to the “technology-driven enterprise” philosophy, strengthen user-
              centric product planning and the transformation of forward-looking technology research, and
              promote the upgrade of products from “smart devices” to “smart companions” to continuously
              enhance user experience and product competitiveness, and gradually transform products into AI
              companion devices capable of providing emotional connection and proactive services. We will
              fully implement the user-centric integrated product development (“IPD”) process, accelerate
              R&D digital transformation, deepen IPD iteration, and deeply explore the application potential
              of AI in the entire R&D process to improve R&D efficiency and responsiveness. Meanwhile, the
              Company will promote standardization reform across the entire value chain, particularly
              strengthening cost control capabilities in the R&D stage to build core competitiveness in cost
              leadership.


       2.     Driving Marketing Breakthroughs and Brand Upgrades to Achieve Synergistic Growth in
              Domestic and Overseas Sales


              The Company will accelerate the transformation of its business model from “selling products” to
              “managing user relationships” and adopt a service-oriented, sustained approach to user
              engagement. By delivering services, content and interactions covering the entire user journey
              and lifecycle, it seeks to establish, maintain and deepen user relationships, thereby upgrading its
              business model from one-off transactions to sustained value creation. In the domestic market,
              the Company will deeply cultivate channel upgrades and efficiency improvements, optimize the
              omni-channel layout of online and offline, promote the creation of benchmark stores, and
              improve the operational efficiency of individual stores. We will precisely gain insights into
              high-end user needs, improve the layout of high-end product lines, and deepen the promotion of
              IPMS to achieve precise reach of brand and product marketing, thereby enhancing the brand’s
              high-end image and market share in the mid-to-high-end segment. In terms of overseas market
              expansion, the Company will develop customized product lines for different regional market
              needs to enhance product adaptability and competitiveness overseas. Leveraging sports
              marketing resources, we will actively build six regional growth engines in Europe, North
              America, Central and South America, MEA, Asia-Pacific, and ASEAN to continuously enhance
              global brand influence. Concurrently, the Company will promote DTC model reform and
              accelerate the transformation of self-owned channels toward efficient retail to improve overall
              marketing efficiency.


       3.     Promoting Lean Procurement to Ensure Global Supply Chain Resilience and Efficiency


              Drive the transformation of procurement models centered on “quality, cost, and service,”
              reshape the supplier value management system, and enhance supply chain responsiveness and
              stability; implement refined management through supplier classification and grading, optimize
              procurement resource allocation, and deepen category management to reduce costs and increase
              efficiency. Upgrade informatization platforms and strengthen supplier source management and
              quality capacity building. Meanwhile, align domestic and overseas procurement certification
              standards, complete the dual-track backup layout of global resources for key categories,
              strengthen global procurement synergy, optimize global supply chain costs, and enhance overall
              efficiency and cost competitiveness.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   45
Management Discussion and Analysis


                4.        Strengthening Intelligent Manufacturing and Global Layout to Support End-to-end Cost
                          Optimization


                          Deepen the digital transformation of the manufacturing side to support the continuous
                          optimization of product lifecycle costs and help achieve category cost reduction targets.
                          Accelerate the construction of the Changsha Home Appliance Industrial Park, improve the
                          operational efficiency of the Monterrey Home Appliance Industrial Park in Mexico, and
                          accelerate the development of Thailand Home Appliance Industrial Park to expand global
                          capacity and strengthen efficient synergy across multiple global bases. Concurrently, actively
                          respond to the national “dual carbon” strategy, continue to promote green manufacturing
                          practices, strive to build industry “lighthouse factories,” and enhance sustainable development
                          capabilities.


                5.        Focusing on Operational Quality Improvement to Continuously Create Shareholder Value


                          Place shareholder value creation at the core, and continuously improve the Company’s overall
                          operating efficiency and investment return levels by enhancing operational efficiency,
                          optimizing resource allocation, and strengthening profitability.


                6.        Consolidating Organizational and Digital Guarantees to Stimulate Organizational Vitality


                          Deepen data governance and knowledge management, accelerate the improvement of core
                          business process-orientation and online rates, and empower efficient business development
                          through digitalization. Continuously optimize talent introduction and cultivation mechanisms,
                          stimulate organizational innovation vitality, optimize long-term incentive mechanisms, and
                          enhance team cohesion and combat effectiveness to provide a solid organizational guarantee for
                          strategic implementation.


       (II)     MAJOR RISKS TO FUTURE DEVELOPMENT


                1.        Macroeconomic Fluctuation Risk


                          There are increasing uncertainties in the global macroeconomy. If economic growth further
                          slows down or a regional recession occurs, it may lead to a decline in the willingness and ability
                          of residents to consume, which could, in turn, suppress the overall demand for durable consumer
                          goods such as home appliances. Concurrently, adjustments in domestic and overseas
                          macroeconomic policies or weak growth in consumer demand may also directly impact the
                          market sales of the Company’s main products.


                2.        Rising Cost Risk


                          Any significant fluctuation in the prices of the Company’s main raw materials (such as copper,
                          steel, plastic, aluminum, etc.) will directly impact the product cost structure. Any increase in the
                          costs of labor and labor costs, shipping costs, installation and maintenance services may result
                          in the overlapping of costs in multiple segments, which could put pressure on the profitability of
                          the Company.




46   Annual Report 2025
Management Discussion and Analysis


             3.     Exchange Rate Risk


                    Along with the continuous expansion of the Company’s overseas business scale and the
                    significant increase in the proportion of overseas revenue, if the exchange rate of RMB
                    fluctuates significantly, it may not only affect the price competitiveness and profitability of the
                    Company’s products in overseas markets, leading to a narrowing of the profit margin of the
                    overseas business, but also result in significant exchange losses and increase overall financial
                    costs.


             4.     Market Risk Due to Trade Protectionism and Trade Barriers


                    Some countries or regions may protect their own economic interests through means such as
                    increasing tariffs and imposing stricter technical barriers. These measures will drive up
                    compliance costs, make market access difficult, and weaken the price competitiveness and
                    channel penetration efficiency of enterprises in overseas markets.


EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD


The Group is not aware of any significant events that could have a material impact on our operating and financial
performance after the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   47
Corporate Governance Report


Sound corporate governance is the basic assurance to the long-term healthy and stable development of an enterprise,
whereas continued enhancement of the governance level is a necessary measure to maintain the healthy development
of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Shareholders’ general meeting, the Board and its specialized
committees performed their functions, coordinated with each other and maintained effective check and balance in
accordance with the laws, regulations and the relevant systems, which continuously enhanced the level of corporate
governance of the Company.


The Company has adopted the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1
to the Hong Kong Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) as its own code to govern its corporate
governance practices.


(I)       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE:

                                             Shareholders’
                                            General Meeting




                                                    Board




       Remuneration and
                             Nomination Committee           Strategy Committee   Audit Committee         ESG Committee
      Appraisal Committee



                                         Operational Management



(a)       The Shareholders’ General Meeting:


          As the highest authority of the Company, the Shareholders, at general meetings, exercise their functions and
          powers in accordance with the laws to make decisions on significant matters of the Company. The Company
          has established and maintained different communication channels with its Shareholders through publication of
          announcements on the websites of the Company, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
          Exchange, as well as by e-mail and telephone.


          All Shareholders and their proxies recorded on the date for registration of equity rights shall have the right to
          attend and speak at the Shareholders’ general meeting and exercise the voting power according to laws,
          regulations and the Articles of Association. Votes in the Shareholders’ general meeting shall be cast by open
          ballot. The voting results will be announced after the general meeting in the manner prescribed under Rule
          13.39(5) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




48      Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   In 2025, one annual general meeting (“AGM”) was held by the Company on 25 June 2025, two extraordinary
   general meetings (“EGMs”) were held by the Company on 10 March 2025 and 18 September 2025
   respectively.


   The attendance records of the Directors are set out in the following table:


                                                    Attendance of the general meetings of the Company by the Directors
                                                       Number of
                                                   meetings which
                                                         should be         Number of            Number of          Attendance
                                                      attended for         attendance           attendance             rate for
   Name                                                   the year          in person            by proxy              the year


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                               3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                             3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                3                   3                   0                   100%
   Ms. Fang Xue Yu Note 1                                        0                   0                   0                      –
   Mr. Yin Bi Tong        Note 2
                                                                 1                   1                   0                   100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                             3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                               3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                            3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                                3                   3                   0                   100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 3                                       2                   2                   0                   100%
   Mr. Zhu Dan   Note 4
                                                                 2                   2                   0                   100%

   Notes：


   1.       Ms. Fang Xue Yu has been an executive Director of the Company since 18 September 2025.


   2.       Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


   3.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong ceased to be an executive Director and the President of the Company since 30 July 2025.


   4.       Mr. Zhu Dan ceased to be an executive Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     49
Corporate Governance Report


       Rights of Shareholders


       Procedures for Shareholders in relation to requisition of the convening of Shareholders’ extraordinary
       general meeting or class meeting


       Shareholders who request the convening of a Shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting
       shall comply with the following procedures:


       (1)      Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Shares of the Company are entitled
                to make a request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting in writing to the
                Board. The Board shall, pursuant to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association,
                provide written feedback on whether it agrees or disagrees to convene the extraordinary general
                meeting or the class meeting within ten (10) days after receiving the request.


       (2)      If the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting, it shall issue a
                notice to convene the Shareholders’ general meeting or the class meeting within five (5) days of its
                decision, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only with the consent of
                the relevant Shareholder(s).


       (3)      If the Board decides against convening the extraordinary general meeting or the class meeting, or if it
                has failed to provide its feedback within ten (10) days after receiving the request, Shareholders
                individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the Shares of the Company are entitled to propose to
                convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the Audit Committee in writing.


       (4)      If the Audit Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or the class meeting, it
                shall issue a notice to convene Shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting within five (5) days of
                receipt of the request, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only with the
                consent of the relevant Shareholder(s). If the Audit Committee fails to issue a notice of Shareholders’
                general meeting or class meeting within the prescribed period, the Audit Committee shall be deemed
                not convening or chairing a Shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting. Shareholders individually
                or jointly holding more than 10% of the Shares of the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days may
                convene and chair such meetings on their own.


       Procedures by which enquiries may be made by Shareholders


       Shareholders requesting to inspect and reproduce relevant information of the Company shall comply with the
       provisions of the relevant laws and regulations. To ensure the limited and lawful use of relevant information
       of the Company, the following requirements should be implemented:


       (1)      Except for statutory reasons such as the proposal of convening of a general meeting, access to
                information is limited to lawful, proper, non-commercial purposes related to corporate governance and
                Shareholders’ rights. If a Shareholder’s request for information is clearly malicious for purposes such
                as manipulating stock prices, malicious acquisitions, filing lawsuits against other Shareholders,
                recruiting employees from competitors, promoting products or services, the Company has the right to
                reject the request.




50   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   (2)   To ensure that daily operations and management of the Company are not affected, the Company shall
         particularly provide Shareholders who have submitted applications with the regular annual reports for
         inspection within fifteen (15) days after the same are published. The interval between the time a
         Shareholder submits a written application and the date of information inspection should be no less than
         fifteen (15) days. If a Shareholder authorises another person to inspect the information, a valid
         certificate of identity, a power of attorney, and a notarial certificate shall be provided, stating the
         purpose and scope of the inspection.


   (3)   Shareholders should inspect and reproduce the information on-site at the office designated by the
         Company, and sign a confidentiality commitment for the inspected information. Among them, to
         prevent Shareholders from abusing their rights by repeatedly inspecting and reproducing the register of
         Shareholders, the Company shall only provide the register of Shareholders as at the equity registration
         date of the most recent general meeting.


   (4)   The costs for Shareholders to inspect and reproduce information shall be borne by the Shareholders
         themselves.


   (5)   Except for otherwise required by laws, administrative regulations, rules of stock exchanges, etc.,
         regarding the procedures and time limits for Shareholders to inspect and reproduce information.


   The Securities Department of the Company, whose contact details are set out below, is responsible for day-to-
   day communication with the Shareholders:


   The Securities Department, Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
   No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street,
   Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province,
   The People’s Republic of China
   Postal code: 528303
   E-mail address: hxjdzqb@hisense.com
   Telephone: (86-757) 2836 2866




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   51
Corporate Governance Report


       Shareholders have smooth channels to make enquiries and suggestions to the Company, and the Company also
       arranges designated personnel to respond to the relevant enquiries in a timely manner.


       For voting on each resolution at the Shareholders’ meeting, Shareholders are entitled to enquire about the
       content of the resolution and make recommendation in respect thereof. Speaking Shareholder should first
       introduce his/her identity as a Shareholder and his/her shareholdings etc., whereas the chairman of the meeting
       shall in person or appoint specific staff to respond to or give explanation for such enquiry or recommendation.


       Procedures for putting forward proposals at Shareholders’ meeting


       Any Shareholder(s) who hold(s), individually or jointly, 1% or more of the Company’s Shares shall be entitled
       to propose and submit in writing to the convener additional motions ten (10) days prior to the date of the
       Shareholders’ meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the general meeting and make an
       announcement of the contents of such extraordinary resolutions within two (2) days after receipt of the
       resolutions, and submit such extraordinary resolutions at the general meeting for consideration.


       As regard the procedures for proposing a person for election as a Director, please refer to the procedures
       available on the website of the Company at hxjd.hisense.cn.


       Changes in constitutional documents


       On 25 June 2025, the Shareholders approved the amendments to the Articles of Association at the AGM. The
       relevant amendments were made according to the Company Law, Guidelines on the Articles of Association of
       Listed Companies (《 上市公司章程指引》), the Management Measures for Independent Directors of Listed
       Companies (《 上市公司獨立董事管理辦法》), and the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
       For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement and circular dated 30 May 2025.


       The full text of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association can be found at the Hong Kong Stock
       Exchange’s website (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (hxjd.hisense.cn).




52   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


(b)   The Board


      The Nomination Committee has been established under the Board. The Nomination Committee will select and
      make suggestions on the candidates for the positions of Directors and the selection criteria and procedures and
      the same will be submitted to the Board for consideration and approval, and Directors will be elected at the
      Shareholders’ general meetings.


      As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised nine Directors, including five executive Directors,
      namely Ms. Gao Yu Ling(Chairperson), Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Ms. Fang Xue Yu and Mr. Dai
      Hui Zhong, three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr.
      Xu Guo Jun, and one employee representative Director, namely Mr. Yin Bi Tong. The changes in the
      composition of the Board during the Reporting Period were as follows:


      (i)     Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025;


      (ii)    Ms. Fang Xue Yu has been an executive Director of the Company since 18 September 2025;


      (iii)   Mr. Hu Jian Yong has ceased to be an executive Director and the President of the Company since 30
              July 2025; and


      (iv)    Mr. Zhu Dan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


      Members of the Board do not have any relationship in financial, business, family or other significant aspects
      among themselves.


      The Directors are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three years, which are renewable
      upon re-election and reappointment. Each of the independent non-executive Directors shall not be re-elected
      for more than six consecutive years.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   53
Corporate Governance Report


       Board Diversity Policy


       The Board has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having
       a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving sustainable and balanced
       development, the Company aims to achieve board diversity through consideration of a number of factors
       including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills
       regional and sectoral experience, ethnicity, knowledge and length of services, and the selection of director
       candidates will be based on a range of diversity aspects and the final decision will be based on merits of and
       contribution that candidate may bring to the Board. The board diversity policy of the Company has been well
       implemented as the Board currently comprises two female Directors, namely Ms. Gao Yu Ling and Ms. Fang
       Xue Yu.


       The Nomination Committee reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy
       annually and monitors progress towards the measurable targets adopted by the Board.


       Members of the Board have different backgrounds with extensive experience in various fields such as science
       and technology, corporate management and finance and accounting. The biographies and roles of the Directors
       are set out in the section headed “Profiles and Members of Senior Management” of this annual report.


       The main duties of the Board are as follows: to convene the Shareholders’ meetings and report its work to the
       Shareholders, and to exercise its decision-making powers such as the Company’s development strategy,
       investment and financing plans, disposal of major assets, and major transactions in accordance with the
       authorization of the Shareholders’ meetings. The Board is responsible for formulating the Company’s overall
       strategy and annual business plan, and for ensuring that production and operation are properly planned,
       authorized, carried out and monitored. It is also responsible for appointing senior management and supervising
       and evaluating their work.


       The Board is also responsible for overseeing the preparation of the accounts for each fiscal period to ensure
       that such accounts truly and fairly reflect the Company’s business operation, results and cash flow
       performance during that period. The senior management of the Company provides sufficient explanation and
       information to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial information and other
       information submitted to it for approval. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, the
       Directors:


       –        selected appropriate accounting policies;


       –        approved the adoption of all applicable standards as set out in the China Accounting Standards for
                Business Enterprises; and


       –        made prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates, and prepared the accounts on a going concern
                basis.




54   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   The president of the Company is responsible for implementing the decisions made by the Board and making its
   own decisions on matters relating to the Company’s business operation within the scope of authority delegated
   by the Board, which include: overseeing the management of the Company’s production and operation,
   organising and implementing the Company’s annual operation and investment plans and preparing the proposal
   for the establishment of the Company’s internal control structure. Meanwhile, as requested by the Board, the
   Operational Management reports to the Board the conclusion and performance of the Company’s major
   contracts, the use of capital and the Company’s profit and loss conditions and ensures that such information is
   true and complete.


   The Company has formulated the relevant systems in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the
   relevant laws and regulations to remind the Directors of their obligations, including making disclosures to the
   regulatory authorities in a timely manner of their interests, potential conflicts of interests and changes in their
   personal information. Each Director also undertakes that he or she is able to devote sufficient efforts and time
   to the Company’s affairs. The Board assesses and evaluates the performance of the Directors in carrying out
   their duties according to their attendance rate in the Board meetings and Shareholders’ general meetings as
   well as the opinions and suggestions put forward by them in the day-to-day work. The Company will conduct
   a formal Board assessment at least once in the next two years and plans to conduct it on a regular basis every
   two years.


   In 2025, the Board held nine (9) meetings to discuss the Company’s important operating matters. The
   Directors attended the meetings in person, and their attendance records are set out in the following table:


                                                      Attendance of the meetings of the Board in 2025 by the Directors
                                                       Number of
                                                   meetings which
                                                         should be         Number of            Number of          Attendance
                                                      attended for         attendance           attendance             rate for
   Name                                                   the year          in person            by proxy              the year


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                               9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                             9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                9                   9                   0                   100%
   Ms. Fang Xue Yu Note 1                                        2                   2                   0                   100%
   Mr. Yin Bi Tong Note 2                                        4                   4                   0                   100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                             9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                               9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                            9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                                9                   9                   0                   100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 3                                       5                   5                   0                   100%
   Mr. Zhu Dan   Note 4
                                                                 5                   5                   0                   100%

   Notes:


   1.       Ms. Fang Xue Yu has been an executive Director of the Company since 18 September 2025.


   2.       Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


   3.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong ceased to be an executive Director and the President of the Company since 30 July 2025.


   4.       Mr. Zhu Dan ceased to be an executive Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.

                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     55
Corporate Governance Report


       As stipulated in the Articles of Association, all Directors should be given forteen (14) days’ notice prior to the
       commencement of a regular Board meeting. For an extraordinary Board meeting, three (3) days’ notice should
       be given in advance. Arrangements are also in place to ensure that all Directors are given an opportunity to
       include matters in the agenda for Board meetings. The secretary to the Board is responsible for providing
       detailed information of a regular Board meeting (including information in relation to the meeting of each of
       the specialised committees of the Board) not later than three (3) days prior to the commencement of the
       meeting to ensure all Directors are apprised of the matters to be considered in the meeting in advance. As for
       extraordinary Board meetings which are held by means of telecommunication at the request of the Company’s
       management, information relevant to the meeting would be provided simultaneously to all Directors via email,
       telephone or personal service and sufficient time would be given to the Directors to consider the matters. At
       the same time, the secretary to the Board would respond to any questions raised by the Directors and take
       appropriate action in a timely manner to assist the Directors to ensure that the procedures of the meetings of
       the Board are in compliance with the applicable regulations, such as the Company Law of the PRC, the
       Articles of Association, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on
       Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “Shenzhen Listing Rules”). The Company has made available sufficient
       resources to enable Directors to discharge their duties and responsibilities, including budget for consulting
       fees in seeking independent professional advice. Minutes of each Board meeting and each meeting of the
       committees of the Board will be kept for a term of ten (10) years for record, during which the minutes are
       available for Directors’ inspection at any time upon their request.


       The Board is responsible for corporate governance, supervision of the management in establishment of a
       compliant organisation structure and system, compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and other laws
       and regulations in the ordinary course of management and other functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 in
       the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Board and the specialised committees have
       reviewed the compliance of the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, the training and
       continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and the Company’s internal
       control and risk management systems.


       Independent Non-executive Directors


       The Company ensures that the Board can obtain independent views and opinions through the mechanisms (the
       “Mechanisms”): (1) the Board comprises three (3) independent non-executive Directors, accounting for not
       less than one-third of the total number of Directors. The independent non-executive Directors appointed by the
       Company have complied with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2), Rule 3.10A and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing
       Rules and all of them are independent of and are not connected with the Company and any of the connected
       persons (Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company. The Company has received a confirmation of
       independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors; (2) the chairperson holds at least one
       meeting annually with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive
       Directors; and (3) the Board has also taken into account the respective contributions of the independent non-
       executive Directors to the Board and their commitments. In 2025, all the independent non-executive Directors
       do not hold any cross-directorships or have any signficant links with other Directors through involvement in
       other companies that could give rise to conflicts of interest in their roles as independent non-executive
       Directors.




56   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   In compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the requirements of the Working System of Independent
   Non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company attended the meetings of
   the Board and the specialised committees in a meticulous, responsible, enthusiastic and conscientious manner
   and brought their professionalism and expertise to a full play in the independent performance of their duties,
   and continued to contribute professional advice and independent judgment for significant issues under
   discussion for decision making.


   The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism on an annual basis to ensure its
   continued efficacy in safeguarding corporate governance.


   Specialised Committees of the Board


   The Board has established five specialised committees namely the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the
   Nomination Committee, the Strategic Committee, the Audit Committee and the ESG Committee. Each
   committee has devised its own working rules to define its terms of reference and the procedures of
   performance, which have been approved by the Board.


   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee


   The Board has established the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with specific written terms of
   reference. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consisted of two (2)
   executive Directors, namely Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao and three (3) independent non-executive
   Directors, namely, Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Li Zhi Gang acts as the
   chairman of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:


   I.     to establish evaluation criteria for the Directors and senior executives, conduct assessments, formulate
          and review remuneration policies and schemes for Directors and senior executives, and make
          recommendations to the Board in the following matters:


          1.     remuneration of Directors and senior management;


          2.     formulation or change of the share incentive scheme, employee stock ownership plan, granting
                 of rights and interests to scheme participants, and fulfilment of the conditions for exercising the
                 rights and interests;


          3.     arrangement of shareholding plans by Directors and senior management in the subsidiaries to be
                 spun off;


          4.     other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, the securities regulatory rules of the place(s) where
                 the Company’s Shares are listed and requirements of the Articles of Association.

   II.    to have the power to reject remuneration plans or programmes that are detrimental to the interests of
          the Company and its Shareholders.


   III.   to consult the Chairman and/or chief executive about the remuneration proposals for other executive
          Directors. The remuneration plan recommended by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall
          only be implemented after it has been reported to the Board for approval and considered and approved
          by the Shareholders at the general meeting. The remuneration proposal for the senior management of
          the Company shall be reported to the Board for approval.


                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   57
Corporate Governance Report


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee may seek professional advice when necessary. No Director or any
       member of the senior management shall be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration. The main
       purpose of the remuneration policies formulated by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is to attract
       and retain Directors and senior management who faithfully and diligently discharge their duties, and who help
       the Company in its successful operation and the remuneration policies are therefore important to the Company.
       Details of the remuneration policies of the Company are set out in the paragraph headed “Employees’ Training
       and Remuneration Policy – Remuneration Policies” of this annual report.


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period. The attendance
       record of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is set out below:


                                                             Attendance of the meeting of the Remuneration and
                                                              Appraisal Committee by the committee members
                                                        Number of
                                                           meeting
                                                      which should        Number of         Number of        Attendance
                                                       be attended        attendance        attendance           rate for
       Name                                            for the year        in person          by proxy           the year


       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                           3                 3                 0             100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                         3                 3                 0             100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                            3                 3                 0             100%
       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                        3                 3                 0             100%
       Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                            3                 3                 0             100%

       During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered and approved:


       1.       Resolution on the annual remuneration policy of the senior management of the Company;


       2.       Resolution on the annual remuneration of the Chairman and senior management of the Company for the
                annual results of 2024;


       3.       Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the senior management of the Company;


       4.       Resolution on the expiration of the second lock-up period for the initial and reserved portions of the
                2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (see details under the paragraph “Report of the
                Directors-Directors’s Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures of the Company”), and the first lock-up
                period for the remaining reserved portion, and the fulfillment of unlocking conditions;




58   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   5.    Resolution on the fulfillment of unlocking conditions for the second unlocking period of the 2022
         Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (see details under the paragraph “Report of the Directors-
         Directors’s Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures of the Company”);


   6.    Resolution on the expiration of the first lock-up period and the fulfillment of the unlock conditions of
         the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan;


   7.    Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the chairman of the Company;


   8.    Resolution on the compensation of Ms. Fang Xue Yu, the executive Director of the Company;


   9.    Resolution on the compensation of Ms. Gao Yu Ling, the president of the Company.


   Members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee confirmed that the remuneration of the Directors and
   senior management during the Reporting Period is in line with the remuneration appraisal system set up by the
   Company and the remuneration policies have been strictly implemented. Details of the remuneration of the
   Directors and the senior management of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the
   headed “Reports of Directors – PARTICULARS OF THE REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
   MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD” of this annual report.


   Nomination Committee


   The Board has established the Nomination Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
   Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised two executive Directors, namely, Ms. Gao Yu Ling
   and Mr. Jia Shao Qian and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi
   Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing acts as the chairman of the Nomination Committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Nomination Committee are:


   I.    to formulate criteria and procedures for the selection of Directors and senior management, to select and
         review the candidates of Directors and senior management and their qualifications for appointment, and
         to make recommendations to the Board on the following matters:


         1.     nominate, appoint, or remove Directors and promote diversity on the Board during the selection
                process, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
                professional experience, skills, regional and industry experience, race, knowledge, tenure, and
                any other factors the Board may from time to time deem relevant and appropriate to achieve
                diversity among Board members;


         2.     appointment or dismissal of senior management;


         3.     other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, securities regulatory rules of the place where the
                Company’s Shares are listed and the Articles of Association.


         The Nomination Committee shall review the qualifications of the nominated independent non-executive
         Director candidates for appointment and form a clear opinion on the review.


         If the Board does not adopt or only partially adopts the recommendations of the Nomination
         Committee, it shall record the Nomination Committee’s opinions and reasons for not adoption the
         recommendations in the Board’s resolution and disclose such information.

                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   59
Corporate Governance Report


       II.      to shall be accountable to the Board and proposals of the Nomination Committee shall be submitted to
                the Board for its decision. Unless with sufficient reason or reliable evidence, the controlling
                Shareholders shall give full respect to the recommendations made by the Nomination Committee;
                otherwise, no individual shall be nominated by the controlling Shareholders as substituting candidate
                for Director or senior management.


       III.     to annually review the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy, and monitor
                progress towards achieving the measurable objectives adopted by the Board.


       During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised five Directors, including three
       independent non-executive Directors, and the members of the Nomination Committee are nominated by the
       chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of
       Directors, and are elected by the Board. The Nomination Committee shall have one chairman (convener) who
       should be an independent non-executive Director responsible for presiding over the work of the Nomination
       Committee . The convener shall be elected among the committee members and shall be reported to the Board
       for approval. The term of office of each member of the Nomination Committee is consistent with the term he
       or she serves in the Board. During the term of office, if any member of the Nomination Committee ceases to
       be a Director, he or she shall be disqualified as a member of the Nomination Committee accordingly, and the
       vacancy should be filled by the person elected by the Board in accordance with the requirements. The human
       resources department of the Company will assist the Nomination Committee in carrying out its daily work
       such as selection and nomination of suitable candidates.


       The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance record of the
       members of the Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                         Attendance of the meetings of the Nomination Committee
                                                                       by the committee members
                                                       Number of
                                                          meeting
                                                     which should       Number of         Number of        Attendance
                                                      be attended       attendance        attendance          rate for
       Name                                           for the year       in person           by proxy         the year


       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                         2              2                  0             100%
       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                            2              2                  0             100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                          2              2                  0             100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                            2              2                  0             100%
       Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                             2              2                  0             100%




60   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee considered and approved:


   1.     Resolution on the adjustment of members of the Nomination Committee;


   2.     Resolution on the appointment of a securities affairs representative;


   3.     Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Fang Xue Yu as a candidate for executive Director of the twelfth
          session of the Board; and


   4.     Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Gao Yu Ling as a candidate for President of the Company.


   The Nomination Committee conducts extensive searches for candidates of Directors or senior management in
   the Company, enterprises under its control (investee companies), and in the employment market, after
   considering the Company’s requirements for new Directors or senior management. With the consent to
   nomination from the candidates, the Nomination Committee will convene the Nomination Committee meeting
   in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, the Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference for
   Nomination Committee taking into account the Company’s actual situation, examine the qualifications of the
   initial nominees according to the requirements for the position of Directors or senior management and form a
   resolution which would be recorded and submitted to the Board for its consideration. In respect of nomination
   for the positions of directors, the Nomination Committee shall provide the Board with its recommendations
   and relevant materials of the candidates for directorship two months before the nomination. In respect of
   nomination of senior management, the Nomination Committee shall provide the Board with its
   recommendation and relevant materials of the candidates for senior management one month before the
   nomination. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee strictly implemented the nomination
   procedures and recommendation criteria in accordance with the nomination policy enacted.


   Strategic Committee


   The Board has established the Strategic Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
   Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee of the twelfth session of the Board comprised the executive
   Directors, namely, Ms. Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Ms. Fang Xue Yu and Mr. Yin Bi
   Tong. Ms. Gao Yu Ling acts as the chairperson of the committee.


   The Strategic Committee is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily responsible for
   studying and making recommendations on the long-term development strategies and the decision-making on
   significant investments of the Company.


   During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee comprised members who were nominated by the
   chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of
   all the Directors and are elected by the Board. The Strategic Committee shall have one chairman (convener),
   who shall be the Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the Strategic Committee shall
   be consistent with his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the Strategic Committee can be re-
   elected upon his or her retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the Strategic Committee ceases
   to be a Director, he or she shall be disqualified as a member of the Strategic Committee accordingly, and the
   vacancy should be filled by the person elected by the Strategic Committee in accordance with the
   requirements.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   61
Corporate Governance Report


       The Strategic Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period and the attendance record of the
       members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:


                                                                          Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                                   Strategic Committee by the committee members
                                                           Number of
                                                              meeting
                                                         which should          Number of          Number of          Attendance
                                                           be attended         attendance         attendance             rate for
       Name                                               for the year          in person           by proxy            the year


       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                               1                   1                  0              100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                             1                   1                  0              100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                1                   1                  0              100%
       Mr. Yin Bi Tong Note 1                                        1                   1                  0              100%
       Ms. Fang Xue Yu Note 2                                        0                   0                  0                  –
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 3                                       0                   0                  0                  –
       Mr. Zhu Dan Note 4                                            0                   0                  0                  –

      Notes:


       1.       Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


       2.       Ms. Fang Xue Yu has been an executive Director of the Company since 18 September 2025.


       2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has ceased to be an executive Director and the President of the Company since 30 July 2025.


       3.       Mr. Zhu Dan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


       During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee considered and approved the resolution on the election
       of Mr. Yin Bi Tong as a member of the Strategic Committee of the twelfth session of the Board.


       Audit Committee


       The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the Company’s internal control and risk management systems. To
       achieve the best corporate governance practices, the Company has set up the Audit Committee to review the
       efficiency of the relevant systems. The Audit Committee is a specialised working organisation under the Board
       with specific written terms of reference, and is responsible for the communication, supervision and inspection
       of the internal and external audit work of the Company. The Audit Committee reports to the Board and its
       proposals shall be submitted to the Board for approval.




62   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   The major duties and authority of the Audit Committee are:


   I.    The Audit Committee shall be responsible for reviewing the financial information of the Company and
         its disclosure, supervising and evaluating the internal and external audit work and internal control. The
         following matters shall be submitted to the Board for deliberation only after obtaining the consent of
         more than half of all members of the Audit Committee:


         (1)    disclosure of financial information in financial accounting reports and regular reports and
                evaluation report on internal control;


         (2)    appointment or termination of the accounting firms engaged in auditing matters of the Company;


         (3)    appointment or dismissal of the Company’s chief financial officer;


         (4)    changes in accounting policies and accounting estimates or correction of significant accounting
                errors due to reasons other than changes in accounting standards;


         (5)    other matters as prescribed by laws and regulations, relevant provisions of the China Securities
                Regulatory Commission and the Articles of Association.


   II.   The audit department of the Company is the office for day-to-day work of the Audit Committee and
         carries out the daily work of audit, inspection and supervision for internal control according to the
         decisions made or authorization given by the Audit Committee. The audit department is accountable to
         the Audit Committee and reports to the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee shall perform the
         following major duties in supervising and evaluating the work of the Audit Department:


         (1)    to guide and supervise the establishment and implementation of the internal audit system;


         (2)    to review the Company’s annual internal audit work plan;


         (3)    to urge the implementation of the Company’s internal audit plan;


         (4)    to guide the effective operation of the internal audit department. The Company’s audit
                department shall report its work to the Audit Committee. All types of audit reports submitted by
                the audit department to the management, rectification plans and rectification status for audit
                issues, shall be reported to the Audit Committee simultaneously;


         (5)    to report to the Board on the progress, quality and major issues identified in the internal audit
                work;


         (6)    to coordinate the relationship between the audit department and external audit entities such as
                accounting firms and national audit institutions.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   63
Corporate Governance Report


       The Board has established the Audit Committee with specific written terms of reference. All members of the
       Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee
       consisted of Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Xu Guo Jun acts as the chairman
       of the Audit Committee.


       The Audit Committee held five meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance record of the
       members of the Audit Committee is set out below. All matters considered and approved at such meetings were
       recorded in accordance with the relevant requirements and filed for record after being reviewed and signed by
       all members of the Audit Committee.


                                                                      Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                                Audit Committee by the committee members
                                                        Number of
                                                           meeting
                                                      which should        Number of         Number of        Attendance
                                                       be attended        attendance        attendance          rate for
       Name                                            for the year        in person          by proxy          the year


       Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                            5                 5                  0            100%
       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                        5                 5                  0            100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                           5                 5                  0            100%

       In 2025, the Audit Committee accomplished the following major tasks:


       1.       reviewed the annual, interim and quarterly financial results and reports of the Company;


       2.       considered and approved the report on internal control for the year of 2024 and the final report for the
                audit work conducted by the audit firm for the year of 2024;


       3.       considered and approved the resolution on the re-appointment of ShineWing Certified Public
                Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2025;


       4.       reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and


       5.       made suggestions regarding significant matters of the Company and reminded the management of the
                relevant risks.




64   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   ESG Committee


   The Board has established the ESG Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the Reporting
   Period, the ESG Committee of the twelfth session of the Board comprised the executive Directors, namely Ms.
   Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong and Mr. Yin Bi Tong. Ms. Gao Yu Ling
   acted as the chairperson of the ESG Committee.


   The ESG Committee is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily responsible for studying
   and making recommendations on the environmental, social and corporate governance work of the Group.


   During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee comprised members who are nominated by the chairman of
   the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of all the
   Directors and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who shall be the
   Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the ESG Committee shall be consistent with his
   or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon his or her
   retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she shall
   be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
   elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.


   The ESG Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period and the attendance record of the members
   of the ESG Committee is set out below:


                                                                      Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                                 ESG Committee by the committee members
                                                       Number of
                                                          meeting
                                                     which should          Number of          Number of           Attendance
                                                       be attended         attendance         attendance              rate for
   Name                                               for the year          in person           by proxy              the year


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                               2                   2                  0                   100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                             2                   2                  0                   100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                2                   2                  0                   100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                             2                   2                  0               100%
   Mr. Yin Bi Tong Note 1                                        1                   1                  0               100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 2                                       1                   1                  0               100%

   Notes:


   1.       Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.


   2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has ceased to be an executive Director and the President of the Company since 30 July 2025.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     65
Corporate Governance Report


         During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee considered and approved:


         1.       2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report; and


         2.       Resolution on the election of Mr. Yin Bi Tong as a member of the ESG Committee of the twelfth
                  session of the Board.


(II)     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

         To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has
         complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules.


         Directors’ Training


         In order to enhance the level of corporate governance of the Directors, the Board secretary continuously
         follows the latest regulatory requirements set out by the securities regulatory institutions, and delivers such
         requirements and information to the Directors in a timely manner. At the same time, the Company has also
         arranged training programs for the relevant Directors, which includes specific training sessions held by the
         Shenzhen Stock Exchange and China Securities Regulatory Commission Guangdong Bureau, to assist the
         Directors in participating in continuous professional development.


         The Board secretary maintains records of training attended by the Directors. The training attended by each
         Director during the Reporting Period is tabulated as follows:


         Name                                                                                                  Types of training
                                                                                                                           (Note)


         Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                                                                                       a, b
         Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                                                                                     a, b
         Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                                                                        a, b
         Ms. Fang Xue Yu                                                                                                       a, b
         Mr. Yin Bi Tong                                                                                                       a, b
         Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                                                                                     a, b
         Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                                                                                       a, b
         Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                                                                                    a, b
         Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                                                                                        a, b

        Notes:


         a.       attending training or seminar relevant to the Company’s industry, director’s duties, and/or corporate governance,
                  and


         b.       reading information relevant to the Company’s industry, director’s duties and/or corporate governance; or read
                  regular updates issued by the Company.


         Mr. Yin Bi Tong and Ms. Fang Xue Yu have obtained the legal opinion stated in Rule 3.09D of the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules and completed the new director training on 28 July 2025 and 15 September 2025,
         respectively. Each of them has confirmed that they understand their responsibilities as a Director of the
         Company.



66     Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


   Chairman and President


   The chairman of the Board and the president of the Company are appointed by the Board. The persons who
   were appointed as the chairman and the president of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the
   date of this report are as follows:


   Position                   Chairperson                 Former President             President


   Name                       Ms. Gao Yu Ling             Mr. Hu Jian Yong             Ms. Gao Yu Ling


   Term of office             21 November 2024 to         28 February 2023 to 30       30 July 2025 to present
                                present                     July 2025

   The chairman of the Company shall be responsible for presiding over the general meetings, convening and
   presiding over the Board meetings, ensuring that the Board is in effective proper operation to review and
   discuss all the significant issues in a timely and effective manner, reviewing the implementation of the Board’s
   resolutions as well as discharging his duties as the legal representative of the Company. The president of the
   Company shall be in charge of the management of the production and operation of the Company, and is
   responsible for organising the implementation of the Board’s resolutions and the Company’s annual
   operational and investment plans and making decisions on other issues within the scope of the delegation by
   the Board. During the Reporting Period, the chairman of the Company held at least one meeting with the
   independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the executive Directors.


   Since 30 July 2025, Mr. Hu Jian Yong ceased to serve as the president of the Company and the position of the
   president is now held by Ms. Gao Yu Ling.


   Internal Control and Risk Management


   During the Reporting Period, pursuant to the provisions and requirements of the Basic Norms for Enterprise
   Internal Control and its ancillary guidelines, with the objectives of enhancing the level of corporate operation
   and management and risk prevention ability, as well as reasonably ensuring the compliance of the Company’s
   operation with laws and regulations, the safety of assets, the truthfulness and completeness of the financial
   reports and relevant information, optimising the efficiency and efficacy of operation and promoting the
   implementation of strategies for sustainable development by the Company, and taking into account the
   Company’s internal control and risk management systems and assessment method and on the basis of daily
   supervision and specific supervision of internal control and risk management, the Company has determined the
   scope of assessment in internal control and risk management that puts emphasis on the areas of organisational
   structure, development strategies, human resources, social responsibility, corporate culture, funding activities,
   procurement business, asset management, sales business, R&D, engineering project, outsourcing of business,
   financial reporting, comprehensive budgeting, contract management, internal information transmission and
   information system, and other compliance and risk management matters and has carried out assessment on the
   effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk management systems in 2024. Conclusions were
   drawn in respect of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management systems: during the
   Reporting Period, the Company has established internal control and risk management mechanisms for all
   businesses and matters included in the scope of assessment, and the internal control and risk management
   systems have been effectively executed to achieve the objectives of the Company’s internal control and risk
   management systems without significant defect.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   67
Corporate Governance Report


       During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department of the Group has assessed the effectiveness of the
       risk management and internal control systems of the Group and the assessment result was positive.


       The Board has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
       systems of the Company during the Reporting Period. During the course of the review, the Board considered
       that the Company had established an appropriate internal control and risk management systems for the
       Company based on the actual situation and was not aware of any significant defect in the internal control and
       risk management systems of the Company. In addition, the Company has engaged ShineWing Certified Public
       Accountants LLP to perform independent audit on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk
       management systems and an audit report has been issued. The auditor is of the view that as at 31 December
       2025, the Company has maintained effective internal control and risk management systems related to financial
       reporting in accordance with the “Basic Norms for Enterprise Internal Control” and the relevant requirements
       in all material respects.


       As at the date of this annual report, members of the twelfth session of the Board considered that there is no
       major uncertain event or circumstance which may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a
       going concern.


       The Board is responsible for the internal control and risk management systems of the Group, including
       reviewing their effectiveness annually. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
       failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against
       material misstatement or loss.


       The Group’s internal control and risk management systems have been developed by the Board with the
       following features and processes:


       1.       the management, with the assistance of the Group’s front-line personnel, identifies risks (including
                ESG risks) that may affect the Group’s business and operations;


       2.       the management assesses the risks identified by considering their impacts on the business and the
                likelihood of occurrence of the adverse events associated with the risks (including ESG risks), and the
                Group’s ability to respond to the risk identified and its impact on its business and the external
                environment;


       3.       the management prioritises the risks based on their probability and the severity of impact on the
                business;


       4.       the management reports regularly to the Board for the Board’s formulation of the risk management
                strategies and internal control processes to prevent, avoid and mitigate the risks (including ESG risks)
                and for the purposes of assessing the adequacy and the effectiveness of the Company’s risk
                management and internal control systems;


       5.       the management performs ongoing and periodic monitoring of the risks to ensure that appropriate
                internal control processes are in place and material internal control defects can be resolved and reports
                its findings and results to the Board regularly; and


       6.       the Board, with the assistance of the Audit Committee and the management, reviews the risk
                management strategies and internal control processes on a regularly basis.




68   Annual Report 2025
Corporate Governance Report


      Inside Information

      The Company has formulated a policy on disclosure of inside information to ensure that inside information is
      handled and disseminated properly and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. The business
      departments and the department heads within the Group are responsible for monitoring any changes and
      developments and reporting any potential or suspected inside information events to the Board. Based on the
      information reported and obtained, the Board assesses whether any of the information constitutes inside
      information which needs to be released to the public with the advice of the internal legal team of the Group.
      Should public disclosure be required, the Board will determine the scope of information to be disclosed and
      the timing of disclosure. If and when appropriate, the Board may seek independent professional advice to
      ensure that the Company complies with the disclosure requirements. The Company discloses information to
      the public through channels including websites of its own and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with an aim to
      achieve fair and timely disclosure of information.

      The Company has formulated the Code of Business Ethics of Hisense Home Appliances. Through multiple
      initiatives including regular internal oversight, the execution of employee integrity undertaking declarations,
      and the maintenance of open whistleblowing and grievance channels, the Company proactively prevents all
      unethical conducts such as corruption, bribery and fraud. Furthermore, the Company encourages all staff and
      external business partners to report irregularities and disciplinary breaches on an anonymous or named basis,
      and has put in place a whistleblower incentive scheme. In addition, the Company deals with whistleblowing
      cases in strict compliance with relevant regulations, fully enforces whistleblower protection protocols, keeps
      whistleblowers’ personal information and report content strictly confidential, prohibits retaliatory acts in all
      circumstances, and safeguards the fairness and safety of all investigation procedures.

(III) SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

      The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the
      “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities
      transactions by the Directors. The Company has maintained a system for monitoring the dealings of the
      Company’s securities by Directors (including a notification mechanism) to ensure compliance with the Model
      Code. In particular, the Company will notify all Directors of the blackout period before the commencement of
      such blackout period, reminding the Directors not to deal in the Company’s securities during the blackout
      period before the announcement of results. The Board is of the view that the guidelines and procedures for the
      Directors’ dealings of securities in the Company are adequate and effective. After making specific enquiries to
      the Directors, they all confirmed that they had complied with the Model Code during their term of office
      during the Reporting Period.

(IV) AUDITOR

      On 25 June 2025, as considered and approved at the Shareholders’ general meeting, the Company re-appointed
      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2025, and the
      Board was authorised to fix their remuneration.

      The Company has agreed to pay a remuneration of approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the
      auditors for the provision of audit services for financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year
      ended 31 December 2025 and bear the corresponding travel expenses. During the Reporting Period, no non-
      audit service was provided by the auditors to the Group.

      The Directors acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the accounts that give a true and fair view of
      the Group’s financial position on a going-concern basis and other financial disclosures. A statement by the
      auditors of the Company in respect of their reporting responsibilities is set out in the Auditor’s Report section
      contained in this annual report.

(V)   COMPANY SECRETARY

      Ms. Wong Tak Fong has been the company secretary of the Company to assist the Company in dealing with
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules compliance matters. Ms Wong Tak Fong is the Company’s external personnel.
      She can contact and communicate with the Board secretary of the Company, Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, in her day-to-
      day work. According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Ms. Wong Tak Fong has taken no less than
      15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   69
Profiles of Directors and Members of Senior Management


INCUMBENT DIRECTORS

Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 44, Master of Management, served successively as deputy director of finance center of
Hisense Visual, chief financial officer and chief accountant of the Company, general manager and deputy chief
accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Group, executive vice president of the
Hisense Smart Living Industry Cluster, supervisor of Hisense Air Conditioning. Ms. Gao serves as a director of
Hisense International, a director of Sanden Company, a director of Hisense Xinghai Technology (Hangzhou) Co.,
Ltd., the Chairperson and President of the Company, and the chairperson and president of Hisense Refrigerator Co.,
Ltd.


Mr. Jia Shao Qian, aged 53, Doctor of Economics, served successively as legal advisor of legal affairs department
and director of the president’s office of Hisense Company Limited, vice president and president of the Company,
general manager of Hisense (Shandong) Refrigerator Co. Ltd., executive vice president of Hisense Company Limited,
and president of Hisense Group. Mr. Jia serves as the chairman of Hisense Group, a director of Hisense Visual, a
non-executive director of Nazhen Technology Co., Ltd., a director of Xiamen Qian Zhao Optoelectronics Co., Ltd., a
director of Shijiazhuang Kelin Electric Co., Ltd., and a Director of the Company.


Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, aged 48, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as R&D engineer of Hisense Company Limited,
deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Mobile Technology Company Ltd., general manager of software R&D
department and overseas R&D department and deputy general manager of R&D center of Hisense Visual, deputy
general manager and general manager of Qingdao Hisense Media Network Technology Company Ltd., general
manager of VIDAA Technology Co., Ltd., executive vice president and president of Hisense Group, and president of
Hisense Visual. Mr. Yu serves as a director and the chief executive officer of Hisense Group, the chairman of Hisense
Visual, the chairman of Shijiazhuang Kelin Electric Co., Ltd., a director of Xiamen Qian Zhao Optoelectronics Co.
Ltd., a director of Sanden Company, a non-executive director and chairman of Nazhen Technology Co. Ltd., and a
Director of the Company.


Mr. Yin Bi Tong, aged 57, Master of Business Administration, served successively as general manager assistant and
marketing director at Midea Air Conditioning Domestic Marketing Company, director and general manager of Wuxi
Little Swan Co., Ltd., and director, senior vice president, president of the Home Air Conditioning Business Division,
president of the China region, and co-president of the Smart Home Business Group at Midea Group. Mr. Yin serves
as the president and party secretary of Hisense’s Air Business Division, the general manager of the Air Business
Division’s Domestic Marketing Centre, and a Director of the Company.


Ms. Fang Xue Yu, aged 52, Master’s degree, served successively as deputy general manager of Hisense International,
general manager of the European subsidiary, general manager of Hisense Communications, vice president of Hisense
Multimedia Group, vice president of Hisense Electronic Information Group, and deputy general manager and
executive vice president of Hisense International. Ms. Fang serves as the president and party secretary of Hisense
International, the president of the Hisense Global Marketing Centre, and a Director of the Company.


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, aged 60, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as vice-general manager of Hisense Mould,
director and general manager of Hisense Visual, president and chairman of Hisense Broadband Multimedia
Technology (BVI) Inc., president and chairman of the Company, chairman of Hisense Air Conditioning, and vice
president and senior vice president of Hisense Company Limited. Mr. Dai serves as a Director and consultant of the
Company.




70     Annual Report 2025
 Profiles of Directors and Members of Senior Management


 Mr. Li Zhi Gang, aged 50, Doctor of Management of Nankai University, expert recipient of the State Council’s
 Special Government Allowance, served as lecturer and associate professor at the School of Management of Ocean
 University of China. Mr. Li serves as a professor, associate dean, doctoral advisor, member of the Academic
 Committee, and member of the Degree Committee at the School of Management, Ocean University of China, a deputy
 director of the Center for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Ocean University of China, a deputy editor-in-chief of
 the Journal of Ocean University of China (Social Sciences Edition), a deputy director of the Specialized Committee
 on Management Research Methods under the China Society for Management Modernization, and a deputy director of
 the Specialized Committee on Smart Manufacturing and Digital-Intelligent Ecosystems under the China Enterprise
 Management Research Association, an independent director of Qingdao Oriental Tower Co., Ltd.*（青島東方鐵塔股
 份有限公司）and Qingdao Thunderobot Technology Co., Ltd.*（青島雷神科技股份有限公司）, and an independent
 non-executive Director of the Company.


 Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing, aged 63, an Honorary Doctorate from California International University, served as director of
 Calson Investment Limited. and Changzhou Qifa Footwear Co., Ltd.*（常州啟發鞋業有限公司）. Mr. Tsoi serves as
 an executive director of Star Shine Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 1440), Calson Industrial International
 Company Limited and Hope Faith Limited, and an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


Mr. Xu Guo Jun, aged 63, Doctor of Economics (Accounting) and professor of Accounting of Renmin University of
China and non-practicing Certified Public Accountant, served as member of the party committee, chief accountant,
deputy general manager, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee and director of Qingdao Guoxin
Development (Group) Co., Ltd.*（青 島 國 信 發 展（集 團）有 限 責 任 公 司）, professor of management and PhD
supervisor at Ocean University of China, director of the Institute of Human Value Management of Ocean University
of China*（中國海洋大學人本價值管理研究所）(retired in July 2022), independent director of Qingdao Doublestar
Co., Ltd.*（青島雙星股份有限公司）(stock code: 000599), independent director of Ceyear Technologies Co., Ltd.*
（中電科思儀科技股份有限公司）, outside director of Qingdao Qingtie Jinhui Holdings Limited*（青島青鐵金匯控
股有限公司）, and independent director of Impulse (Qingdao) Health Tech Co., Ltd.*（青島英派斯健康科技股份有
限公司）(stock code: 002899). Mr. Xu serves as an independent director of Baiyang Investment Group, INC.*（百洋
產業投資集團股份有限公司）(since August 2020, stock code: 002696), an independent director of Qingdao Pangu
Intelligent Manufacturing Co., Ltd.*（青島盤古智能製造股份有限公司）(since October 2020, stock code: 301456),
and an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


 Incumbent Senior Management Members


 Ms. Gao Yu Ling also serves as the Company’s President; please see above for her biography.


 Mr. Sun Chang Chun, aged 41, Bachelor’s degree and senior accountant, served successively as director of the
 finance department of Hisense (Shandong) Air Conditioning Company Co., Ltd., chief financial officer of Hisense
 International Marketing Europe Holding Co. Ltd., general manager of the financial and operation management
 department of Hisense Air Conditioning and deputy chief accountant of Hisense Hitachi. Mr. Sun serves as the chief
 financial officer and chief accountant of the Company.


 Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, aged 39, holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master’s degree in law from Tsinghua University and a
 Master’s degree in Public Administration from Cornell University, served successively as management consultant at
 Roland Berger Strategy Consultants, TMT industry analyst at UBS, and of investor relations director at Haier Smart
 Home Co., Ltd. She serves as the Company’s Board Secretary since August 2022.


 Ms. Wong Tak Fong, aged 59, Master of Business Administration from the University of Bradford in the United
 Kingdom, is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom and
 the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries. She acted as managing director of General Bright Consultants Ltd.,
 and joint company secretary of the Company. She serves as the company secretary of the Company.



                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   71
Report of the Directors


BOARD COMPOSITION

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised five executive Directors, being Ms. Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia
Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Ms. Fang Xue Yu and Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, three independent non-executive Directors,
being Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun, and one employee representative Director, being
Mr. Yin Bi Tong.


During the Reporting Period, the changes in the Directors are as follows:


Executive Directors


Ms. Gao Yu Ling
Mr. Jia Shao Qian
Mr. Yu Zhi Tao
Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 1
Mr. Zhu Dan Note 2
Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
Ms. Fang Xue Yu Note 3


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. Li Zhi Gang
Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing
Mr. Xu Guo Jun


Employee Representative Director
Mr. Yin Bi Tong Note 4


Notes:


1.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 30 July 2025 due to personal reasons.


2.       Mr. Zhu Dan ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 30 July 2025 due to work adjustment.


3.       Ms. Fang Xue Yu has been an executive Director of the Company since 18 September 2025.


4.       Mr. Yin Bi Tong has been an employee representative Director of the Company since 30 July 2025.




72   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES

The Group is principally engaged in the R&D, manufacturing and marketing of electrical products such as
refrigerators, household air-conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances,
etc., as well as moulds, automotive air-conditioner compressors and integrated thermal management systems, and
provides full-scenario smart home solutions centered on the intelligent upgrade of home appliances.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Company and further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as required
by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including a
discussion of the risks faced by the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of
the Reporting Period, and an indication of the likely future developments of the Group’s business, can be found in the
Chairman’s Statement, the Management Discussion and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this annual
report.


In addition, the Group’s environmental, employee, customer and supplier matters and compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company can be found in the Management Discussion and
Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report, and the 2025 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company published on 28 April 2026, respectively.


These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group closely integrated its energy conservation and emissions reduction efforts with its corporate operational
strategy. This was done in full compliance with the laws, regulations and requirements of relevant systems of the
Company for the purposes of further improving the environmental management system, specifying job responsibilities
and detailed appraisal rules, strengthening supervision and management over the operation of environmental
protection facilities and regulated environmental protection work. The Group’s environmental protection work is
always unremitting.


The Group maintains a refined system of occupational health and safety management. Its production safety
management systems are developed at headquarters level in accordance with national laws and regulations.
Corresponding rules for safe operation are also in place regarding the equipment and facilities of the Group’s
subordinate factories.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group’s business is mainly carried out by its subsidiaries in mainland China, and the Company is dually listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the operations of the Group should
comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, to the best
knowledge of the Company, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of PRC and Hong Kong
which have significant impacts on the business and operations of the Group. There was no material breach of, or non-
compliance with, the applicable laws and regulations which have significant impacts on the business and operations
of the Group.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   73
Report of the Directors


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAFF, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHER PERSONS

The Group continuously improves its vocational education and training system, creates equal opportunities for
employees, and regards training as a driving force for enhancing employees’ quality and promoting career
development. The Group cares about the lives of employees and has facilities such as employee apartments, canteens,
outpatient departments, etc., which are managed by specialized institutions within the Group, providing employees
with enthusiastic and considerate logistics and health services.


The Group has always prioritized customer needs by creating valuable products and improving services. The
Company has increased customer satisfaction and offered the ideal experience for customers by improving its
customer service system and putting policies in place to protect their rights and interests.


The Group has established close and stable relationships with several major suppliers, and past records of the Group
showed that no significant shortages or delays were experienced when the Group received supplies or services from
the suppliers. During the Reporting Period, there was no major or significant dispute between the Group and its
suppliers.


The Group has always adhered to the concept of honest operation. All employees of the Group strictly adhere to the
Code of Business Ethics of Hisense Home Appliances and abide by the code of conduct for integrity that should be
observed with multiple stakeholders such as Shareholders, customers, partners, the government, and society.


Further discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with laws and regulations,
and relationships with key stakeholders are also contained in the 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
of the Company published on 28 April 2026.


PROFIT DISTRIBUTION POLICIES

According to the Articles of Association, the profit distribution policies of the Company is as follows:


1.     The profit distribution of the Company shall focus on giving reasonable investment return to its investors. The
       profit distribution policies shall maintain continuity and stability, and shall not be arbitrarily adjusted to lower
       Shareholders returns once such policies have been confirmed.


2.     Form, condition and proportion of profit distribution of the Company:


       (1)      The Company may distribute dividends in cash, in Shares or in a combination of both cash and Shares
                and distribution of profits by cash shall be a prioritized means. When the conditions for profit
                distribution by cash are met, profit distribution by cash shall be adopted. Where the Company
                repurchases its Shares by means of open and centralized trading with the consideration in cash, it shall
                be deemed as cash dividend of the Company and be counted in the calculation of relevant proportion of
                cash dividend.




74   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


     (2)    In distributing dividends in cash, the Company shall also meet the following conditions:


            (i)     the distributable profits of the Company for the year on both a standalone and consolidated basis
                    (i.e. the profits after tax of the Company after making up losses and making allocations to the
                    statutory common reserve fund) shall both be positive figures;


            (ii)    the auditing firm shall issue a standard unqualified audit report on the financial report of the
                    Company for the year;


            (iii)   the cash flows of the Company shall meet the normal operation and long-term development of
                    the Company.


     (3)    In principle, the dividends distributed by the Company in cash in the year shall not be less than 10% of
            the distributable profits realized in the year, and the accumulated profits distributed by the Company in
            cash in the last three years shall not be less than thirty (30) percent of the average annual distributable
            profits realized in the last three years. The remaining distributable profits shall be used to support the
            sustainable development of the Company.


     (4)    Conditions for distributing dividends in Shares: Under the pre-requisite of ensuring reasonable share
            capital size and shareholding structure, the Company may distribute dividends in Shares when the
            valuation of its Shares is within a reasonable range, in order to provide return to its Shareholders and
            Share its corporate value.


     (5)    The profits distributed by the Company shall not exceed the accumulated distributable profits.


3.   In the event that the Company realizes distributable profits, the Company may distribute interim cash
     dividends or distribute dividends in Shares based on its profitability and capital requirements.


4.   Adjustment process of profit distribution policies:


     (1)    If the Company needs to adjust its profit distribution policies due to significant changes in the external
            operating environment or its own operations, it shall proceed from the perspective of protecting
            Shareholders’ interests, discuss and explain the reasons therefor in detail. The Board shall put forward
            a proposal for adjusting the profit distribution policies, which shall be considered and adopted at a
            specialized meeting of independent Directors. The proposal shall be submitted to the general meeting
            and adopted by Shareholders (including proxies) holding two-thirds or more of the voting rights present
            at the meeting.


     (2)    The opinions of the independent Directors and general public Shareholders shall be given due
            consideration in the course of discussion, formulation and amendment to the profit distribution policies
            of the Company. The Company shall hear the opinions of the relevant Shareholders on its profit
            distribution policies through investor telephone consultation, on-site survey and investor interactive
            platform, etc.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   75
Report of the Directors


The Company strictly executes the profit distribution policies and establishes the profit distribution proposal in
accordance with Articles of Association. The cash dividend policy of the Company is established and executed in
accordance with relevant requirements under the Articles of Association and the requirements at the Shareholder’s
general meeting. The distribution standards and proportions are clearly stated and the relevant decision making
procedures systems of the profit distribution policies are complete.


The Company’s 2025 profit distribution proposal complies with the provisions of the China Securities Regulatory
Commission’s Notice on Further Implementing Matters Relating to Cash Dividends of Listed Companies, Guideline
No. 3 on the Supervision of Listed Companies–Cash Dividends of Listed Companies, and the Articles of Association.
The Company’s cash dividend level is not materially different from the average level of listed companies in its
industry. The Company’s 2025 profit distribution proposal has fully taken into account comprehensive factors
including the Company’s 2025 profitability, future capital requirements for development and returns to Shareholders.
It is in the interests of the Company and all Shareholders, and is legal, compliant and reasonable.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board proposes to distribute a cash dividend of RMB12.65 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares to all Shareholders
(the “Proposed Dividend”) on the basis of the total share capital of the Company of 1,384,115,264 Shares which
represents the total share capital of 1,384,861,171 Shares deducting the repurchased Shares from the repurchase
account as at 30 March 2026 (as at 30 March 2026, the Company has repurchased 745,907 Shares in total), without
bonus issue and issue of Shares by way of conversion of capital reserve. (For the year ended 31 December 2024, a
cash dividend of RMB12.30 (tax inclusive) per 10 Shares was paid to all Shareholders based on the total share capital
of 1,384,115,264 Shares of the Company actually participating in the distribution).


The Proposed Dividend is subject to approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming 2025 annual general meeting
(the “Annual General Meeting”). Subject to the approval of the Proposed Dividend by the Shareholders, the
Proposed Dividend is expected to be paid on or about 14 August 2026. The total amount of profits to be distributed is
expected to be RMB1,750,905,808.96. Details of the payment of the Proposed Dividend will be announced after the
conclusion of the Annual General Meeting.


RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note V. (42-48）to the financial
statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note V.（ 48）and note XV to the
financial statements.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

For the year ended 31 December 2025, net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB5,796 million (2024: net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately
RMB5,132 million).




76   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


As at 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee
balance) amounting to approximately RMB3,496 million (2024: RMB4,398 million), of which more than RMB2,546
million are denominated in Renminbi (2024: RMB3,434 million), and loans amounting to RMB4,354 million (2024:
RMB3,715 million).


Total capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately
RMB2,114.10 million (2024: RMB1,393.94 million).


As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s current liabilities amounted to RMB46,455 million, non-current liabilities
amounted to RMB2,009 million, and Shareholders’ equity attributable to the Shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB17,469 million.


Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note XVI. (1) to the financial statements.


HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had 37,759 employees (including three female members of senior management),
of which the number of female employees was 12,761, representing approximately 33.80% of the total number of all
employees, and the number of male employees was 24,998, representing approximately 66.20% of the total number of
all employees. Among them, 8,948 were technical staff, 7,994 were sales staff, 502 were finance staff, 798 were
administrative staff and 19,517 were production staff. The Group had 87 employees with a doctorate degree, 2,533
with a master’s degree and 35,139 with a bachelor’s degree or below. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the
Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB8,768 million (2024: RMB9,220 million).


The Company emphasizes gender diversity among its employees. As the Company belongs to the home appliance
manufacturing industry, it attracts a higher proportion of male employees due to objective factors such as physical
fitness and working environment. However, the Company adheres to the principle of equal employment, respecting
and treating employees of different genders in a fair manner, and providing equal opportunities to all employees in
terms of wages, promotion, incentives and access to training. Further discussion on the Group’s employee diversity
compliance is contained in the 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company published on 28
April 2026.


EMPLOYEES’ TRAINING AND REMUNERATION POLICY

1.     Training Programme


       The Company actively organises various employee training initiatives. For the talent pipeline, precise selection
       and interviews are conducted using talent assessment tools and leadership profiles, with systematic training
       organised for 1,048 selected reserve talents based on the competency standards for their target roles to
       accelerate talent pool development; for newly recruited graduates, a mentor-apprentice system is employed,
       implementing programmes such as onboarding & culture immersion training, rotational placements, fixed-post
       internships, and a dual-track curriculum covering both general and professional skills, enabling new hires to
       rapidly assimilate corporate culture and master essential role-specific competencies; for existing staff, targeted
       training addresses departmental performance gaps and individual skill weaknesses through methods including
       internal/external programmes, project-based research, and job rotation to holistically enhance workforce
       capabilities. During the Reporting Period, average training duration reached 47 hours per employee, covering
       managers, professional and technical personnel, frontline production staff and frontline marketing employees
       of all job types and levels, driving continuous improvement in employee quality and capabilities.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   77
Report of the Directors


2.       Remuneration Policies


         The Company’s remuneration system is based on job value, with the basic remuneration framework determined
         according to the relative importance and scope of responsibilities of each role, thereby ensuring internal
         equity. At the same time, remuneration is closely linked to actual performance contributions, reflecting
         differentiated and dynamic incentives.


         To foster long-term development, the Company has systematically established an incentive framework
         combining short-, medium- and long-term elements: short-term incentives such as performance bonuses focus
         on immediate results; medium-term incentives focus on the achievement of key objectives; and long-term
         incentives bind key talent to the Company’s future through equity and other instruments. This system
         emphasises differentiated design across different business segments and employee levels, aiming to deeply
         align individual contributions with organisational strategy, ultimately achieving value co-creation and win-win
         results for the Company and its employees.


         Further discussion on the Group’s employees’ training and remuneration policies is also contained in the 2025
         Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company published on 28 April 2026.


CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land held
for own use), investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2024: nil) which were pledged as security for
the Group’s borrowings.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
note V. (15-16) to the financial statements.


PENSION SCHEMES

Details of the Group’s pension schemes for the Reporting Period are set out in note XII to the financial statements.


EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

Since part of the purchase and the majority of the overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were
denominated in foreign currency, the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has
used financial instruments such as import/export documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging
purpose.


PUBLIC FLOAT

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s public float met the minimum requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The twelfth session of the Audit Committee has reviewed the applicable accounting principles, standards and practices
adopted by the Group as well as the financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


78   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The capital expenditure of the Group for 2025 was RMB2,114.10 million. The Group has sufficient funds to meet the
funding requirement for purposes such as capital expenditure plans and daily operations.


TRUST DEPOSITS

As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of
the Group’s deposits have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong
Kong.


GEARING RATIO

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: gearing ratio = total
liabilities/total assets) was 69.25% (2024: 72.20%).


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Board has received a written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
their independence in accordance with the requirements provided under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
The Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors of the twelfth session of the Board meet the
relevant requirements under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and considers them to be independent.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS

None of the Directors of the Company has a service contract with any member of the Group which is not
determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No significant contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company has been entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Hong Kong
Listing Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or might compete with the businesses of the Company and
its subsidiaries.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT AND CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors of the twelfth session of the Board do not and did not directly or indirectly hold any material interests
in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance of the Company or its subsidiaries subsisting during or at
the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   79
Report of the Directors


THE COMPANY AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the transactions contemplated under the agreements mentioned in the section headed “PARTICULARS OF
MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD”,
“CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO JOINT EXTERNAL INVESTMENT” and “OTHER MAJOR
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS” below, no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of
services (as defined under note 15.2 of Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to which the Company and the
controlling shareholders nor any of their subsidiaries was a party and in which a controlling shareholder of the
Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any
time during the Reporting Period.


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY INDEPENDENT NON-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors of the twelfth session of the Board have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions of the Group for the Reporting Period, and confirmed that these transactions were conducted in the
ordinary and usual course of business of the Company in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them
and on normal commercial terms or better which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a
whole.


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY THE AUDITOR

After auditing the continuing connected transactions of the Group, the auditor of the Company confirmed that nothing
has come to its attention that causes it to believe that (i) the relevant continuing connected transactions of the Group
have not been approved by the Board; (ii) the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group
were not, in all material respects, carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (iii) the
transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
transactions; and (iv) the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions has exceeded
the maximum aggregate annual caps disclosed in the previous announcements made by the Company in respect of
each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code for securities transaction by Directors. After having made
specific enquiries to the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they had acted in full compliance with the Model
Code during their term of office during the Reporting Period.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2025, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                         Percentage to
                                                                                      Number of        the total issued
Class of Shares                                                                            Shares         share capital


A Shares                                                                             925,271,363                66.81%
H Shares                                                                             459,589,808                33.19%
Total                                                                               1,384,861,171              100.00%


80      Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

As at 31 December 2025, there were 41,967 (A Shares: 41,931) Shareholders in total, of which the top ten
Shareholders were as follows:


                                                                                                                                Percentage of        Number of
                                                                      Number of Shares         Changes in      Percentage of      the relevant      Shares held
                                                                      held at the end of   holdings during       total issued   class of issued       subject to
                                                       Nature of         the Reporting      the Reporting      share capital     Shares of the          trading
Name of Shareholders                                Shareholder                  Period            Period    of the Company         Company         moratorium


Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Co., Ltd. Domestic non-state-
                                               owned legal person          516,758,670                  –            37.31%            55.85%                 0


HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 1                  Foreign legal person        458,945,427             -17,100           33.14%            99.86%                 0


The Hong Kong Securities Clearing
  Company (“HKSCC”) Note 2                     Foreign legal person          34,096,853         -5,512,916            2.46%             3.69%                 0


Qingdao Hisense Communications                 Domestic non-state-
  Co., Ltd.                                    owned legal person            27,716,093         27,716,093            2.00%             3.00%                 0


National Social Security Fund 406 Portfolio*
 （全國社保基金四零六組合）                                             Other              9,081,543          9,081,543            0.66%             0.98%                 0


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
  – the 2024 A Share Employee Stock
  Ownership Plan*（海信家電集團股份
  有限公司－2024年A股員工持股計劃）                                      Other              8,760,423         -4,419,627            0.63%             0.95%                 0


Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd – China
  Securities 500 Traded Open-End Index
  Securities Investment Fund*（中國農業銀
  行股份有限公司－中證500交易型開放式
  指數證券投資基金）                                                Other              6,903,633           402,520             0.50%             0.75%                 0


Kuwait Investment Authority                    Foreign legal person           6,372,271          6,372,271            0.46%             0.69%                 0


Henan Hongbao Group Co., Ltd.*                 Domestic non-state-
 （河南鴻寶集團有限公司）                                  owned legal person             5,875,300          5,875,300            0.42%             0.63%                 0




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   81
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                                         Percentage of           Number of
                                                                        Number of Shares           Changes in        Percentage of         the relevant         Shares held
                                                                        held at the end of    holdings during           total issued     class of issued          subject to
                                                          Nature of        the Reporting        the Reporting         share capital       Shares of the              trading
Name of Shareholders                                    Shareholder                Period               Period     of the Company             Company           moratorium


Haikou Hongbao Enterprise Management              Domestic non-state-
     Co., Ltd.*（海口鴻寶企業管理有限公司） owned legal person                                5,761,640            5,761,640                0.42%               0.62%                    0


Details of any connection or parties acting in concert between the      Among the above Shareholders, Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense
     top 10 Shareholders holding unrestricted tradable Shares, and      Communications Co., Ltd. and Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited are connected with each
     between such Shareholders and the top 10 Shareholders of the       other and they are not connected with other Shareholders, nor are they a party acting in concert
     Company                                                            with any of the other Shareholders within the meaning of Administrative Measures for the
                                                                        Takeover of Listed Companies (《上市公司收購管理辦法》). Henan Hongbao Group Co., Ltd. and
                                                                        Haikou Hongbao Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. are connected with each other. Apart from the
                                                                        above, the Company is not aware of any Shareholders being connected with each other or any of
                                                                        them being a party acting in concert with any of the other within the meaning of Administrative
                                                                        Measures for the Takeover of Listed Companies.


Statement on the top 10 Shareholders’ participation in                  1. Shareholder Henan Hongbao Group Co., Ltd. holds 0 shares through an ordinary securities
     margin financing and securities lending activities (if any)        account and 5,875,300 Shares through an investor credit securities account, resulting in total actual
                                                                        holdings of 5,875,300 Shares.
                                                                        2. Shareholder Haikou Hongbao Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. holds 0 shares through an
                                                                        ordinary securities account and 5,761,640 Shares through an investor credit securities account,
                                                                        resulting in total actual holdings of 5,761,640 Shares.

Notes:


1.          HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal Shareholder of the Company’s non-registered Shareholders in H Shares . The
            Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, among which, Hisense
            Hong Kong, a party acting in concert with the controlling Shareholder of the Company. By the end of this Reporting Period,
            Hisense Hong Kong held a total of 124,452,000 H Shares of the Company as at representing 8.99% of the total number of
            Shares of the Company.


2.          HKSCC is the nominal Shareholder of the Company’s non-registered Shareholders in A Shares through Shenzhen Connect.
            The Shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participant.




82        Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                             Number of tradable
Name of Shareholders                                               Shares held    Class of Shares


Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Co., Ltd.                         516,758,670    RMB ordinary Shares


HKSCC Nominees LimitedNote1                                        458,945,427    Overseas listed foreign Shares


HKSCC                                                                34,096,853   RMB ordinary Shares


Qingdao Hisense Communications Co., Ltd.                             27,716,093   RMB ordinary Shares


National Social Security Fund 406 Portfolio*（全國社保基金
  四零六組合）                                                              9,081,543   RMB ordinary Shares


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. – the 2024 A Share
  Employee Stock Ownership Plan*（海信家電集團股份有限
  公司－2024年A股員工持股計劃）                                                   8,760,423   RMB ordinary Shares


Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd – China Securities 500
  Traded Open-End Index Securities Investment Fund*（中國
  農業銀行股份有限公司－中證500交易型開放式指數證券
  投資基金）                                                               6,903,633   RMB ordinary Shares


Kuwait Investment Authority                                           6,372,271   RMB ordinary Shares


Henan Hongbao Group Co., Ltd.*（河南鴻寶集團有限公司）                            5,875,300   RMB ordinary Shares


Haikou Hongbao Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.*（海口鴻
  寶企業管理有限公司）                                                          5,761,640   RMB ordinary Shares

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

So far as is known to the Directors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 31 December 2025, the following
persons (other than the Directors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept under section
336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   83
Report of the Directors


Interests or Short Position in the Shares of the Company


                                                                                                   Percentage of      Percentage of
                                                                                                the total number     Shares held in
                                                                                  Number of            of Shares        the relevant
Name of Shareholder            Capacity                  Type of Shares          Shares held            in issue               class


Hisense Air Conditioning Note 1 Beneficial owner         A Shares             516,758,670(L)             37.31%             55.85%


Hisense Communications         Beneficial owner          A Shares              27,716,093(L)              2.00%               3.00%


Hisense Group                  Interest of controlled    A Shares             544,474,763(L)             39.32%             58.84%
                                 corporation


Hisense Hong Kong              Beneficial owner          H Shares             124,452,000(L)              8.99%             27.08%


Hisense Group                  Interest of controlled    H Shares             124,452,000(L)              8.99%             27.08%
                                 corporation

The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position, and the letter “P” denotes a lending
pool.


Note:


1.        Hisense Air Conditioning, Hisense Communications and Hisense Hong Kong are companies wholly owned by Hisense Group
          directly. By virtue of the SFO, Hisense Group was deemed to be interested in the same parcel of A Shares of which Hisense
          Air conditioning and Hisense Communications were interested and in the same parcel of H Shares of which Hisense Hong
          Kong was interested.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, in so far as the Directors and the chief executives of the Company
are aware, there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the Shares and underlying Shares of
the Company which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.




84      Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

1.     Hisense Air Conditioning, the controlling shareholder of the Company, was incorporated on 17 November
       1995. Its registered address is at Changsha Road, Hi-tech Industrial Zone, Qingdao, the PRC, its legal
       representative is Ms. Sun Jia Hui and its registered capital is RMB674.79 million. Its business scope includes
       the development and manufacture of air conditioning products and injection moulds and the provision of after-
       sale repairing services for its products (permit/licence shall be obtained for the operation of the businesses
       above if they fall into the requirements of licensure).


2.     The Company has no actual controller.


3.     Diagram of property rights and control relationships of the Company:

                             Qingdao
                                            Shanghai                                     Partnerships
                             Xinfeng                         Qingdao Ximing
         Hisense Group                       Haifeng                                      and other             Individual
                           Information                         Information
            Co., Ltd.                       Navigation                                     holding             Shareholders
                           Technology                       Technology Co., Ltd
                                             Co., Ltd.                                    platforms
                             Co., Ltd.
                26.79%           24.36%          2.64%               1.79%                     11.77%              32.64%



                                                 Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.



                                    93.33% Note                     100%                        100%
                         Qingdao Hisense Air             Hisense (Hong Kong)           Qingdao Hisense
                         Conditioning Co., Ltd.           Company Limited           Communications Co., Ltd.
                                             37.31%                8.99%                 2.00%

                                                      Hisense Home Appliances
                                                           Group Co., Ltd.


      Note:   Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.’s equity holding in Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Co., Ltd. was increased to
              100% upon industrial and commercial change on 2 March 2026.


4.     During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the controlling shareholder and no change in the actual
       controller of the Company.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2025, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board and the chief executives of the
Company held any interests or short positions in any Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and
any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to
be maintained by the Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   85
Report of the Directors


Long Position in the Shares of the Company


                                                                                       Percentage            Percentage
                                                                                     to the issued           to the total
                                                                 Number of                  A Shares       issued Shares
Name of Director                 Nature of interest                A Shares       of the Company        of the Company


Mr. Jia Shao Qian                Beneficial owner                    476,000                  0.05%                0.03%

SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS

1.     Sales to Major Customers of the Company


       Total sales to top 5 customers (RMB)                                                            31,108,253,486.73
       Total sales to top 5 customers as a percentage of the total sales for the year (%)                           35.38
       Total sales to top 5 customers which are related parties as a percentage of the total sales
           for the year (%)                                                                                         28.97

2.     Information on Top 5 Customers of the Company


                                                                                                        As a percentage
                                                                                                        of the total sales
       No.           Name of customers                                               Sales (RMB)        for the year (%)


       1             The first                                                  17,670,318,435.91                   20.10
       2             The second                                                  5,633,833,818.76                    6.41
       3             The third                                                   2,847,164,739.54                    3.24
       4             The fourth                                                  2,836,977,226.28                    3.23
       5             The fifth                                                   2,119,959,266.24                    2.41

3.     Explanation on the Other Situation of Major Customers


       ✓ Applicable       □ Not applicable


       Among the top 5 customers, the first、third、fourth and fifth customers are controlled by Hisense Group and
       have connected relationship with the Company. Except for this, other customer has no connected relationship
       with the Company.


4.     Major Suppliers of the Company


       Total purchases from top 5 suppliers (RMB)                                                       6,340,223,139.60
       Total purchases from top 5 suppliers as a percentage of the total purchases for the year (%)                  9.16
       Total purchases from top 5 suppliers which are related parties as a percentage of the total
           purchases for the year (%)                                                                                1.79




86   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


5.     Information on Top 5 Suppliers of the Company


                                                                                                     As a percentage
                                                                                                            of the total
                                                                                                        purchases for
       No.        Name of suppliers                                           Purchases (RMB)              the year (%)


       1          The first                                                    2,154,731,834.85                        3.11
       2          The second                                                   1,237,427,037.75                        1.79
       3          The third                                                    1,000,689,121.21                        1.45
       4          The fourth                                                     990,089,623.84                        1.43
       5          The fifth                                                      957,285,521.95                        1.38

6.     Explanation on the Other Situation of Major Suppliers


       ✓ Applicable   □ Not applicable


       Among the top 5 suppliers, the second supplier and the Company are controlled by Hisense Group and have
       connected relationship with the Company. Except for this, other suppliers have no connected relationship with
       the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased and cancelled 393,600 A Shares on 26 May 2025 and 755,634
A Shares on 29 July 2025 in accordance with the 2022 Restricted A Shares Incentive Scheme, at a repurchase price of
RMB5.157 per Share, with a total repurchase amount of RMB5,926,599.74. Save for the aforesaid, neither the
Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
(including treasury Shares) during the Reporting Period.


AUDITOR

On 25 June 2025, as considered and approved at the annual general meeting, the Company agreed to re-appoint
ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year 2025, and the Board was
authorised to fix their remuneration. There has been no change of the Company’s auditor in the preceding three years.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the relevant PRC laws.


TAXATION

Pursuant to the relevant tax regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay corporate income tax at the rate
of 10% when distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company in respect of its H Shares.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax benefits or exemptions available to Shareholders by virtue of their holding of
the Company’s securities.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    87
Report of the Directors


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material investments
or capital assets.


As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2025, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of RMB20,808,859.95,
and recognized projected liabilities of RMB4,233,189.33 had been made.


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not have any significant contingent liabilities.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

The Group has maintained Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance to provide protection to the Directors and
officers of the Group in respect of any potential liabilities that they may incur in connection with the Group’s
business.


DONATIONS

The Group’s external charitable donations for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB10 million.


DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures
of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouse or children under the
age of 18 had any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or
had exercised any such right.


On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (the “2022 Incentive
Scheme”) and the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “2022 Stock Ownership Plan”). For details,
please refer to the announcement dated 2 January 2023 and the circular dated 13 February 2023.


On 22 February 2024, the Company adopted the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “2024 Stock
Ownership Plan”). For details, please refer to the announcement dated 8 January 2024 and the circular dated 5
February 2024.


THE RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP
PLAN

On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Incentive Scheme on the 2023 second extraordinary general
meeting, the 2023 first A Share class meeting and the 2023 first H Share class meeting, and adopted the 2022 Stock
Ownership Plan on the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting.




88   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


On 22 February 2024, the Company adopted the 2024 A Stock Ownership Plan together with the 2022 Stock
Ownership Plan referred to as the “Stock Ownership Plans”) on the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting.


1.    A Summary of the 2022 Incentive Scheme


      1)     Purpose of the 2022 Incentive Scheme


             The purposes of the Incentive Scheme are to further establish and improve the Company’s long-term
             incentive mechanism, attract and retain excellent talents, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the mid-level
             management and key staff of the Company, effectively align the interests of the Shareholders, the
             Company and individuals of the core team to focus on the long-term development of the Company.


      2)     Participants of the 2022 Incentive Scheme


             There are 596 participants (subsequently adjusted to 511 participants) to be granted under the 2022
             Incentive Scheme, who are mid-level management and key staff of the Company. All of the participants
             must be employed by the Company and enter into labour contracts or employment agreement with his/
             her employment unit at the time of the grant of Restricted Shares by the Company and during the
             appraisal period specified in the 2022 Incentive Scheme.


             The participants granted under the 2022 Incentive Scheme include certain expatriate employees. The
             expatriate employees, who are the participants, are in the core key positions of the Company and play
             an important role in the future operation and development of the Company. The implementation of the
             Incentive Scheme can better stabilize and attract foreign top talents to join the Company. All
             participants are the mid-level management and key staff of the Company, who are the pillar of
             achieving the strategic targets of the Company. The attraction, retention and the active mobility of such
             pillar are of utmost importance to the development of the Company. The 2022 Incentive Scheme will
             further facilitate the construction and stability of the core talent team of the Company, thus
             contributing to the long-term development of the Company.


             The participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme do not include the independent Directors, supervisors
             of the Company, Shareholders individually or in aggregate holding more than 5% of the Shares or the
             de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or children.


      3)     Total number of shares available for issue under the 2022 Incentive Scheme and percentage of
             issued shares that it represents as at the date of the annual report


             The restricted Shares finally granted to the participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme amount to
             25,422,000 Shares, which represent underlying RMB-denominated ordinary A Shares. As at the date of
             this annual report, there are no restricted Shares available for future grants under the 2022 Incentive
             Scheme.


      4)     Maximum entitlements of each Participant under the 2022 Incentive Scheme


             The total number of Shares granted under all incentive schemes of the Company to any participant shall
             not exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   89
Report of the Directors


      5)       Basis of determination of the grant price


                The grant price of the restricted Shares under the 2022 Incentive Scheme shall not be lower than the
                nominal value of the Shares and not be lower than 50% of the higher of the followings:


                a)              the average trading price of the Shares for the last trading day preceding the announcement date
                                (i.e. 2 January 2023) (total trading amount for the last trading day/total trading volume for the
                                last trading day) of RMB13.28 per Share;


                b)              the average trading price of the Shares for the last 60 trading days preceding the announcement
                                date (i.e. 2 January 2023) (total trading amount of the Shares for the last 60 trading days/total
                                trading volume of the Shares for the last 60 trading days) of RMB12.07 per Share.


      6)       Remaining validity period of the 2022 Incentive Scheme


                The validity period of the 2022 Incentive Scheme shall commence from the completion date of
                registration of the grant of the restricted Shares and end on the date on which all restricted Shares
                granted to participants are unlocked or repurchased, and shall not exceed 48 months. The grant of all
                the restricted Shares under the 2022 Incentive Scheme was made on 28 February 2023, the registration
                of which was completed on 23 May 2023. The validity term is from 23 May 2023 to 25 May 2026.


      7)       The following table sets out the details of grant of the restricted Shares under the 2022 Incentive
               Scheme during the Reporting Period:


                                                                                                                       Unvested      Granted        Vested     Cancelled         Lapsed    Unvested
                                                                                                                           as at   during the   during the     during the     during the       as at
                                                                                                           Grant      1 January    Reporting    Reporting      Reporting      Reporting 31 December
                Grantee Note1                    Unlocking period Note2                                 price Note3        2025       Period    Period Note4   Period Note5      Period        2025


                Participants who are mid-level The lock-up period of the restricted Shares granted      RMB6.64       13,892,400           –     6,397,866        755,634             –    6,738,900
                   management and key staff of      under the 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be          per A Share
                   the Company (including its       12 months, 24 months and 36 months from the
                   controlled subsidiaries)         completion date of registration of the grant of
                                                    the restricted Shares of the participants,
                                                    respectively.


               Notes:


                (1)             None of the grantees were (i) Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their
                                respective associates; (ii) participants with awards granted and to be granted in excess of the 1% individual
                                limit; (iii) related entity participant or service provider with awards granted and to be granted in any
                                12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the relevant class of Shares in issue as set out in Rule 17.07 of the Hong
                                Kong Listing Rules.




90   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


        (2)   The unlocking period, unlocking schedule and ratio of the restricted Shares under the 2022 Incentive Scheme
              are set out in the table below:


              Unlocking arrangement         Unlocking period                                                   Unlocking ratio


              First unlocking period        Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                    40%
                                            12-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                            grant and ending on the last trading day of the 24-month period
                                            from the completion date of registration of the grant


              Second unlocking period       Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                    30%
                                            24-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                            grant and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                                            from the completion date of registration of the grant


              Third unlocking period        Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                    30%
                                            36-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                            grant and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                                            from the completion date of registration of the grant


        (3)   The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was
              RMB19.15.


        (4)   On 30 May 2025, a meeting of the Board was convened to consider and approve the proposal regarding the
              achievement of the conditions for the release of restricted Shares during the second unlocking period of the
              2022 Incentive Scheme. The Board considered that the conditions for the release of restricted Shares during
              the second unlocking period of the Company’s the 2022 Incentive Scheme had been fulfilled, and that there
              were 458 participants who met the conditions for the release of restricted Shares, corresponding to
              6,397,866 Shares that could be released from restriction, and agreed that the Company should handle the
              corresponding release of restricted Shares related matters for those participants who met the conditions for
              the release of restricted Shares in accordance with the regulations of the places of listing.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    91
Report of the Directors


                (5)       On 30 May 2025, the Company convened a meeting of the Board to consider and approve the “proposal on
                          the repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted Shares of A Shares”. In view of the departure of 6
                          participants, the adjustment of duties of 8 participants and the partial achievement/non-achievement of
                          performance appraisal of 82 participants under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Scheme, it was agreed to
                          repurchase and cancel 755,634 restricted Shares which had been granted to the aforesaid 96 participants but
                          had not yet been released from restriction on sale.


2.     A Summary of the Stock Ownership Plans


      1)       Purposes of the Stock Ownership Plans


                The purposes of the Stock Ownership Plans are to establish and improve the mechanism for sharing
                benefits between employees and Shareholders, attract, motivate and retain core talents, improve
                corporate governance standards, increase the cohesion of employees and competitiveness of the
                Company, raise the enthusiasm and creativity of employees, and promote the long-term, sustainable and
                healthy development of the Company.


      2)       Participants of the Stock Ownership Plans


                The participants of the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent non-executive
                Directors), supervisors, senior management and other core employees of the Company, who have an
                important role and influence on the overall performance and medium– to long-term development of the
                Company. The total number of Directors (excluding independent non-executive Directors), supervisors,
                senior management and other core employees of the Company participating in the 2022 Stock
                Ownership Plan shall not exceed 59 for the first grant, including 7 Directors, supervisor and senior
                management. The relationship between such personnel and the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan does not
                constitute acting-in-concert relationship.


                The Participants of the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors),
                supervisors, senior management, core management and core employees of the Company, who have an
                important role and influence on the overall performance and medium– to long-term development of the
                Company. The total number of Directors (excluding independent non-executive Directors), supervisors,
                senior management, core management and core employees of the Company participating in the 2024
                Stock Ownership Plan shall not exceed 279, including 8 Directors, supervisors and senior management.
                The relationship between such personnel and the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan does not constitute
                acting-in-concert relationship.


      3)       Total number of Shares under the Stock Ownership Plans and percentage of issued Shares that it
               represents as at the date of the annual report


                The underlying Shares under the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 11,700,000 Shares. The
                sources of the Shares under the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan are the ordinary A Shares repurchased with
                the Company’s designated repurchase account.




92   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


         The underlying Shares under the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 13,916,000 Shares. The
         sources of the Shares under the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan are the ordinary A Shares repurchased with
         the Company’s designated repurchase account.


         As at the date of this annual report, there are 745,907 A Shares available for future grant under the
         Stock Ownership Plans, representing approximately 0.08% of the Company’s total ordinary A Shares of
         925,271,363 and 0.05% of the Company’s total share capital of 1,384,861,171 Shares.


    4)   Maximum entitlements of each participant under the Stock Ownership Plans


         The number of the underlying Shares corresponding to the units of Stock Ownership Plans held by any
         Shareholders shall not exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company (excluding the Shares
         acquired by the Shareholders before the Company’s initial public offering for listing, the Shares
         purchased by the Shareholders through the secondary market and the Shares acquired through equity
         incentives).


    5)   Purchase price and pricing basis of the Stock Ownership Plans


         The purchase price of the Shares held in the Company’s designated securities repurchase account under
         the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan shall be RMB6.64 per Share, being 50% of the average price of the
         Shares traded on the last trading day preceding the announcement date (i.e. 2 January 2023).


         The purchase price of the Shares held in the Company’s designated securities repurchase account under
         the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan shall be RMB10.78 per Share, being 50% of the average price of the
         Shares traded on the last trading day preceding the announcement date (i.e. 8 January 2024).


    6)   Remaining validity period of the Stock Ownership Plans


         The term of the Stock Ownership Plans shall be 48 months, commencing from the date on which the
         Company announces the transfer of the last tranche of underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock
         Ownership Plans. If not extended, the Stock Ownership Plans will be terminated automatically upon the
         expiry of its term. Upon expiry of the lock-up period of the Stock Ownership Plans and if all the
         underlying Shares held under the Stock Ownership Plans are sold or transferred to the unit holders and
         liquidated and distributed in accordance with the regulations, the Stock Ownership Plans may be
         terminated prior to the expiry upon consideration and approval by the Shareholders’ meeting. The
         validity term of the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan is from 1 June 2023 to 1 June 2026, and the validity
         term of the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan is from 10 July 2024 to 10 July 2027.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   93
Report of the Directors


           7)          The following table sets out the details of grant of Shares under the Stock Ownership Plans
                       during the Reporting Period:


                       The 2022 Stock Ownership Plan


                                                                                                                   Non-                                                                Non-
                                                                                                               unlocked      Granted     Unlocked        Cancelled      Lapsed     unlocked
                                                                                                            Shares as at   during the   during the      during the   during the Shares as at
                                 Date of        Grant                                                         1 January    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    Reporting 31 December
Grantee                          grant Note 1   price Note 2   Unlocking Period                                    2025       Period    Period Note 3      Period       Period         2025


Gao Yu Ling (Chairperson and                                The underlying Shares acquired by the 2022          330,000            –        165,000             –            –       165,000
   President)                                                  Stock Ownership Plan through
Jia Shao Qian (Executive Director)                             non-trading transfer or other ways               330,000            –        165,000             –            –       165,000
Hu Jian Yong (Former Executive                                 permitted by the laws and regulations            396,000            –        198,000             –            –       198,000
   Director and Former President)                              shall be unlocked in three phases
                                               RMB6.64
Dai Hui Zhong (Executive Director) 1 June 2023                 commencing from 12 months after the              540,000            –       270,000              –            –       270,000
                                                per A Share
Bao Yi (Former Supervisor)                                     date of the announcement of the Company          150,000            –        75,000              –            –        75,000
Zhang Yu Xin (Board secretary)                                 of the transfer of the last tranche of           108,000            –        54,000              –            –        54,000
Sub-total                                                      underlying Shares for the first grant to       1,854,000            –       927,000              –            –       927,000
Other core employees                                           the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan. The             5,624,140            –     2,459,630              –            –     3,164,510
                                                                 lock-up period shall be up to 36 months.

Total                                                                                                         7,478,140            –     3,386,630              –            –     4,091,510

                       Notes:


                       (1)         Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 2 June 2023 in relation to the completion of non-
                                   transactional transfers under the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan.


                       (2)         The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was
                                   RMB23.72. The closing price of the reserved Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were
                                   granted was RMB29.37 (Date of grant is 15 July 2024).


                       (3)         Details of the unlocking period are as follows:


                                   •            Time of unlocking for the first batch shall be: the expiry of 12 months from the date of the
                                                announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                                first grant to the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 40%
                                                of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan.


                                   •            Time of unlocking for the second batch shall be: the expiry of 24 months from the date of the
                                                announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                                first grant to the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30%
                                                of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan.


                                   •            Time of unlocking for the third batch shall be: the expiry of 36 months from the date of the
                                                announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                                first grant to the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30%
                                                of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan.


94        Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


                      The 2024 Stock Ownership Plan

                                                                                                                                                                                   Non-
                                                                                                       Non-unlocked      Granted     Unlocked        Cancelled      Lapsed     unlocked
                                                                                                        Shares as at   during the   during the      during the   during the Shares as at
                                Date of grant Grant price                                                 1 January    Reporting     Reporting      Reporting    Reporting 31 December
Grantee                         Note 1        Note 2
                                                            Unlocking Period                                   2025       Period    Period Note 3      Period       Period         2025

Gao Yu Ling (Chairperson and                             The underlying Shares acquired by the 2024         200,000            –         80,000             –            –       120,000
   President)                                               Stock Ownership Plan through
Jia Shao Qian (Executive Director)                          non-trading transfer or other ways              200,000            –        80,000              –            –       120,000
Yu Zhi Tao (Executive Director)                             permitted by the laws and regulations           200,000            –        80,000              –            –       120,000
Dai Hui Zhong (Executive Director)                          shall be unlocked in three phases               200,000            –        80,000              –            –       120,000
                                            RMB10.78
Zhang Yu Xin (Board secretary) 10 July 2024                 commencing from 12 months after the              60,000            –        24,000              –            –        36,000
                                             per A Share
Sub-total                                                   date of the announcement of the Company         860,000            –       344,000              –            –       516,000
Other core employees                                        of the transfer of the last tranche of       12,320,050            –     4,075,638              –            –     8,244,412
                                                            underlying Shares for the first grant to
                                                            the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan. The
                                                            lock-up period shall be up to 36 months.

Total                                                                                                    13,180,050            –     4,419,638              –            –     8,760,412

                      Notes:


                      (1)         Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July 2024 in relation to the completion of non-
                                  transactional transfers under the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan.


                      (2)         The closing price of the Shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted was
                                  RMB28.28.


                      (3)         Details of the unlocking period are as follows:


                                  •          Time of unlocking for the first batch shall be: the expiry of 12 months from the date of the
                                             announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                             first grant to the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 40%
                                             of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan.


                                  •          Time of unlocking for the second batch shall be: the expiry of 24 months from the date of the
                                             announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                             first grant to the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30%
                                             of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan.


                                  •          Time of unlocking for the third batch shall be: the expiry of 36 months from the date of the
                                             announcement of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the
                                             first grant to the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30%
                                             of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan.




                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      95
Report of the Directors


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

To the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2025.


PARTICULARS OF MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE COMPANY DURING
THE REPORTING PERIOD

I.     RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO DAY-TO-DAY OPERATIONS
       DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

       Background


       On 28 November 2023, the Company entered into (i) a business co-operation framework agreement, and (ii) a
       financial services agreement with Hisense Group and Hisense Finance respectively. On 25 January 2024, the
       Company entered into a business co-operation agreement with Bosch Home ComfortNote1 , Sanden Company, a
       non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into the Business Co-operation Agreement with HASCO
       Sanden.


       Hisense Air-conditioning is a connected person of the Company by virtue of it being a substantial shareholder
       o f t h e C o m p a n y , h o l d i n g a p p r o x i m a t e l y 37.31% o f t h e i s s u e d S h a r e s o f t h e C o m p a n y . H i s e n s e
       Communications holds approximately 2% of the issued Shares of the Company, and Hisense Hong Kong holds
       approximately 8.99% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Group and its subsidiaries (including but
       not limited to Hisense Finance) are connected persons of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing
       Rules.


       Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Bosch Home Comfort, being the holding company of two substantial
       shareholders of Hisense Hitachi (namely Bosch Home Comfort Hong Kong Trading Limited Note2 and Taiwan
       Bosch Home Comfort Co., Ltd. Note3 ), becomes a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level.


       Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Suzhou Sanden is a subsidiary of Sanden Company; and HASCO
       Sanden is a substantial shareholder of Suzhou Sanden, HASCO Sanden is connected person of the Company at
       the subsidiary level.


       Details of the business co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group, and the financial services
       agreement with Hisense Finance can be found in the announcement and the circular of the Company published
       on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 November 2023 and 3 January 2024. Details of the
       business co-operation agreement, with Bosch Home Comfort and with HASCO Sanden, can be found in the
       announcement of the Company dated on 25 January 2024.


       The above transactions constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
       Listing Rules. The Company confirmed that it had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
       with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the relevant connected transactions.


      Notes:


       (1)      The original contracting party, Johnson Controls Hitachi Air Conditioning Group (UK) Limited, was renamed to
                Bosch Home Comfort UK Holding Limited in August 2025.




96   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


    (2)    Johnson Controls Hitachi Air Conditioning Trading (Hong Kong) Limited was renamed to Bosch Home Comfort
           Hong Kong Trading Limited in September 2025.


    (3)    Johnson Controls Hitachi Air Conditioning Taiwan Co., Ltd. was renamed to Taiwan Bosch Home Comfort Co., Ltd.
           in September 2025.


    The particulars of the business co-operation framework agreement and the financial services agreement are as
    follows:


    1.    Business Co-operation Framework Agreement with Hisense Group


           On one hand, the supply of home electrical appliances, raw materials and parts and components,
           equipment and moulds by the Group to Hisense Group can help lower the production costs of the Group
           as a result of the increase in production level, which, in turn, enhances the market competitiveness of
           the Group’s products. At the same time, the Group can continue to develop overseas market and
           enhance brand competitiveness and awareness. The Group can also increase market share by selling
           products through the online platform of Hisense Group which reduces the product circulation links.
           Provision of services to Hisense Group will increase the income of the Group. On the other hand,
           taking into account the product quality, prices and services provided by Hisense Group, purchases of
           home electrical appliances, equipment, raw materials and parts and components from Hisense Group
           and engagement of their services can meet the manufacture needs of the Company and the development
           of related business, and can also help reduce costs. As such, the Company entered into the business co-
           operation framework agreement with Hisense Group on 7 November 202, the principal terms of which
           are as follows:


           (1)    The business co-operation framework agreement shall commence from 25 January 2024, being
                  the date on which the agreement was approved by the Shareholders at the first 2024
                  extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2026, which can be
                  terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the parties.


           (2)    Pricing for the mutual purchase of home electrical appliances between the Group on the one
                  hand and Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between the
                  parties according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness mainly with reference to the
                  market price of similar home electrical appliances. Pricing for the mutual purchase of raw
                  materials and parts and components between the Group on the one hand and Hisense Group on
                  the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to the
                  principles of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar raw
                  materials, parts and components. Pricing for the sales of equipment by the Group to Hisense
                  Group is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to the principles
                  of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar equipment. Pricing
                  for the sales of moulds by the Group to Hisense Group is determined by the open bidding
                  process. Pricing for the mutual provision of services between the Group on the one hand and
                  Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiations according to the
                  principles of fairness and reasonableness between the parties with reference to the market price
                  for the provision of similar services in the industry.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   97
Report of the Directors


                (3)       The annual caps under the business co-operation framework agreement are shown in the table
                          below:


                                                                                          Unit: RMB’0000 (exclusive of value-added tax)


                                                                                             Connected          2024         2025         2026
                                          Types of connected transaction                        person    Annual cap   Annual cap   Annual cap


                          Supply of products    the Group will supply moulds and          Hisense Group    3,085,222    4,033,405    4,7652,24
                                                  electrical appliances, raw materials,
                                                  parts and components and provide
                                                  services to Hisense Group as it may
                                                  require from time to time


                          Purchases of products the Group will purchase from Hisense      Hisense Group      552,632      692,175      849,596
                                                  Group, electrical appliances, raw
                                                  materials, parts and components, and
                                                  engage Hisense Group for the
                                                  provision of services as the Group
                                                  may require from time to time

      2.       Financial Services Agreement with Hisense Finance


                The Group is expected to benefit from the rates on loans and deposits offered by Hisense Finance to the
                Group, which will be equal to or more favourable than those offered by the PRC commercial banks,
                and, at the same time, Hisense Finance’s better understanding of the operations of the Group should
                allow the provision of more expedient and efficient services than those offered by the PRC commercial
                banks. On the other hand, Hisense Finance is regulated by National Financial Regulatory
                Administration and complies with the regulations and operation requirements issued by the relevant
                regulatory authorities in its provision of financial services. The primary customers of Hisense Finance
                are the companies within Hisense Group. In general, as the risks exposed to Hisense Finance are less
                than those exposed to the financial institutions with a broad and unrestricted customer base, Hisense
                Finance is able to safeguard the customers’ funds more effectively. As such, the Company entered into
                the financial services agreement with Hisense Finance on 28 November 2023, the principal terms of
                which are as follows:


                (1)       The term of the financial services agreement shall commence from 25 January 2024, being the
                          date on which the agreement was approved by the independent Shareholders of the Company at
                          the first 2024 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2026, which
                          can be terminated by either party if the other party is in default and such default is not remedied
                          within a reasonable period.


                (2)       The services to be provided by Hisense Finance to the Group include deposit services, loan and
                          electronic finance company acceptance bill services（貸 款 及 電 子 財 務 公 司 承 兌 匯 票 服 務）,
                          draft discount services（ 票據貼現服務）, settlement and sale of foreign exchange services（ 結售
                          匯服務）and agency services such as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds（ 資金
                          收支結算等代理類服務）.




98   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


        (3)   The annual caps under the financial services agreement are shown in the table below:


                                                                                        Connected             2024            2025             2026
                                 Types of connected transaction                             person     Annual cap      Annual cap       Annual cap


              Deposit services         Maximum daily closing balance                Hisense Finance 27,000,000,000 27,000,000,000 27,000,000,000
                                         (inclusive of interest) (RMB)


              Loan and electronic      Maximum daily closing balance                Hisense Finance   5,000,000,000   5,000,000,000   5,000,000,000
                finance company          (inclusive of interest and service fees)
                acceptance bill          (RMB)
                services


              Draft discount           Annual discount interest (RMB)               Hisense Finance     50,000,000      50,000,000       50,000,000
                services


              Settlement and sale      Annual amount (US$)                          Hisense Finance    300,000,000     300,000,000     300,000,000
                of foreign
                exchange services


              Agency services such Annual amount (RMB)                              Hisense Finance      3,000,000       3,000,000        3,000,000
                as settlement
                services for receipt
                and payment of
                funds




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025    99
Report of the Directors


                           Connected transactions conducted in the ordinary course of operation during the Reporting
                           Period, details of which are as follows:


                                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                                                                                                               Connected    total amount
                                                                                                                              transaction      of similar
                                                Type of connected       Particulars of          Pricing principle of        amount (RMB      transactions
                           Connected party      transaction             connected transaction connected transaction         ten thousand)            (%)


                           Hisense Group        Purchase                Finished goods          Agreed price by reference       38,385.44            0.55
                                                                                                to market price


                           Hisense Group        Purchase                Materials               Agreed price by reference      187,621.28            2.71
                                                                                                to market price


                           Hisense Group        Receipt of services     Receipt of services     Agreed price by reference      230,672.10            3.32
                                                                                                to market price


                           Bosch Home Comfort   Purchase                products                Agreed price by reference       77,003.29            1.12
                                                                                                to market price


                           HASCO Sanden         Purchase                products                Agreed price by reference        8,040.94            0.12
                                                                                                to market price


                           Hisense Group        Sale                    Finished goods          Agreed price by reference    3,153,070.42           35.85
                                                                                                to market price


                           Hisense Group        Sale                    Materials               Agreed price by reference       67,146.88            0.77
                                                                                                to market price


                           Hisense Group        Sale                    Moulds                  Market price                     3,970.06            0.04


                           Hisense Group        Provision of services   Provision of services   Agreed price by reference        9,360.54            0.10
                                                                                                to market price


                           Bosch Home Comfort   Sale                    products                Agreed price by reference       41,184.32            0.47
                                                                                                to market price


                           HASCO Sanden         Sale                    products                Agreed price by reference       64,387.21            0.73
                                                                                                to market price




100   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


            Note:


            In June 2025, Hisense Group was split through a division of the surviving entity into Hisense Group (the
            “Surviving Company”) and Qingdao Hisense Investment and Development Co., Ltd. (the “Newly
            Established Company”). Following the split, the Newly Established Company assumed the assets and
            liabilities relating to equity investments in Qingdao Shitong Shenghe Trading Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense
            Real Estate Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense Technology and Culture Management Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense
            Financial Investment Co., Ltd., Qingdao (Shinan) Hisense School, and Qingdao Hisense Industrial Co., Ltd.,
            as well as the relevant assets and liabilities of Hisense Hospital, a branch of Hisense Group. The remaining
            assets and liabilities were assumed by the surviving company.


            Following the demerger, the Newly Established Company and its subsidiaries no longer hold shares in the
            Company indirectly. However, as they constituted part of the Company’s indirect controlling shareholders or
            were subsidiaries thereof within the 12 months preceding the balance sheet date, they are still regarded as
            related legal persons of the Group in accordance with the relevant provisions of Accounting Standard for
            Business Enterprises No. 36 – Related Party Disclosures, the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
            the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Related Party Transactions
            Management Measures of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.


            As the aforementioned demerger occurred in mid-2025, the relevant limit for continuing related party
            transactions approved by the Company’s shareholders’ general meeting on 25 January 2024 was determined
            based on the scope of group members and business scale prior to the demerger. Accordingly, related party
            transactions between the Newly Established Company and its subsidiaries and the Company for the current
            year are still included under the “Hisense Group” category based on the original basis.


            As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had the balance of deposit of RMB11.876
            billion, recognised interest income of RMB0.264 billion, the actual balance of loan of
            RMB0.146 billion, recognised loan interest of RMB32 million, the balance of electronic finance
            company acceptance bill of RMB0.935 billion, the handling fee for opening accounts for
            electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB0.9912 million. For the Reporting Period, the actual
            amount of discounted interest for the provision of draft discount services was RMB38,100, the
            actual amount involved in the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services was
            USD9,329,700 and the actual service fee paid for the provision of agency services such as
            settlement services for receipt and payment of funds was RMB2,749,300.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   101
Report of the Directors


II.      CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO JOINT EXTERNAL INVESTMENT

                                                                                                                                                          Total assets         Net assets      Net profit
                                                                                                                                         Registered         of investee        of investee    of investee
                                                                                                                                          capital of        enterprise         enterprise      enterprise
                                                                  Name of investee          Principal business of                          investee       (RMB in ten        (RMB in ten     (RMB in ten
         Joint investor    Relationship                           enterprise                investee enterprise                          enterprise         thousand)          thousand)       thousand)


         Hisense Group     Indirect controlling shareholder                                                                                     RMB          19,193.81          18,622.82       -1,748.65
                                                                  Hisense Xinghai           R&D, manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                                                      50,000,000.00
                                                                  Technology                intelligent robots, industrial robots
         Hisense Visual    Controlled by the same indirect
                                                                  (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. and consumer service robots
                           controlling shareholder


         Progress on any major projects under construction        N/A
         at the investee company (if any)

III.     CONNECTED BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES

         During the Reporting Period, the Company’s connected balances with related parties mainly arose from
         operating activities including sales of goods, purchases of goods, provision of services and receipt of services.
         There were no non-operating connected balances with related parties.


IV.      BALANCES WITH CONNECTED FINANCIAL COMPANY

         Deposit Services


                                                                                                                                                 Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                                                  Total deposits           withdrawals           Closing
                                                                        Maximum daily                                    Opening balance               during the            during the          balance
                                                                        deposit limit (RMB        Deposit interest           (RMB in ten           period (RMB period (RMB in                (RMB in ten
         Related party              Relationship                        in ten thousand)          rate range                    thousand) in ten thousand)                ten thousand)        thousand)


         Hisense Finance            a subsidiary of an indirect         2,700,000.00              0.2%-2.80%                  1,209,990.03         22,771,336.83          22,793,768.80      1,187,558.06
                                       controlling Shareholder

         Loan Services


                                                                                                                                                 Amount incurred during the period
                                                                                                                                                       Total loans           Total loan
                                                                                                                                                       drawdown             repayments           Closing
                                                     Maximum daily                                                       Opening balance               during the            during the          balance
                                                     loan limit (RMB                                                         (RMB in ten period (RMB in period (RMB in                       (RMB in ten
         Related party        Relationship           in ten thousand)          Loan interest rate range                         thousand)         ten thousand)           ten thousand)        thousand)


         Hisense Finance      a subsidiary of an     500,000.00                Not exceeding the lending rates for                  47,500.00           73,609.04            106,503.54        14,605.50
                                 indirect                                        similar loans offered by commercial
                                 controlling                                     banks in the PRC for the
                                 Shareholder                                     corresponding period


102    Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


      Credit Granting or Other Financial Services


                                                                                     Total amount     Actual amount
                                                                                      (RMB in ten          (RMB in ten
      Related party          Relationship                      Business type             thousand)           thousand)


      Hisense Finance        a subsidiary of an indirect       Credit granting          817,200.00          289,550.67
                               controlling Shareholder

V.    TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN THE COMPANY’S CONTROLLING FINANCIAL COMPANY
      AND RELATED PARTIES

      There are no deposits, loans, credits or other financial operations between the Company’s controlling finance
      company and related parties.


VI.   OTHER MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      On 26 September 2025, the Company convened the fifth extraordinary meeting of the twelfth session of the
      Board in 2025, at which it considered and approved (i) the proposal on the purchase of equity interests from
      Hisense Visual and related party transaction, agreeing that Hisense Mould entered into an equity transfer
      agreement with Hisense Visual, whereby Hisense Mould used its own funds to acquire the 26.0006% equity
      interest in Hisense Kitchen & Bathroom held by Hisense Visual, with the transaction consideration amounting
      to RMB94,290,516.95. Upon completion of the acquisition, Hisense Mould held 100% of the equity in Hisense
      Kitchen & Bathroom; (ii) the proposal on the sale of assets to Hisense Visual and related party transaction,
      agreeing that Hisense Mould and Hisense Kitchen & Bathroom entered into an asset group transfer agreement
      with Hisense Visual, whereby Hisense Mould and Hisense Kitchen & Bathroom sold the jointly held asset
      group (comprising current assets, fixed assets, construction in progress and current liabilities) to Hisense
      Visual for a transaction price of RMB140,593,300; and (iii) the proposal on the sale of assets to Hisense
      Electronics and related party transaction, agreeing that Hisense (Guangdong) Mould and Ronshen Plastic
      entered into an asset group transfer agreement with Hisense Electronics, whereby Hisense (Guangdong) Mould
      and Ronshen Plastic sold the jointly held asset group (comprising current assets, fixed assets, construction in
      progress and current liabilities) to Hisense Electronics for a transaction price of RMB14,195,100.


      Details of the above transactions can be found in the announcements of the Company dated 26 September 2025
      and 17 October 2025.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   103
Report of the Directors


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of significant related party transactions undertaken by the Group during the Reporting Period in the ordinary
course of business are set out in note XII to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed
“particulars of material connected transactions of the Company during the Reporting Period”, “connected transactions
in relation to joint external investment” and “other major connected transactions” in this annual report, related party
transactions as disclosed in note XII.2 to the financial statements are not deemed as connected transactions under
Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, but are exempt from the reporting, announcement and Shareholders’
approval requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Directors confirm that the Company has complied
with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied
with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
Rules, and met the requirements of the majority of the recommended best practices set out in the Corporate
Governance Code.


PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE WEBSITES OF THE HONG KONG STOCK
EXCHANGE AND THE COMPANY

This annual report, containing all information as required by Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, has been
published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (https://www.hkexnews.hk/) and the website of the
Company (hxjd.hisense.cn).


NOTE: SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION AS REQUIRED BY THE HONG KONG STOCK
EXCHANGE IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S A SHARE ANNUAL RESULTS
ANNOUNCEMENT

I.      PARTICULARS OF THE REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE
        COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB ten thousand

                                                                                                                                              Whether
                                                                                                                                         remuneration
                                                                         Term                                      Total pre-tax     was received from
                                                             Appointment commencement                              remuneration        the Company’s
        Name             Gender   Age   Position             status      date              Term expiry date   from the Company          related parties

        Ms. Gao Yu       Female   44    Chairperson          Current    21 November 2024   23 June 2027               286.48Note 1                  No
          Ling
                                        President            Current    30 July 2025       23 June 2027

        Mr. Jia Shao     Male     53    Executive Director   Current    26 June 2015       23 June 2027                      0.00                  Yes
          Qian

        Mr. Yu Zhi Tao   Male     49    Executive Director   Current    19 April 2023      23 June 2027                      0.00                  Yes




104   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                                                Whether
                                                                                                                                           remuneration
                                                                          Term                                       Total pre-tax     was received from
                                                              Appointment commencement                               remuneration        the Company’s
    Name             Gender   Age   Position                  status      date               Term expiry date   from the Company          related parties


    Ms. Fang Xue     Female   52    Executive Director        Current    18 September 2025   23 June 2027                      0.00                  Yes
      Yu

    Mr. Yin Bin      Male     57    Employee representative Current      30 July 2025        23 June 2027               255.64Note 2                  No
      Tong                            Director

    Mr. Dai Hui      Male     60    Executive Director        Current    24 June 2016        23 June 2027                81.18Note 3                  No
      Zhong

    Mr. Li Zhi Gang Male      50    Independent non-          Current    9 January 2023      23 June 2027                    18.00                    No
                                       executive Director

    Mr. Tsoi Wing    Male     63    Independent non-          Current    24 June 2024        23 June 2027                    18.00                    No
      Sing                             executive Director

    Mr. Xu Guo Jun   Male     63    Independent non-          Current    2 August 2024       23 June 2027                    18.00                    No
                                       executive Director

    Mr. Sun Chang    Male     42    Chief financial officer   Current    21 November 2024    23 June 2027                   150.44                    No
      Chun

    Ms. Zhang Yu     Female   39    Board secretary           Current    18 August 2022      23 June 2027                    84.52                    No
      Xin

    Ms. Wong Tak     Female   59    Company secretary         Current    26 June 2012        23 June 2027                    18.45                    No
      Fong

    Mr. Hu Jian      Male     52    Former executive          Resigned   28 February 2023    30 July 2025               299.35Note 4                  No
      Yong                            Director, former
                                      president

    Mr. Zhu Dan      Male     51    Former executive          Resigned   24 June 2024        30 July 2025                      0.00                  Yes
                                      Director

    Total            –        –     –                         –          –                   –                             1230.06                     –




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        105
Report of the Directors


        Notes:


         1.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Ms. Gao
                  Yu Ling as the chairperson and the president of the Company during the Reporting Period.


         2.       The employee representative Director does not receive remuneration as director. The above remuneration was
                  received by Mr. Yin Bin Tong as the president of the Company’s controlling subsidiary during the Reporting Period.


         3.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Dai
                  Hui Zhong as the consultant to the Company during the Reporting Period.


         4.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Xia
                  Zhang Zhua as the president of the Company during the Reporting Period.


II.      THE DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES AND BASIS OF DETERMINATION OF THE
         REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


         The remuneration of the Directors is determined based on the recommendation made to the Board by the
         Remuneration and Appraisal Committee on the basis of the duties of the Directors and the remuneration level
         of other listed companies in the same industry, and is subject to consideration and approval by the Board and
         the Shareholders at general meetings.


         The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee makes remuneration recommendation to the Board based on the
         senior management’s experience, responsibilities, risk and pressure undertaken for operation under his/her
         management and his/her contribution to the Company. The said remuneration recommendation is determined
         and approved by the Board. The final remuneration received by the senior management is also linked with his/
         her annual performance review.


         The Company determines and pays the remuneration of the Directors and senior management in accordance
         with the above requirements and procedures.


III.     MATERIAL LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION OF THE COMPANY


         There was no progress in the material litigation and arbitration of the Company during the Reporting Period.




106    Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


IV.   GUARANTEE ITEMS


                                                                                 External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                    Date of
                                    disclosure
                                    of the                             Actual date
                                    announcement                       of occurrence                                                                      Counter-                                       Whether to
                                    related to the                     (date of              Actual                                                       guarantee                         Whether the guarantee
      Name of the                   guarantee        Guarantee         guarantee             guarantee                Type of                 Collateral situation    Guarantee             performance for related
      guarantee object              amount           quota             agreement)            amount                   guarantee               (if any)    (if any)    period                completed    parties


      N/A


      Total amount of external guarantees approved                                       0 Total actual amount of external guarantees                                                                              0
        during the Reporting Period (A1)                                                       incurred during the Reporting Period (A2)
      Total amount of approved external                                                  0 Total actual external guarantee balance at the                                                                          0
        guarantees at the end of the Reporting                                                 end of the Reporting Period (A4)
        Period (A3)

                                                                                                                Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                    Date of
                                    disclosure                         Actual
                                    of the                             date of
                                    announcement                       occurrence                                                                         Counter-                                       Whether to
                                    related to the                     (date of              Actual                                                       guarantee                         Whether the guarantee
      Name of the                   guarantee        Guarantee         guarantee             guarantee                Type of                 Collateral situation    Guarantee             performance for related
      guarantee object              amount           quota             agreement)            amount                   guarantee               (if any)    (if any)    period                completed    parties


      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               22 December 2022 RMB 0.385 billion             Joint and several       None        No          22 December 2022 – Yes             No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             3 January 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               18 April 2023         RMB 0.093 billion        Joint and several       None        No          18 April 2023 – 25 Yes             No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             April 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               21 April 2023         RMB 0.185 billion        Joint and several       None        No          21 April 2023 – 30 Yes             No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             April 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               22 March 2024         1 billion Yen            Joint and several       None        No          22 March 2024 – 24 Yes             No
                                                                                               (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   March 2025
                                                                                               0.045 billion)
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               28 March 2024         2.8 billion Yen          Joint and several       None        No          28 March 2024 – 28 Yes             No
                                    13 December
                                                     RMB8.38 billion                           (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   March 2025
                                          2024
                                                                                               0.139 billion)
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               21 June 2024          RMB 0.031 billion        Joint and several       None        No          21 June 2024 – 24     Yes          No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             June 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               23 July 2024          RMB 0.070 billion        Joint and several       None        No          23 July 2024 – 24     Yes          No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             July 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               23 July 2024          RMB 0.100 billion        Joint and several       None        No          23 July 2024 – 24     Yes          No
                                                                                                                        liability guarantee                             July 2025
      SANDEN CORPORATION                                               29 July 2024          5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        No          29 July 2024 – 10     Yes          No
                                                                                               (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   February 2025
                                                                                               0.255 billion)


                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025        107
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                      Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                             Date of
                             disclosure                         Actual
                             of the                             date of
                             announcement                       occurrence                                                                      Counter-                                     Whether to
                             related to the                     (date of           Actual                                                       guarantee                       Whether the guarantee
        Name of the          guarantee        Guarantee         guarantee          guarantee                Type of                 Collateral situation    Guarantee           performance for related
        guarantee object     amount           quota             agreement)         amount                   guarantee               (if any)    (if any)    period              completed    parties


        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      21 August 2024     RMB 0.039 billion        Joint and several       None        No          21 August 2024 – 22 Yes          No
                                                                                                              liability guarantee                             August 2025
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 August 2024     5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        No          23 August 2024 – 10 Yes          No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   February 2025
                                                                                     0.255 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 August 2024     5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        No          23 August 2024 – 8 Yes           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   May 2025
                                                                                     0.255 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 August 2024     5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        No          23 August 2024 – 4 Yes           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   June 2025
                                                                                     0.255 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 August 2024     5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        No          23 August 2024 – 4 Yes           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   July 2025
                                                                                     0.255 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      13 September 2024 3.0 billion Yen           Joint and several       None        No          13 September 2024 Yes            No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 12 September
                                                                                     0.149 billion)                                                           2025
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 September 2024 RMB 0.165 billion         Joint and several       None        No          23 September 2024 Yes            No
                             13 December                                                                      liability guarantee                             -19 September
                                              RMB8.38 billion
                                2024                                                                                                                          2025
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      21 February 2025 1.236 billion Yen          Joint and several       None        Yes         21 February 2025    No           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 20 February
                                                                                     0.055 billion)                                                           2026
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      21 March 2025      3.914 billion Yen        Joint and several       None        No          21 March 2025 – 21 Yes           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   April 2025
                                                                                     0.175 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      18 April 2025      RMB 0.342 billion        Joint and several       None        Yes         18 April 2025 – 30 No            No
                                                                                                              liability guarantee                             April 2026
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      24 April 2025      RMB 0.215 billion        Joint and several       None        Yes         24 April 2025 – 8   No           No
                                                                                                              liability guarantee                             May 2026
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      7 May 2025         5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        Yes         7 May 2025 – 23     No           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   March 2026
                                                                                     0.231 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      4 June 2025        5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        Yes         4 June 2025 – 20    No           No
                                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   May 2026
                                                                                     0.231 billion)
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                      24 June 2025       RMB 0.071 billion        Joint and several       None        Yes         24 June 2025 – 6    No           No
                                                                                                              liability guarantee                             July 2026




108   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                  Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                         Date of
                         disclosure                         Actual
                         of the                             date of
                         announcement                       occurrence                                                                      Counter-                                       Whether to
                         related to the                     (date of           Actual                                                       guarantee                         Whether the guarantee
    Name of the          guarantee        Guarantee         guarantee          guarantee                Type of                 Collateral situation    Guarantee             performance for related
    guarantee object     amount           quota             agreement)         amount                   guarantee               (if any)    (if any)    period                completed    parties


    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      3 July 2025        5.15 billion Yen         Joint and several       None        Yes         3 July 2025 – 22      No           No
                                                                                 (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   June 2026
                                                                                 0.231 billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      24 July 2025       RMB 0.181 billion        Joint and several       None        Yes         24 July 2025 – 7      No           No
                                                                                                          liability guarantee                             August 2026
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      21 August 2025     0.7519 billion Yen       Joint and several       None        Yes         21 August 2025 – 26 No             No
                                                                                 (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   January 2026
                                                                                 0.034 billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      11 September 2025 3.09 billion Yen          Joint and several       None        Yes         11 September 2025 Yes              No
                                                                                 (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 30 October 2025
                                                                                 0.138 billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      18 September 2025 RMB 0.160 billion         Joint and several       None        Yes         18 September 2025 No               No
                                                                                                          liability guarantee                             – 2 October 2026
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      23 October 2025    RMB 0.078 billion        Joint and several       None        No          23 October 2025 – 6 No             No
                                                                                                          liability guarantee                             November 2026
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      28 October 2025    3.0 billion Yen          Joint and several       None        No          28 October 2025       No           No
                         13 December
                                          RMB8.38 billion                        (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 28 October 2026
                            2024
                                                                                 0.134 billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      17 November 2025 RMB 0.127 billion          Joint and several       None        No          17 November 2025 No                No
                                                                                                          liability guarantee                             – 1 December
                                                                                                                                                          2026
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      18 November 2025 3.09 billion Yen           Joint and several       None        Yes         18 November 2025 No                No
                                                                                 (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 26 January 2026
                                                                                 0.138 billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      18 December 2025 RMB 0.037 billion          Joint and several       None        No          18 December 2025 No                No
                                                                                                          liability guarantee                             – 31 December
                                                                                                                                                          2026
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                      22 December 2025 3.0 billion Yen            Joint and several       None        No          22 December 2025 No                No
                                                                                 (equivalent to RMB liability guarantee                                   – 22 December
                                                                                 0.134 billion)                                                           2026
    SANDEN                                                  2 July 2024        RMB 0.35 billion         Joint and several       None        No          2 July 2024 – 2 July No            No
      INTERNATIONAL                                                                                       liability guarantee                             2029
      (U.S.A.), INC.




                                                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025        109
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                       Date of
                                       disclosure                         Actual
                                       of the                             date of
                                       announcement                       occurrence                                                                      Counter-                                        Whether to
                                       related to the                     (date of           Actual                                                       guarantee                          Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                    guarantee        Guarantee         guarantee          guarantee                Type of                 Collateral situation    Guarantee              performance for related
        guarantee object               amount           quota             agreement)         amount                   guarantee               (if any)    (if any)    period                 completed    parties


        SANDEN CORPORATION                                                25 December 2025 USD 80.0 million           Joint and several       None        No          From 25 December No                 No
                                                                                               (equivalent to           liability guarantee                             2025 until three
                                                                                               RMB0.562 billion)                                                        years after the
                                                                                                                                                                        maturity date of
                                                                                                                                                                        the obligations of
                                                                                                                                                                        the principal
                                                                                                                                                                        debtor under the
                                                                                                                                                                        main contract
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                                26 August 2024     N/A                      General guarantee       None        No          N/A                    No           No
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                                15 January 2025    N/A                      General guarantee       None        No          N/A                    No           No
        Guangdong Hisense              13 December                        30 October 2024    RMB 0.7 billion          Joint and several       None        No          30 October 2024 – 9 No              No
                                                        RMB8.38 billion
          Refrigerator Marketing          2024                                                                          liability guarantee                             April 2026
          Co., Ltd.
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                           30 October 2024    RMB 0.4 billion          Joint and several       None        No          30 October 2024 – 9 No              No
          Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                        liability guarantee                             April 2026
        Hisense Air Conditioning                                          30 October 2024    RMB 0.2 billion          Joint and several       None        No          30 October 2024 – 9 No              No
          Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     liability guarantee                             April 2026
        Qingdao Hisense Hitachi                                           27 April 2025      RMB 0.1 billion          Joint and several       None        No          27 April 2025 – 9      No           No
          Air Conditioning                                                                                              liability guarantee                             April 2026
          Marketing Co., Ltd.
        Hisense (Zhejiang) Air                                            30 October 2024    RMB 0.1 billion          Joint and several       None        No          30 October 2024 – 9 No              No
          Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                        liability guarantee                             April 2026
        Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                        RMB8.380 billion Total actual amount incurred for guarantees to                                                                 RMB7.652 billion
          approved during the Reporting Period (B1)                                            subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
                                                                                               (B2)
        Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                        RMB8.380 billion Total actual guarantee balances to subsidiaries                                                                RMB4.811 billion
          approved at the end of the Reporting                                                 at the end of the Reporting Period (B4)
          Period (B3)




110   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                 Subsidiaries’ guarantees to subsidiaries
                                    Date of
                                    disclosure                            Actual
                                    of the                                date of
                                    announcement                          occurrence                                                                          Counter-                                      Whether to
                                    related to the                        (date of               Actual                                                       guarantee                      Whether the guarantee
    Name of the                     guarantee         Guarantee           guarantee              guarantee               Type of                  Collateral situation    Guarantee          performance for related
    guarantee object                amount            amount              agreement)             amount                  guarantee                (if any)    (if any)    period             completed      parties


    Hisense (Guangdong)             30 November RMB 12,200,000 30 November 2022 RMB 0                                    Joint and several                                30 November 2022-20 Yes           No
      Kitchen & Bath System           2022                                                                                  liability guarantee                             May 2025
      Co.
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                                              0 Total actual amount incurred for guarantees to                                                             RMB12,200,000
      approved during the Reporting Period (C1)                                                    subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                   (C2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                               RMB12,200,000 Total actual guarantee balances to subsidiaries                                                                             0
      approved at the end of the Reporting                                                         at the end of the Reporting Period (C4)
      Period (C3)

                                                                                                   Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
    Total amount of guarantee approved during                               RMB8.38 billion Total actual amount of guarantees incurred                                                               RMB7.664 billion
      the Reporting Period (A1+B1+C1)                                                              during the Reporting Period (A2+B2+C2)
    Total amount of approved guarantees at the                             RMB8.392 billion Total actual guarantee balance at the end of                                                             RMB4.811 billion
      end of the Reporting Period (A3+B3+C3)                                                       the Reporting Period (A4+B4+C4)
    Total actual guarantees (i.e. A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net assets                                                                                                                          27.54%
    Among them:
    Balance of guarantees provided to Shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                                    0
    Balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio exceeding 70% (E)
    Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)                                                                                                                        RMB4.811 billion
    Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                               RMB4.811 billion
    For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint and several liability                                                                            No
      with evidence during the Reporting Period (if any)
    Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                                        No




                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025            111
Report of the Directors


V.                PARTICULARS OF ENTRUSTED WEALTH MANAGEMENT


                                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Balance of                               Amounts
                                                                                                                                                                                          entrusted wealth                                 overdue for
                                                                                                                                                                                          management as at                            recovery as at
                                                                                                                                                                                              the Reporting                               31 December
                  Product Type                                      Risk Profile                                                                                                                             Period                                     2025


                  Wealth management                                 Short-term, low-to-medium risk wealth management                                                                              1,892,280.19                                          0.00
                        products                                         products with high safety profile and strong liquidity. The
                                                                         investment scope did not include securities investment
                                                                         funds involving trading on the secondary stock market.
                  Total                                                                                                                                                                           1,892,280.19                                          0.00

VI.               FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTMENT


                 1.                Securities Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                     Gains or
                                                                                                                     losses on Accumulated                        Amount     Profit and
                                                                                                                      changes     fair value      Purchase            sold     loss for
                                                                         Initial Accounting           Opening           in fair    changes         amount          during           the                     Closing
Securities         Securities          Abbreviation of               investment measurement              book        value for     included         for the            the   Reporting        Other            book Accounting              Fund
species            code                securities                           cost model                   value      the period    in equity         period         period       Period       changes          value accounts                source


Equity             7267                Honda Motor Co., Ltd.                       Fair value    15,554,161.53                    47,095.65     649,353.19                                -527,951.94 15,722,658.43 Other equity            Own funds
                                            (listed on the Tokyo                   measurement                                                                                                                        instruments
                                            Stock Exchange)
Equity             8795                T&D Holdings (listed on                     Fair value    18.49                                                                                         -0.57          17.92 Other equity            Own funds
                                            the Tokyo Stock                        measurement                                                                                                                        instruments
                                            Exchange)
Equity             PRU                 Prudential (listed on the                   Fair value    1,996,486.11                                                 2,067,511.58                 71,025.47                  Trading financial     Own funds
                                            New York Stock                         measurement                                                                                                                        assets
                                            Exchange)
Equity             000980              ZOTYE AUTOMOBILE                            Fair value    23,307.89                                                      24,137.07                     829.18                  Trading financial     Own funds
                                            (10757)                                measurement                                                                                                                        assets
Equity             601777              Lifan Technology (4452)                     Fair value    372,302.18                                                    385,546.92                  13,244.74                  Trading financial     Own funds
                                                                                   measurement                                                                                                                        assets
Equity             920080              OMS (listed on the                          Fair value                    2,899,500.00                  1,237,500.00                                             4,137,000.00 Trading financial      Own funds
                                            Beijing Stock                          measurement                                                                                                                        assets
                                            Exchange)
Other securities investments held at the end of the period                     – –                                                                                                                                    –                     –
Total                                                                          – –               17,946,276.20 2,899,500.00       47,095.65 1,886,853.19 2,477,195.57                     -442,853.12 19,859,676.35 –                       –
Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment by the Board                                                                                                                                                                    N/A
Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment during Shareholders’                                                                                                                                                            N/A
    meetings (if any)




112          Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


    2.   Derivatives Investment


         ✓ Applicable          □ Not applicable


         The Company’s derivative investments mainly comprise foreign exchange derivative transactions such
         as forward foreign exchange settlements and purchases.


         1)    Derivative investments for hedging purposes during the Reporting Period


               ✓ Applicable                   □ Not applicable


                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Ratio of
                                                                                                                                                                                                    the ending
                                                                                                                                                                                                    investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                  amountto the
                                                                                                                                          Purchase                                                  Company’s
                                                                                                               Cumulative fair              amount        Sales amount                               net assets
                                                              Initial                            Fair value      value changes           during the          during the                           at the end of
                                                         investment             Opening            changes          recognized           Reporting           Reporting              Ending       the Reporting
               Types of Derivative Investments               amount              balance     for the period           in equity              Period              Period            balance               Period


               Forward foreign exchange                                         4,301.44           2,397.06                                                                        2,461.30
                 contracts
               Total                                                            4,301.44           2,397.06                                                                        2,461.30
               Explanation of the accounting policies and specific accounting principles The accounting principles are based on the Enterprise Accounting Standards. The Company has conducted
                 for hedging business during the reporting period, as well as whether        accounting treatments for its business activities in accordance with the relevant provisions and guidance of the
                 there have been any material changes compared with the previous             Ministry of Finance’s Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of
                 Reporting Period                                                            Financial Instruments, No. 37 – Presentation of Financial Instruments, and No. 39 – Fair Value Measurement,
                                                                                             reflecting the related items in the balance sheet and income statement.


                                                                                           There was no change from the previous Reporting Period.
               Explanation of the actual profit and loss during the Reporting Period       The actual gain or loss during the Reporting Period was RMB -36.6365 million.
               Explanation of hedging effectiveness                                        During the Reporting Period, the Company’s main exposure was foreign exchange risk, including foreign currency
                                                                                             asset and liability exposures arising from import and export foreign exchange settlement and receipt, financing
                                                                                             and other businesses. By purchasing derivative contracts of equivalent value, maturity, and opposite direction, the
                                                                                             Company effectively hedged against uncertainties risks from exchange rate fluctuations.
               Sources of funds for derivatives investment                                 Own funds




                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025             113
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Ratio of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the ending
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   amountto the
                                                                                                                                                        Purchase                                                     Company’s
                                                                                                                             Cumulative fair              amount        Sales amount                                   net assets
                                                                               Initial                        Fair value       value changes          during the           during the                               at the end of
                                                                         investment         Opening             changes           recognized           Reporting           Reporting               Ending          the Reporting
                           Types of Derivative Investments                   amount          balance      for the period            in equity              Period              Period             balance                 Period


                           Risk analysis and control measures for derivative positions during the The Company employs banking financial products to preserve and increase the value of foreign exchange assets,
                             Reporting Period (including but not limited to market risk, liquidity        thereby locking in or reducing the cost of foreign exchange liabilities to meet the requirements of its import and
                             risk, credit risk, operational risk, legal risk, etc.)                       export business.
                                                                                                        1. Market risk: the Company has established a foreign exchange risk management team. For the exchange rates
                                                                                                          applicable to its foreign currency – denominated asset and liability exposures, the team assesses foreign exchange
                                                                                                          rate trends and, considering the company’s tolerance for price fluctuations caused by exchange rate movements,
                                                                                                          determines whether to enter into foreign exchange derivative contracts to lock in conversion costs and profits.
                                                                                                          Although some opportunity cost exists, timely execution of forward exchange contracts effectively mitigates
                                                                                                          market risk and safeguards the Company’s reasonable profit levels.
                                                                                                        2. Liquidity risk: the Company has entered into foreign exchange derivative contracts based on reasonable
                                                                                                          projections of future foreign exchange receipts and payments. These transactions are non-speculative in nature,
                                                                                                          entail no performance risk, and have no impact on the Company’s liquidity.
                                                                                                        3. Counterparty default risk: when conducting foreign exchange derivatives business, the Company only engages in
                                                                                                          derivative foreign exchange transactions with financial institutions approved by the State Administration of
                                                                                                          Foreign Exchange and the People’s Bank of China, possessing the requisite operational qualifications.
                                                                                                          Furthermore, it selects financial institutions such as large banks with high credit ratings as counterparties. These
                                                                                                          institutions are financially robust and operate prudently, rendering their default risk extremely low.
                                                                                                        4. Operational risk: the Company has established the Internal Control System for Forward Foreign Exchange
                                                                                                          Transactions, implementing a tiered management approach. Responsibilities and functions at each level are clearly
                                                                                                          defined, with business applications, monitoring, and operational execution handled by distinct tiers and
                                                                                                          departments. This tiered management effectively eliminates operational risks associated with individual or single-
                                                                                                          department control, thereby controlling and mitigating operational risks.
                                                                                                        5. Legal Risk: the Company’s foreign exchange derivatives operations comply with relevant regulations, clearly
                                                                                                          defining the rights and obligations between counterparties (or partner financial institutions). The exchange rate
                                                                                                          risk team and risk management department continuously enhance regulatory knowledge, rigorously review
                                                                                                          contracts, and ensure derivatives investments and position management operations adhere to regulatory
                                                                                                          requirements and company policies.
                           The market price or changes in the fair value of products for invested The Company recognised and measured derivatives in accordance with Chapter 7 ‘Determination of Fair Value’ of
                             derivatives during the Reporting Period shall be analysed. The analysis      Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments:
                             of the fair value of derivatives shall disclose the specific methodology     The fair value change recognised for derivatives during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB23.9706 million.
                             employed, along with the relevant assumptions and parameter settings.        The fair value of foreign exchange contracts was determined based on the bank’s quoted prices for foreign
                                                                                                          exchange products.
                           Litigation Status (if applicable)                                            N/A
                           Disclosure date of the Board announcement on derivatives investment 29 March 2025
                             approval (if applicable)
                           Disclosure date of the Shareholders’ general meeting announcement on 25 June 2025
                             derivatives investment approval (if applicable)




114   Annual Report 2025
Report of the Directors


              2)      Derivative investments for speculative purposes during the Reporting Period


                      □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable


                      The Company did not engage in derivative investments for speculative purposes during the
                      Reporting Period.


VII.   DESCRIPTION OF CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION AS COMPARED TO FINANCIAL
       REPORT LAST YEAR


       ✓ Applicable    □ Not applicable


       Details of the changes in scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in
       note VII to the financial statements.


VIII. REASON FOR CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND
       ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AS COMPARED TO THE FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE PRIOR
       YEAR


       □ Applicable    ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   115
Auditor’s Report




                                                                                           XYZH/2026QDAA4B0019
                                                                              Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

To the shareholders of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.,

I.      AUDIT OPINION

        We have audited the financial statements of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company” or
        “Hisense Appliances”), which comprise the consolidated and the Parent Company’s balance sheets as at 31
        December 2025, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s income statements, the consolidated and the
        Parent Company’s cash flow statements, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s statements of changes in
        equity for 2025 and the notes to the financial statements.

        In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Hisense Appliances present fairly, in all material
        aspects, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the
        consolidated and the Parent Company’s results of operations and cash flows for the year 2025 of Hisense
        Appliances in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

II.     BASIS OF AUDIT OPINION

        We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those
        standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements”
        section of our report. We are independent of Hisense Appliances in accordance with the China’s CPA
        Independence Standard and the requirements for independence in Code of Ethics for Chinese Certified Public
        Accountants, as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities, and we have fulfilled
        our independence and other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
        evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.




116   Annual Report 2025
Auditor’s Report


III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS

       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
       of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
       the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
       opinion on these matters.

       1.       Provision for declines in value of finished goods

                              Key audit matters                                                         Audit response

       A s s t a t e d i n n o t e I I I . 12. “I n v e n t o r i e s ” o f t h e   (1)   Evaluated and tested the effectiveness of the
       financial statement, the finished goods of Hisense                                 design and operation of key internal controls
       Appliances are measured at the lower of cost and net                               relating to the provision for declines in value
       realizable value. As stated in note V. 9. “Inventories”                            of inventories;
       of the financial statement, as at 31 December 2025,
       the balance of inventories was RMB6,979,117,170.83;                          (2)   Carried out stock counting procedures for the
       the provision for declines in value of inventories was                             inventories of Hisense Appliances, checked
       RMB116,789,499.27; and the carrying amount of                                      the quantity and condition of inventories;
       inventories was RMB6,862,327,671.56. The
       sufficiency of provision for declines in value of                            (3)   Obtained the calculation table of provision for
       inventories has a material impact on the financial                                 declines in value of inventories of Hisense
       statements.                                                                        Appliances, selected certain inventories on a
                                                                                          sampling basis and compared their records and
       Hisense Appliances determines the net realizable                                   aging in the table against the results of our
       value based on the estimated selling price of finished                             stock counting;
       goods less the estimated costs to be occurred until
       completion, selling expenses and related taxes and                           (4)   By comparing historical selling prices of
       fees.                                                                              similar products and reviewing the trend in
                                                                                          future selling prices of products based on
       The management estimates the expected selling price                                s e a s ona l a nd c yc lic a l c ha ra c te ris tic s, we
       of inventories based on their conditions and recent                                assessed the selling prices estimated by the
       transactions, and the management is required to make                               management and checked the same against the
       significant judgments in the estimation process.                                   actual selling prices subsequent to the balance
                                                                                          sheet date;
       In view of the large amount involved in the matter
       and the need for management to make significant                              (5)   By comparing historical selling expenses and
       judgments, we treat the provision for declines in                                  relevant taxation and fees of similar products,
       value of inventories as a key audit matter.                                        we assessed the selling expenses and relevant
                                                                                          taxation and fees estimated by the management
                                                                                          a nd c he c ke d the s a me a ga ins t the a ct ual
                                                                                          amount incurred subsequent to the balance
                                                                                          sheet date;

                                                                                    (6)   Selected certain inventories and re-calculated
                                                                                          their recoverable amount and the balance of
                                                                                          provision for declines in value of inventories
                                                                                          as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   117
Auditor’s Report


        2.       Sales to and receivables from related party

                           Key audit matters                                          Audit response

        As described in “XII. 2.2 Related Party Transactions       (1)   assessed and tested the effectiveness of
        and 3.1 Balances of the Related Party Transactions to            management’s design and operation of internal
        the Financial Statements”, Hisense Appliances has a              controls relating to related party transactions
        relatively large amount of sales to related parties, and         and receivables from related party;
        as of 31 December 2025, it had account receivables
        from related party of RMB5,999,702,116.28. In view         (2)   obtained a list of related parties compiled by
        of the large amount of related party transactions and            the management and checked it with
        receivables from related party, whether it actually              information obtained from other public
        occurred or existed has a material impact on financial           sources;
        statements, therefore, we take related party
        transactions and receivables from related party as the     (3)   Obtained the details of related transactions and
        key audit matters.                                               receivables from related parties prepared by
                                                                         the management to understand the business
                                                                         reasons for the related transactions and verify
                                                                         the fairness of the related transactions;

                                                                   (4)   Inspected relevant information such as
                                                                         contracts or agreements, invoices, declarations
                                                                         and other related information of related
                                                                         transactions, and performed correspondence
                                                                         verification procedures for significant related
                                                                         transactions and accounts receivable from
                                                                         related parties;

                                                                   (5)   Checked repayment of receivable after the
                                                                         period;

                                                                   (6)   Obtained an understanding of the authorization
                                                                         and approval process of related transactions
                                                                         and reviewed the presentation and disclosure
                                                                         of the related contents in the financial
                                                                         statements.

IV.     OTHER INFORMATION

        The management of Hisense Appliances (the “management”) is responsible for the other information. The
        other information comprises the information included in the 2025 annual report of Hisense Appliances, but
        does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

        Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
        of assurance conclusion thereon.

        In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
        our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




118   Annual Report 2025
Auditor’s Report


V.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
      FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The management is responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with Accounting
      Standards for Business Enterprises, to guarantee the fairness of financial statements, and designing,
      implementing and maintaining the necessary internal control to avoid the material misstatement of financial
      statements which is due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing Hisense Appliances’
      sustainable business capacity, disclosing matters (if applicable) in relation to the going concern, and using the
      going concern assumption unless the management either intend to liquidate Hisense Appliances or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing Hisense Appliances’ financial reporting
      process.

VI.   AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
      opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
      accordance with China Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
      financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgment and
      maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      (1)    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
             is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
             misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
             collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      (2)    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
             are appropriate in the circumstances.

      (3)    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the management.

      (4)    Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
             conditions that may cast significant doubt on Hisense Appliances’ ability to continue as a going
             concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
             auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
             date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Hisense Appliances to
             cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   119
Auditor’s Report


        (5)      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
                 disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
                 manner that achieves fair presentation.

        (6)      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                 business activities within Hisense Appliances to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
                 statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
                 remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

        We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
        timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
        we identify during our audit.

        We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
        may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

        From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
        most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
        about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
        communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
        outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants                   Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Xu Zhi Yang
                                                                 (engagement partner)

                                                                 Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Zhang Shi Bing

        Beijing, PRC                                             30 March 2026




120   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

       Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.                                               Unit: RMB

                                                         31 December 2025

       Item                                                          Note    Closing balance        Opening balance

       Current assets:
         Cash at bank and on hand                                    V.1     3,496,408,124.80        4,397,693,443.73
         Balances with clearing companies
         Lending capital
         Transactional financial assets                              V.2    19,155,470,449.17      16,209,276,762.85
         Derivative financial assets
         Notes receivable                                            V.3       133,966,706.98         459,013,499.65
         Accounts receivable                                         V.4     9,389,095,596.70      10,480,609,898.16
         Factoring of accounts receivables                           V.6     4,607,438,550.93       6,000,519,893.99
         Prepayments                                                 V.8       379,128,079.70         524,090,978.17
         Insurance premium receivable
         Receivables from reinsurers
         Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
         Other receivables                                           V.7      194,120,733.79           242,816,255.92
               Including: Interest receivable
                           Dividends receivable                                   625,590.11
         Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
         Inventories                                                 V.9     6,862,327,671.56        7,566,932,954.39
           Of which: data resources
         Contract assets                                             V.5       67,667,431.89            56,210,047.88
         Assets held for sale
         Non-current assets due within one year                      V.10    5,358,503,333.34        4,883,695,277.78
         Other current assets                                        V.11    2,845,044,203.82        1,687,051,443.98

       Total current assets                                                 52,489,170,882.68      52,507,910,456.50

       Non-current assets:
         Disbursement of loans and advances
         Investments in debt
         Other investments in debt
         Long-term receivables
         Long-term equity investments                                V.12    2,005,216,196.64        1,764,936,952.09
         Other equity investment                                     V.13       41,653,733.28           42,364,813.88
         Other non-current financial assets                          V.14       20,542,302.26           21,332,417.54
         Investment properties                                       V.15      217,213,536.17          253,998,555.64
         Fixed assets                                                V.16    7,160,327,070.21        5,648,643,079.56
         Construction in progress                                    V.17      911,155,205.31          674,456,905.57
         Productive biological assets
         Oil and gas assets
         Right-of-use assets                                         V.18      201,125,032.64          163,180,643.61
         Intangible assets                                           V.19    1,305,501,434.50        1,406,841,869.56
            Of which: data resources
         Development costs                                                        180,269.77
            Of which: data resources
         Goodwill                                                    V.20      132,571,746.36          226,408,877.76
         Long-term prepaid expenses                                  V.21       69,885,638.35           44,778,274.65
         Deferred tax assets                                         V.22    1,127,099,708.79        1,087,501,760.54
         Other non-current assets                                    V.23    4,302,599,584.53        5,859,585,210.43

       Total non-current assets                                             17,495,071,458.81      17,194,029,360.83

       Total assets                                                         69,984,242,341.49      69,701,939,817.33



                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   121
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                  Note    Closing balance    Opening balance

        Current liabilities:
          Short-term borrowings                               V.25    3,300,806,097.01    2,708,715,351.46
          Borrowings from central bank
          Loans from other banks
          Transactional financial liabilities                 V.26        1,813,733.43        3,552,841.18
          Derivative financial liabilities
          Notes payable                                       V.27   11,118,152,519.63   16,132,766,497.33
          Accounts payable                                    V.28   17,188,122,162.23   12,848,289,233.62
          Advances from customers                             V.29        1,820,551.63        2,745,211.29
          Contract liability                                  V.30    1,618,788,301.63    1,838,591,086.05
          Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
            agreements to repurchase
          Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
          Customer brokerage deposits
          Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
          Employee remunerations payable                      V.31    1,072,872,436.38    1,441,919,470.92
          Taxes payable                                       V.32      448,596,053.86      537,713,772.43
          Other payables                                      V.33    5,208,635,578.14    5,389,842,305.97
                Including: Interest payable
                             Dividends payable                          77,438,308.67       89,718,011.42
          Handling fees and commission payable
          Reinsured accounts payable
          Liabilities held for sale
          Non-current liabilities due within one year         V.34      410,893,176.08      101,928,336.06
          Other current liabilities                           V.35    6,084,406,182.57    6,913,302,837.03


        Total current liabilities                                    46,454,906,792.59   47,919,366,943.34




122   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                          Note          Closing balance        Opening balance

       Non-current liabilities:
         Reserves for reinsurance contract
         Long-term borrowings                                        V.36            71,308,422.32            49,371,196.64
         Bonds payable
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Lease liabilities                                           V.37           163,213,430.28           161,471,272.87
         Long-term payables
         Long-term employee remunerations payable                    V.38            78,993,580.17            77,923,347.90
         Provisions                                                  V.39           651,047,991.72         1,102,337,190.50
         Deferred income                                             V.40           427,732,263.51           334,592,888.16
         Deferred tax liabilities                                    V.22           158,258,327.90           148,942,326.29
         Other non-current liabilities                               V.41           458,281,470.69           533,409,940.50


       Total non-current liabilities                                               2,008,835,486.59        2,408,048,162.86


       Total liabilities                                                          48,463,742,279.18      50,327,415,106.20


       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                               V.42          1,384,861,171.00        1,386,010,405.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                             V.43          2,217,061,179.24        2,099,080,199.65
         Less: treasury shares                                       V.44            139,706,972.86          264,243,096.35
         Other comprehensive income                                  V.45            485,615,826.36          200,747,044.66
         Special reserves                                            V.46              9,449,358.91            9,282,792.01
         Surplus reserves                                            V.47            724,682,309.99          724,682,309.99
         General risk provisions
         Undistributed profit                                        V.48         12,787,042,665.56      11,300,066,951.67
         Total equity attributable to shareholders of the parent                  17,469,005,538.20      15,455,626,606.63
         Minority interests                                                        4,051,494,524.11       3,918,898,104.50


       Total shareholders’ equity                                                 21,520,500,062.31      19,374,524,711.13


       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                 69,984,242,341.49      69,701,939,817.33


Legal representative: Gao Yuling         Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun   Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   123
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


2.      BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                Unit: RMB

        Item                                                  Note      Closing balance    Opening balance

        Current assets:
          Cash at bank and on hand                                        105,514,509.55       83,431,684.91
          Transactional financial assets                                1,853,484,520.58    2,335,470,084.17
          Derivative financial assets
          Notes receivable                                                   165,038.76
          Accounts receivable                                 XVII.1     701,250,115.44       603,535,442.54
          Factoring of accounts receivables                               23,025,519.11        36,727,135.61
          Prepayment                                                      23,958,140.89        38,299,611.93
          Other receivables                                   XVII.2     918,547,242.70     1,167,291,561.49
                Including: Interest receivable
                            Dividends receivable                          74,999,306.82       71,598,383.60
          Inventories                                                     29,824,702.46        9,524,489.02
            Of which: data resources
          Contract assets
          Assets held for sale
          Non-current assets due within one year                         645,597,500.00
          Other current assets                                            18,922,832.55       58,094,649.76


        Total current assets                                            4,320,290,122.04    4,332,374,659.43


        Non-current assets:
          Investments in debt
          Other investments in debt
          Long-term receivables                                           431,940,760.11    1,131,550,066.93
          Long-term equity investments                        XVII.3    7,661,498,721.16    6,763,469,751.87
          Other equity investment
          Other non-current financial assets
          Investment properties                                            2,091,120.00        2,091,120.00
          Fixed assets                                                    43,282,514.43       40,158,494.35
          Construction in progress                                                             4,689,141.59
          Productive biological assets
          Oil and gas assets
          Right-of-use assets
          Intangible assets                                              157,707,322.84      157,986,067.36
            Of which: data resources
          Development costs                                                  180,269.77
            Of which: data resources
          Goodwill
          Long-term prepaid expenses                                          45,987.81          130,347.10
          Deferred tax assets                                             41,224,485.93
          Other non-current assets                                           869,388.35           92,682.50


        Total non-current assets                                        8,338,840,570.40    8,100,167,671.70


        Total assets                                                   12,659,130,692.44   12,432,542,331.13




124   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                   Note    Closing balance        Opening balance

       Current liabilities:
         Short-term borrowings
         Transactional financial liabilities
         Derivative financial liabilities
         Notes payable                                                  35,544,924.97            45,208,805.22
         Accounts payable                                               65,797,241.99            63,192,120.14
         Advances from customers
         Contract liability                                                310,631.06             1,499,899.68
         Employee remunerations payable                                 16,872,722.58            25,996,886.40
         Taxes payable                                                  25,272,218.22             6,074,332.78
         Other payables                                                697,415,388.25           975,680,870.90
                Including: Interest payable
                            Dividends payable
         Liabilities held for sale
         Non-current liabilities due within one year                   110,100,023.54
         Other current liabilities                                      44,059,820.72           144,509,951.60


       Total Current Liabilities                                       995,372,971.33         1,262,162,866.72


       Non-current Liabilities:
         Long-term borrowings
         Bonds payable
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Lease liabilities
         Long-term payables
         Long-term employee remunerations payable
         Provisions                                                     93,386,341.40           240,589,748.09
         Deferred income                                                 2,151,837.82            24,406,184.40
         Deferred tax liabilities
         Other non-current liabilities


       Total non-current liabilities                                    95,538,179.22           264,995,932.49


       Total liabilities                                              1,090,911,150.55        1,527,158,799.21


       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                                1,384,861,171.00        1,386,010,405.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                              2,514,494,322.80        2,387,231,218.73
         Less: Treasury shares                                          139,706,972.86          264,243,096.35
         Other comprehensive income                                      48,001,687.16          -30,344,604.64
         Special reserves
         Surplus reserves                                               694,073,685.00          694,073,685.00
         Undistributed profit                                         7,066,495,648.79        6,732,655,924.18


       Total shareholders’ equity                                    11,568,219,541.89      10,905,383,531.92


       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                    12,659,130,692.44      12,432,542,331.13




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   125
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                   Note               2025                2024

        I.   Total operating revenue                                                  87,928,485,899.72   92,745,611,109.52
             Including: Operating revenue                                      V.49   87,928,485,899.72   92,745,611,109.52
                        Interest income
                        Insurance premium earned
                        Income from handling fees and commission


        II. Total operating costs                                                     84,308,591,289.25   88,811,666,955.56
            Including: Operating costs                                         V.49   69,190,771,760.28   73,476,062,734.50
                       Interest expenses
                       Handling fees and commission expenses
                       Refunded premiums
                       Net amount of compensation payout
                       Net amount of insurance contract reserves provided
                       Policyholder dividend expenses
                       Reinsurance premium expenses
                       Taxes and surcharges                                    V.50      406,236,762.96      424,352,075.52
                       Sales expenses                                          V.51    8,662,021,521.27    9,001,915,472.95
                       Management expenses                                     V.52    2,403,555,384.28    2,499,492,962.69
                       Research and development expenses                       V.53    3,440,773,728.91    3,446,746,374.31
                       Financial expenses                                      V.54      205,232,131.55      -36,902,664.41
                       Including: Interest expense                                       193,086,522.61      149,842,418.36
                                   Interest income                                        43,195,213.33       64,767,054.70
            Add: Other income                                                  V.55      571,229,740.00      718,383,267.87
                 Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                     V.56    1,032,294,712.46      905,644,417.61
                 Including: Share of profit of associates and joint
                               ventures                                                 404,891,314.66      319,799,112.07
                             Income from derecognition of financial assets
                                at amortised cost                                         -1,130,867.56       -1,505,664.12
                  Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed with “-”)
                  Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                  Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)   V.57      230,638,141.00      253,160,531.67
                  Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)        V.58        2,715,084.48       44,200,668.57
                  Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)        V.59     -219,449,675.26     -180,162,809.58
                  Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)         V.60       42,924,276.71        3,972,039.23


        III. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                               5,280,246,889.86    5,679,142,269.33
             Add: Non-operating incomes                                        V.61      242,754,590.62      348,947,831.46
             Less: Non-operating expenses                                      V.62       74,362,345.01       61,701,076.90


        IV. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                               5,448,639,135.47    5,966,389,023.89
            Less: Income tax expenses                                          V.63      714,825,929.62      840,236,049.65


        V. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                   4,733,813,205.85    5,126,152,974.24
           (1) Classified on a going concern basis
               1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
                   expressed with “-”)                                                 4,733,813,205.85    5,126,152,974.24
               2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                   expressed with “-”)
           (2) Classified by ownership of equity
               1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent                3,186,573,917.88    3,347,881,773.89
               2. Profit and loss of minority interests                                1,547,239,287.97    1,778,271,200.35

126   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                                   Note              2025                         2024

       VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                  319,226,105.57             -10,567,861.70
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to owners of
           the parent, net                                                            284,868,781.70             -26,250,775.08
           (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss                        43,347,122.06              23,649,623.70
                1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined benefit
                     plan                                                               -2,584,204.16             23,068,284.31
                2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be transferred
                     to profit or loss under the equity method                         46,114,394.21
                3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                     investment                                                          -183,067.99                 581,339.39
                4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                     risk
                5. Others
           (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                           241,521,659.64             -49,900,398.78
                1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                     gains and losses under the equity method                          32,310,400.10             -31,695,535.18
                2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                     comprehensive income
                4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
                5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                     statements                                                       209,211,259.54             -18,204,863.60
                7. Others
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to minority
           interests, net                                                              34,357,323.87              15,682,913.38


       VII. Total comprehensive income                                               5,053,039,311.42          5,115,585,112.54
            Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of the
              parent                                                                 3,471,442,699.58          3,321,630,998.81
            Total comprehensive income attributable to minority interests            1,581,596,611.84          1,793,954,113.73


       VIII.     Earnings per share:
           (1) Basic earnings per share                                                          2.33                        2.46
           (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                        2.33                        2.46


       Legal representative: Gao Yuling Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   127
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                     Note                2025               2024

        I.   Total operating revenue                                             XVII.4   4,945,126,635.91   5,690,120,355.19
             Less: Operating costs                                               XVII.4   4,475,411,330.47   5,348,628,310.54
                   Taxes and surcharges                                                      10,001,327.21       8,818,827.29
                   Sales expenses                                                            87,826,497.36     303,588,141.94
                   Management expenses                                                       54,573,957.76     112,180,152.77
                   Research and development expenses                                        106,257,174.99     165,017,898.34
                   Financial expenses                                                       -56,896,400.24     -64,471,063.42
                   Including: Interest expense
                   Interest income                                                           56,367,789.56      62,183,147.04
             Add: Other income                                                                3,222,712.67       2,347,859.95
                   Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                     XVII.5   1,694,235,992.75   3,011,496,629.21
                   Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures              142,578,213.35      96,750,756.12
                               Income from derecognition of financial assets
                                   at amortised cost (loss expressed with “-”)
                   Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                   Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)               30,984,520.56      11,504,031.59
                   Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)                       344,346.48        -248,119.42
                   Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)                    -3,464,462.83        -296,058.37
                   Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                         19,956.33          12,821.20

        II. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                                   1,993,295,814.32   2,841,175,251.89
            Add: Non-operating incomes                                                       28,124,422.92       6,117,175.33
            Less: Non-operating expenses                                                      9,045,490.37        -477,100.39

        III. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                                 2,012,374,746.87   2,847,769,527.61
             Less: Income tax expenses                                                      -21,063,181.73       2,613,122.20

        IV. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                     2,033,437,928.60   2,845,156,405.41
            (1) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss expressed
                with “-”)                                                                 2,033,437,928.60   2,845,156,405.41
            (2) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss expressed
                with “-”)

        V. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                        78,346,291.80      -31,851,738.42
           (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss
               1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined benefit
                   plan
               2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be transferred
                   to profit or loss under the equity method
               3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                   investment
               4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                   risk
               5. Others
           (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                                 78,346,291.80      -31,851,738.42
               1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                   gains and losses under the equity method                                 78,346,291.80      -31,851,738.42
               2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
               3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                   comprehensive income
               4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
               5. Cash flow hedge reserve
               6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                   statements
               7. Others

        VI. Total comprehensive income                                                    2,111,784,220.40   2,813,304,666.99

        VII. Earnings per share:

             (1) Basic earnings per share
             (2) Diluted earnings per share



128   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                   Note               2025                         2024

       I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
           Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services               80,326,471,758.97         76,577,033,223.57
           Net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits
           Net increase in borrowings from central bank
           Net increase in placements from other financial institutions
           Cash received from original insurance contracts
           Net cash received from reinsurance business
           Net increase in deposits and investments from policyholders
           Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
           Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
               institutions
           Net increase in repurchase business capital
           Net income from trading securities as broker
           Tax rebates received                                                       3,513,939,184.07          3,516,048,170.30
           Cash received relating to other operating activities               V.65    1,137,018,234.74          1,332,901,940.81
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                            84,977,429,177.78         81,425,983,334.68
           Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of services            56,553,107,485.39         53,813,631,103.79
           Net increase in loans and advances to customers
           Net increase in deposits with central bank and other banks
           Cash paid for compensation under original insurance contract
           Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
               institutions
           Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
           Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
           Cash paid to and for employees                                             8,767,626,935.64          9,219,713,292.09
           Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                         3,127,722,841.95          3,481,226,990.40
           Cash paid relating to other operating activities                   V.65   10,732,942,734.29          9,779,247,007.16
       Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                           79,181,399,997.27         76,293,818,393.44
       Net cash flows from operating activities                                       5,796,029,180.51          5,132,164,941.24


       II. Cash flows from investing activities:
           Cash received from recovery of investments                                    23,909,643.88
           Cash received from investment income                                       1,135,390,218.94          1,078,028,635.37
           Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets                                        91,062,660.49               9,383,381.79
           Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other
               operation units
           Cash received relating to other investing activities               V.65   45,526,149,135.25         36,488,772,661.40
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                            46,776,511,658.56         37,576,184,678.56
           Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
               other long-term assets                                                 2,114,104,984.92          1,393,936,596.83
           Cash paid for investments                                                     17,360,421.57            147,000,000.00
           Net increase in pledged loans
           Cash paid for acquiring subsidiaries and other operation units
           Cash paid relating to other investing activities                   V.65   48,199,192,150.07         36,654,685,169.84
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                           50,330,657,556.56         38,195,621,766.67
       Net cash flows from investing activities                                      -3,554,145,898.00           -619,437,088.11




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   129
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                                   Note               2025                2024

        III. Cash flows from financing activities:
             Cash received from capital contribution                                     12,895,943.19         5,000,000.00
             Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from minority
                 shareholders’ investment                                                                      5,000,000.00
             Cash received from borrowings                                            4,106,201,239.89     2,218,102,177.76
             Cash received relating to other financing activities              V.65     857,476,947.77     2,703,497,913.70
        Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                            4,976,574,130.85     4,926,600,091.46
             Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                                    3,391,832,676.49     1,762,522,177.20
             Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of
                 interest expenses                                                    3,300,834,980.84     4,389,960,761.14
             Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority shareholders by
                 subsidiaries                                                          1,492,575,419.83    2,894,496,152.89
             Cash paid relating to other financing activities                  V.65      298,947,022.47    3,895,437,279.21
        Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                            6,991,614,679.80   10,047,920,217.55
        Net cash flows from financing activities                                      -2,015,040,548.95   -5,121,320,126.09


        IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
            equivalents                                                                   -4,544,766.27      -77,279,521.03


        V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    222,297,967.29      -685,871,793.99
            Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
                the period                                                            2,191,268,606.55     2,877,140,400.54
        VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period             2,413,566,573.84     2,191,268,606.55




130   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


6.     CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                    Note               2025                         2024

       I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
           Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of service                 3,878,749,778.68           4,211,123,563.02
           Tax rebates received                                                                                         27,690.77
           Cash received relating to other operating activities                         841,032,146.08             728,761,661.03
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                             4,719,781,924.76           4,939,912,914.82
           Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of labor
               services                                                               3,354,638,392.68           3,287,617,324.61
           Cash paid to and for employees                                               252,902,908.07             310,923,213.98
           Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                            14,504,955.42              13,969,058.80
           Cash paid relating to other operating activities                             997,225,742.55           1,151,720,937.89
       Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                             4,619,271,998.72           4,764,230,535.28
       Net cash flows from operating activities                                         100,509,926.04             175,682,379.54


       II. Cash flow from investing activities:
           Cash received from recovery of investments                                    32,800,000.00
           Cash received from investment income                                       1,745,350,547.85           3,139,761,736.37
           Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets                                            481,931.31                  13,897.70
           Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
               operation units
           Cash received relating to other investing activities                       5,066,890,265.03           4,050,485,625.23
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                             6,845,522,744.19           7,190,261,259.30
           Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
               other long-term assets                                                    10,523,287.67              21,457,933.47
           Cash paid for investments                                                    699,945,010.00             711,821,117.29
           Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other operation
               units
           Cash paid relating to other investing activities                           4,492,500,000.00           5,046,966,052.52
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                            5,202,968,297.67           5,780,245,103.28
       Net cash flows from investing activities                                       1,642,554,446.52           1,410,016,156.02


       III. Cash flows from financing activities:
            Cash received from capital contribution
            Cash received from borrowings
            Cash received relating to other financing activities                          7,441,692.72             155,555,939.00
            Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                            7,441,692.72             155,555,939.00
            Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
            Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of
                interest expenses                                                      1,702,461,774.72          1,403,272,936.47
            Cash paid relating to other financing activities                              31,133,225.05            356,972,836.25
       Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                             1,733,594,999.77          1,760,245,772.72
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                       -1,726,153,307.05         -1,604,689,833.72


       IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
           equivalents                                                                    -1,261,061.03               -736,869.69


       V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                      15,650,004.48             -19,728,167.85
           Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
               the period                                                                59,068,601.24              78,796,769.09
       VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                 74,718,605.72              59,068,601.24



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   131
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


7.                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

                    Amount for current period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                              2025
                                                                                                                                         Attributable to the owners of the parent                                                                                                            Total Share
                     Item                                                     Other equity instruments                                       Less:              Other                                          General                                                                            capital
                                                             Share    Preference         Perpetual                        Capital        Treasury comprehensive                   Special         Surplus          risk      Undistributed                                       Minority Capital reserve
                                                            capital       shares              debts      Others           reserve           shares             income           reserves          reserves   provisions             profits   Others           Subtotal          interests owners’ equity

I.  Closing balance of previous year               1,386,010,405.00                                               2,099,080,199.65   264,243,096.35    200,747,044.66       9,282,792.01    724,682,309.99                11,300,066,951.67            15,455,626,606.63 3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13
    Add: Changes in accounting policies
          Correction for error in previous
          period
          Others
II. Opening balance for the year                   1,386,010,405.00                                               2,099,080,199.65   264,243,096.35    200,747,044.66       9,282,792.01    724,682,309.99                11,300,066,951.67            15,455,626,606.63 3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13


III. Movements in the current period
     (Decreases expressed with “–”)                   -1,149,234.00                                                117,980,979.59 -124,536,123.49      284,868,781.70         166,566.90                                   1,486,975,713.89             2,013,378,931.57 132,596,419.61 2,145,975,351.18
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                    284,868,781.70                                                      3,186,573,917.88             3,471,442,699.58 1,581,596,611.84 5,053,039,311.42
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
           reductions                                 -1,149,234.00                                                 95,345,855.30 -124,536,123.49                                                                                                        218,732,744.79     -58,868,539.60    159,864,205.19
           1. Ordinary shares contributed by
                 shareholders                         -1,149,234.00                                                  -7,642,693.99                                                                                                                         -8,791,927.99                       -8,791,927.99
           2. Capital contributions by
                 holders of other equity
                 instrument
           3. Amount of share-based
                 payment included in
                 shareholders’ equity                                                                              112,814,090.57                                                                                                                         112,814,090.57 11,857,910.57 124,672,001.14
           4. Others                                                                                                -9,825,541.28 -124,536,123.49                                                                                                         114,710,582.21 -70,726,450.17 43,984,132.04
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                              -1,699,598,203.99            -1,699,598,203.99 -1,390,273,101.12 -3,089,871,305.11
           1. Appropriations to surplus
                 reserve
           2. Appropriations to general risk
                 provisions
           3. Distribution to owners
                 (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                           -1,699,598,203.99            -1,699,598,203.99 -1,390,273,101.12 -3,089,871,305.11
           4. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
           1. Transfer to capital (or share
                 capital) from capital reserve
           2. Transfer to capital (or share
                 capital) from surplus reserve
           3. Surplus reserves for making up
                 losses
           4. Changing amount of defined
                 benefit plan carried forward to
                 retained earnings
           5. Other comprehensive income
                 carried forward to retained
                 earnings
           6. Others
     (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                     166,566.90                                                                     166,566.90         393,603.75        560,170.65
           1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                   88,195,567.19                                                                  88,195,567.19       8,797,251.45     96,992,818.64
           2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                       88,029,000.29                                                                  88,029,000.29       8,403,647.70     96,432,647.99
     (6) Others                                                                                                     22,635,124.29                                                                                                                         22,635,124.29        -252,155.26     22,382,969.03


IV. Closing balance for the period                 1,384,861,171.00                                               2,217,061,179.24   139,706,972.86    485,615,826.36       9,449,358.91    724,682,309.99                12,787,042,665.56            17,469,005,538.20 4,051,494,524.11 21,520,500,062.31




132            Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                  Amount for previous period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                                              Attributable to the owners of the parent
                   Item                                              Other equity instruments                                      Less:            Other                                      General                                                                           Total
                                                              Preference       Perpetual                        Capital        Treasury comprehensive                Special      Surplus          risk Undistributed                                       Minority           owners’
                                              Share capital       shares            debts       Others          reserve           shares           income           reserves      reserves   provisions        profits    Others           Subtotal         interests           equity

I. Closing balance for previous year 1,387,935,370.00                                                    2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99             9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64
    Add: Changes in accounting policies
         Correction for error in previous
         period
         Others
II. Opening balance for the year          1,387,935,370.00                                               2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99             9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64

III. Movements in the current period
     (Decreases expressed with “–”            -1,924,965.00                                               -16,327,518.40   27,616,613.74 -26,250,775.08        2,963,155.48                            1,944,608,837.42            1,875,452,120.68 -1,896,986,536.19 -21,534,415.51
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                      -26,250,775.08                                                3,347,881,773.89            3,321,630,998.81 1,793,954,113.73 5,115,585,112.54
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
          reduction                           -1,924,965.00                                               -23,422,371.87   27,616,613.74                                                                                             -52,963,950.61 -850,650,713.16 -903,614,663.77
          1. Ordinary shares contributed
                by owners                     -1,924,965.00                                                -9,861,342.75                                                                                                             -11,786,307.75 -910,690,125.76 -922,476,433.51
          2. Capital contributions by
                holders of other equity
                instruments
          3. Amount of share-based
                payment included in
                shareholders’ equity                                                                      195,669,559.97                                                                                                              195,669,559.97 38,682,800.25 234,352,360.22
          4. Others                                                                                      -209,230,589.09   27,616,613.74                                                                                             -236,847,202.83 21,356,612.35 -215,490,590.48
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                          -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47 -2,844,055,083.10 -4,247,328,019.57
          1. Appropriations to surplus
                reserve
          2. Appropriations to general
                risk provisions
          3. Distribution to owners
                (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                        -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47 -2,844,055,083.10 -4,247,328,019.57
          4. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
          1. Transfer to capital (or share
                capital) from capital reserve
          2. Transfer to capital (or share
                capital) from surplus reserve
          3. Surplus reserves for making
                up losses
          4. Changing amount of defined
                benefit plan carried forward
                to retained earnings
          5. Other comprehensive
                income carried forward to
                retained earnings
          6. Others
     (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                      2,963,155.48                                                            2,963,155.48        811,995.90      3,775,151.38
          1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                       86,854,043.85                                                           86,854,043.85     11,900,486.24     98,754,530.09
          2. Used during the period                                                                                                                           83,890,888.37                                                           83,890,888.37     11,088,490.34     94,979,378.71
     (6) Others                                                                                             7,094,853.47                                                                                                               7,094,853.47      2,953,150.44     10,048,003.91

IV. Closing balance for the period         1,386,010,405.00                                              2,099,080,199.65 264,243,096.35 200,747,044.66        9,282,792.01 724,682,309.99            11,300,066,951.67            15,455,626,606.63 3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025                         133
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


8.               STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

                 Amount for current period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                   2025
Item                                                                          Other equity instruments                                                           Other                                                                        Total
                                                            Share    Preference         Perpetual                                            Less:        comprehensive     Special        Surplus       Undistributed                      owners’
                                                           capital       shares              debts       Others    Capital reserve Treasury shares              income     reserves        reserves             profits   Others             equity

I. Closing balance in previous year              1,386,010,405.00                                                 2,387,231,218.73   264,243,096.35       -30,344,604.64              694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18              10,905,383,531.92
    Add: Changes in accounting policies
         Correction for error in previous period
         Others
II. Opening balance for the year                 1,386,010,405.00                                                 2,387,231,218.73   264,243,096.35       -30,344,604.64              694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18              10,905,383,531.92

III. Movements in the current period
     (Decreases expressed with “–”)                  -1,149,234.00                                                 127,263,104.07    -124,536,123.49       78,346,291.80                                333,839,724.61                662,836,009.97
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                        78,346,291.80                              2,033,437,928.60              2,111,784,220.40
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
          reductions                                 -1,149,234.00                                                 104,627,979.78    -124,536,123.49                                                                                 228,014,869.27
          1. Ordinary shares contributed by
               owners                                -1,149,234.00                                                   -7,642,693.99                                                                                                     -8,791,927.99
          2. Capital contributions by holders
               of other equity instruments
          3. Amount of share-based payment
               included in shareholders’ equity                                                                    110,631,445.77                                                                                                     110,631,445.77
          4. Others                                                                                                  1,639,228.00    -124,536,123.49                                                                                  126,175,351.49
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                          -1,699,598,203.99            -1,699,598,203.99
          1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
          2. Distribution to owners
               (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                         -1,699,598,203.99            -1,699,598,203.99
          3. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
          1. Transfer to capital (or share
               capital) from capital reserve
          2. Transfer to capital (or share
               capital) from surplus reserve
          3. Surplus reserves for making up
               losses
          4. Changing amount of defined
               benefit plan carried forward to
               retained earnings
          5. Other comprehensive income
               carried forward to retained
               earnings
          6. Others
     (5) Special reserves
          1. Provided during the period
          2. Used during the period
     (6) Others                                                                                                     22,635,124.29                                                                                                      22,635,124.29

IV. Closing balance for the period                1,384,861,171.00                                                2,514,494,322.80   139,706,972.86        48,001,687.16              694,073,685.00 7,066,495,648.79              11,568,219,541.89




134         Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                 Amount for previous period
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                  2024
Item                                                                          Other equity instruments                                                          Other                                                                             Total
                                                            Share    Preference         Perpetual                                            Less:       comprehensive                                       Undistributed                      owners’
                                                           capital       shares              debts       Others    Capital reserve Treasury shares             income Special reserves Surplus reserves             profits   Others             equity

I. Closing balance in previous year              1,387,935,370.00                                                 2,352,730,955.68   236,626,482.61        1,507,133.78                   694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24               9,490,393,117.09
    Add: Changes in accounting policies
         Correction for error in previous period
         Others
II. Opening balance for the year                 1,387,935,370.00                                                 2,352,730,955.68   236,626,482.61        1,507,133.78                   694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24               9,490,393,117.09

III. Movements in the current period
     (Decreases expressed with “–”)                  -1,924,965.00                                                  34,500,263.05     27,616,613.74      -31,851,738.42                                   1,441,883,468.94              1,414,990,414.83
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                      -31,851,738.42                                   2,845,156,405.41              2,813,304,666.99
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
          reductions                                 -1,924,965.00                                                  36,617,040.73     27,616,613.74                                                                                         7,075,461.99
          1. Ordinary shares contributed by
               owners                                -1,924,965.00                                                   -9,861,342.75                                                                                                        -11,786,307.75
          2. Capital contributions by holders
               of other equity instruments
          3. Amount of share-based payment
               included in shareholders’ equity                                                                    234,352,360.22                                                                                                         234,352,360.22
          4. Others                                                                                               -187,873,976.74     27,616,613.74                                                                                      -215,490,590.48
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                              -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47
          1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
          2. Distribution to owners
               (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                             -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47
          3. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
          1. Transfer to capital (or share
               capital) from capital reserve
          2. Transfer to capital (or share
               capital) from surplus reserve
          3. Surplus reserves for making up
               losses
          4. Changing amount of defined
               benefit plan carried forward to
               retained earnings
          5. Other comprehensive income
               carried forward to retained
               earnings
          6. Others
     (5) Special reserves
          1. Provided during the period
          2. Used during the period
     (6) Others                                                                                                      -2,116,777.68                                                                                                         -2,116,777.68

IV. Closing balance for the period                1,386,010,405.00                                                2,387,231,218.73   264,243,096.35      -30,344,604.64                   694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18              10,905,383,531.92




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025           135
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


I.       COMPANY PROFILE

         Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when
         including subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River Factory（廣東順德珠江冰箱廠）,
         was established in 1984, with its place of registration and head office address at No. 8 Ronggang Road,
         Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province. The Company’s 459,589,808 overseas
         listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 23 July
         1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic shares (the “A Shares”),
         which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

         In accordance with the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (2017) issued by the
         National Bureau of Statistics, the Company belongs to “C3851 Manufacturer of household refrigeration
         appliances”, which is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and
         service business of HVAC, refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-
         conditioning compressors, automotive integrated thermal management systems and other products, and
         provides the full-scenario smart home solutions. The main products include HVAC, refrigerators, freezers,
         washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive integrated
         thermal management systems, etc.

         The financial statements were approved for publication by the Board of the Company on 30 March 2026.

II.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         1.       Basis of preparation

                  The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on actual transactions and events according to
                  the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” and its application guidelines, interpretations and
                  other relevant regulations (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Accounting Standards for
                  Business Enterprises”) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the “Preparation Rules for Information
                  Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 15 – General Provisions on Financial
                  Reports” (Revised in 2023) and relevant provisions issued by the China Securities Regulatory
                  Commission (“CSRC”), as well as the relevant disclosure provisions required by the “Companies
                  Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

         2.       Going-concern

                  The Group has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months as of 31
                  December 2025, and has found no events or circumstances that cast significant doubt on its ability to
                  continue as a going concern. The financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.

III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

         The accounting policies and accounting estimates developed by the Group according to characteristics of
         actual production and operation include bad debts provision for receivables, provision for decline in value of
         inventories, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, conditions for capitalizing R&D
         expenses, recognition and measurement of incomes, etc.

         1.       Declaration on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

                  These financial statements give a true, accurate and complete view of the financial position as at 31
                  December 2025, operation results, cash flows and other information for 2025 of the Company and the
                  Group in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.




136    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       2.     Accounting period

              The Group adopts the calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting
              period.

       3.     Business cycle

              The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification
              between assets and liabilities.

       4.     Reporting currency

              The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their reporting currencies. The overseas
              subsidiaries of the Group shall determine their respective reporting currencies depending on the
              primary economic environment where they operate. The Group converts other currencies into RMB in
              preparing the financial statements according to the methods described in Section III. 10.

       5.     Method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria

              The Group follows the principle of materiality in the preparation and disclosure of its financial
              statements. The matters disclosed in the notes to the financial statements that involve judgements about
              materiality criteria and the method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria are
              set out as follows:

              Disclosures involving          Disclosure sections Method for determination and basis for selection of
              judgements about                of matters in the   materiality criteria
              materiality criteria               notes to the
                                                  financial
                                                 statements

              Accounts receivable/other          V. 4, (4);     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net assets
               receivables of                    V. 7.2, (5)      attributable to shareholders of the listed company
               significance during the
               Year
              Significant accounts              V. 28, (2);     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net assets
                payable/contract                V. 30, (2);       attributable to shareholders of the listed company
                liabilities/other payables      V. 33.2, (2)
                with an aging of over
                one year or overdue
              Significant cash received/         V. 65, (2)     Individual amount accounts for 5% of cash inflow/
                paid in relation to                               outflow from/to investing activities of listed
                investing activities                              companies
              Important overseas                 V. 67, (2)     Subsidiaries with normal business operations and with
                business entities                                 their net assets accounting for over 0.5% of the
                                                                  Group’s consolidated net assets
              Main components of the             VIII. 1, (1)   Subsidiaries with normal business operations and with
               enterprise group                                   their net assets accounting for over 0.5% of the
                                                                  Group’s consolidated net assets
              Important non-wholly-              VIII. 1, (2)   Subsidiaries with their net assets accounting for over
                owned subsidiaries                                15% of the Group’s consolidated net assets




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   137
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         6.       Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under and not under common
                  control

                 (1)        Business combinations involving entities under common control

                            A business combination under common control means that the entities involved in the
                            combination are under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                            combination and that such control is not temporary.

                            The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination
                            under common control are measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged
                            party in the consolidated statements of the ultimate controller. The difference between the
                            carrying amount of net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the combination consideration
                            paid (or the total par value of the issued shares) shall be adjusted in capital reserve; if the
                            capital reserve is not sufficient for offsetting, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.

                 (2)        Business combinations involving entities not under common control

                            A business combination not under common control means that the parties involved in the
                            combination are not under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                            combination.

                            The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained by the Group as
                            an acquirer in a business combination not under common control shall be measured at fair value
                            on the acquisition date. Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of the fair
                            value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill; where
                            the cost of combination is less than the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s
                            identifiable net assets, the fair values of all the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                            liabilities obtained in the business combination and the cost of combination shall be firstly
                            reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination is still less than the acquirer’s share of
                            the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the business combination, the difference
                            shall be included in the consolidated non-operating revenue for the period.

         7.       Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements

                  The consolidation scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is determined based on
                  control, including the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company (including the divisible
                  parts of enterprises and investees, as well as structured entities controlled by enterprises). The standard
                  for judging control by the Group is that the Group has the power over the investee, enjoys variable
                  returns through participating in related activities of the investee, and is able to use the power over the
                  investee to influence its return amount.

                  When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy or the accounting
                  period that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to
                  the financial statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policy or accounting period
                  of the Company.

                  The impact of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries
                  on the consolidated financial statements shall be offset at the time of consolidation. Proportion of
                  shareholder’s equity of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of profit
                  or loss for current period, other comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which belong
                  to the equity of minority shareholders shall be listed under “equity of minority shareholders, gain or
                  loss attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders
                  and total comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders” in the consolidated financial
                  statements.


138    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       7.     Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

              For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results
              and cash flows of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the
              beginning of the period of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements,
              adjustment shall be made to the related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding as
              the reporting subject which was formed after combination has existed since the ultimate controller
              started control.

              For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results
              and cash flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained its
              control. When preparing consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial
              statements of the subsidiaries using the fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
              liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of acquisition.

       8.     Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

              Joint arrangements of the Group include joint operation and joint venture. Joint operation refers to a
              joint arrangement in which the joint venturers enjoy the assets and assume the liabilities associated
              with the arrangement. Joint venture refers to a joint arrangement in which the joint venturers only have
              rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

              As for joint operation projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises
              assets and liabilities that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds or
              assume in proportion, and related income and fees will be recognized according to the related agreed
              individual or in proportion assets and liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or sold
              under joint operation that do not constitute business, only the profit or loss incurred from that
              transaction attributable to the other parties under the joint operation is recognized.

       9.     Cash and cash equivalents

              Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank
              available for payment at any time. Cash equivalents in the cash flow statement represent investments
              which are held for less than three months, highly liquid and are readily convertible to known amounts
              of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of value change.

       10.    Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

             (1)     Foreign currency transactions

                     When foreign currency transactions of the Group are initially recognised, the amount in foreign
                     currency shall be translated into the reporting currency at the approximate exchange rate of the
                     spot exchange rate on the date when the transactions take place. As at the balance sheet date,
                     foreign currency monetary items are translated into the reporting currency using the spot
                     exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation differences arising thereon are directly
                     included in the profit or loss for the period, except that exchange differences arising from
                     specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the construction or production of a
                     qualifying asset for capitalisation are dealt with based on the capitalisation principle. Foreign
                     currency non-monetary items measured at historical cost are still translated using the spot
                     exchange rate on the transaction date, without changing their reporting currency amount.
                     Foreign currency non-monetary items measured at fair value are translated using the spot
                     exchange rate on the date of fair value determination. The difference between the translated
                     amount in reporting currency and the original amount in reporting currency is treated as changes
                     in fair value (including exchange rate changes) and included in the profit or loss for current
                     period. The capital from investors in foreign currency is translated using the spot exchange rate
                     on the transaction date, and there is no foreign currency capital translation difference between
                     the foreign currency investment and the reporting currency amount of corresponding monetary
                     item.

                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   139
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         10.     Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency
                 (continued)

                 (2)        Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                            When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group translates the financial
                            statements on overseas operations into RMB, in which, asset and liability items in the balance
                            sheet denominated in foreign currency are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on the
                            balance sheet date; the owners’ equity items, except for the “undistributed profits”, are
                            translated at the spot exchange rate when a business takes place; income and expense items in
                            the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate or approximate exchange rate on
                            the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences arising from the above
                            translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented in other comprehensive
                            income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot exchange
                            rate or approximate exchange rate on the date when the cash flow occurs. Effects on cash arising
                            from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash flow statement.

         11.      Financial instruments

                 (1)        Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                            The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the
                            contractual provisions of a financial instrument.

                            A financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets) shall
                            be derecognised, i.e., the financial assets previously recognised to be written off from its
                            balance sheet, if the following conditions are satisfied: 1) the right to collect cash flows from
                            the financial asset expires; 2) the Group has transferred the right to collect cash flows from the
                            financial asset, or assumed the obligation under a “transfer agreement” to timely pay the
                            collected cash flows to a third party in full; and the Group has substantially transferred almost
                            all the risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset, or relinquished control over such
                            financial asset even though it has neither substantially transferred nor retained almost all the
                            risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset.

                            If the obligation for financial liabilities has been fulfilled, revoked or expired, the financial
                            liabilities shall be derecognised. If the existing financial liability is replaced by another
                            financial liability with substantially different terms by the same creditor, or if the terms of the
                            existing liability are substantially modified, such replacement or modification shall be treated as
                            derecognition of original liability and recognition of new liability, and the difference shall be
                            included in the profit or loss for current period.

                            The financial assets acquired or sold in a conventional manner shall be recognised and
                            derecognised according to the accounting on the transaction date. The transaction date is the
                            date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell a financial asset.

                 (2)        Classification and measurement of financial assets

                            At the time of initial recognition, the Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at
                            amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
                            assets at fair value through profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial
                            assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. All affected related
                            financial assets will be reclassified only when the Group changes its business model for
                            managing financial assets.




140    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.    Financial instruments (continued)

             (2)    Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                     When judging the business model, the Group considers the methods of enterprise evaluation and
                     reporting financial asset performance to key management personnel, the risks affecting financial
                     asset performance and their management methods, as well as the compensation obtainment
                     methods of relevant business management personnel. When evaluating whether to target the
                     collection of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to analyse and judge the reason, time,
                     frequency and value of the sale of financial assets before their maturity date.

                     When judging the characteristics of contractual cash flow, the Group needs to determine whether
                     the contractual cash flow is only for the payment of principal and interest based on unpaid
                     principal. When evaluating the correction of the time value of money, it is necessary to judge
                     whether there is a significant difference compared to the benchmark cash flow. For financial
                     assets with prepayment characteristics, it is necessary to judge whether the fair value of
                     prepayment characteristics is very low.

                     Financial assets are measured at fair value upon initial recognition, but if the accounts
                     receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale of goods or provision of services do not
                     include significant financing components or do not consider financing components for a period
                     not exceeding one year, they are initially measured at the transaction price.

                     As for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are directly
                     included in profit or loss for the period; as for other kinds of financial assets, relevant
                     transaction costs are included in their initial recognition amount.

                     The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification:

                     1)     Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                            financial assets measured at amortised cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a
                            business model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; and ②
                            the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
                            are solely the payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                            Interest income from such financial assets is recognised using the effective interest
                            method, and any gains or losses arising from derecognition, modification or impairment
                            are included in the profit or loss for current period. The Group’s financial assets in this
                            category mainly include: currency funds, accounts receivable, notes receivable, other
                            receivables, etc.

                     2)     Investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                            financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets
                            are managed by the Group within a business model whose objective is achieved both by
                            collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual
                            terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely
                            payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The interest
                            income on such financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. Except
                            for interest income, impairment losses and exchange differences, other changes in fair
                            value are recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial
                            assets, the cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income
                            shall be transferred out and be included in the profit or loss for the period. The Group’s
                            financial assets in this category mainly include: receivables financing.

                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   141
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (2)        Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                            3)     Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                   The Group irrevocably designates part of the investments in equity instruments not held
                                   for trading as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The
                                   Group only recognises relevant dividend income (except for dividend income that is
                                   clearly recovered as part of the investment cost) in profit or loss for the period, and
                                   subsequent changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive income without
                                   making the provision for impairment. Upon derecognition of the financial assets, the
                                   cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income shall be
                                   transferred out and be included in retained earnings. The Group’s financial assets in this
                                   category are investments in other equity instruments.

                            4)     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                   Other than the above financial assets classified as financial assets measured at amortised
                                   cost and those classified or designated as financial assets at fair value through other
                                   comprehensive income, the Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets at fair
                                   value through profit or loss for the period. Such financial assets are subsequently
                                   measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the
                                   period except for those related to hedge accounting. The Group’s financial assets in this
                                   category mainly include: financial assets held for trading.

                 (3)        Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                            Except for the signed financial guarantee contracts, the loan commitments at a rate lower than
                            the market interest rate, and financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which the
                            transfer does not meet the conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the
                            transferred financial assets, the Group classifies its financial liabilities as financial liabilities at
                            fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost at the time
                            of initial recognition. As for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, relevant
                            transaction costs are directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for financial liabilities
                            measured at amortised cost, relevant transaction costs are included in their initial recognition
                            amount.

                            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification:

                            1)     Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised using the effective interest
                                   method and subsequently measured at amortised cost.




142    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.    Financial instruments (continued)

             (3)    Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)

                     2)     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                            Financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are financial liabilities) at fair
                            value through profit or loss include held-for-trading financial liabilities and financial
                            liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial
                            recognition. Held-for-trading financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are
                            financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, with all changes in fair
                            value included in profit or loss for the period, except for those related to hedge
                            accounting. Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or
                            loss are subsequently measured at fair value, with other changes in fair value included in
                            profit or loss for the period, except that the changes in fair value arising from changes in
                            the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. If fair value
                            changes caused by changes in the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other
                            comprehensive income, which would result in or amplify an accounting mismatch in
                            profit or loss, the Group will recognise all fair value changes (including the amount
                            affected by changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss for current period.

             (4)    Impairment of financial instruments

                     Based on expected credit losses, the Group conducts impairment treatment and recognises loss
                     provisions for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured at fair
                     value with changes recognised in other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease
                     receivables, loan commitments, and financial guarantee contracts.

                     1)     Measurement of the expected credit losses

                            Expected credit loss refers to the weighted average of credit losses of financial
                            instruments weighted by the risk of default. Credit loss refers to the present value of all
                            cash shortages, which is the difference between all contractual cash flows receivable
                            under the contract and all expected cash flows received, discounted at the original
                            effective interest rate by the Group.

                            The expected credit loss throughout the expected lifespan refers to the expected credit
                            loss caused by all possible default events that may occur during the expected lifespan of
                            a financial instrument. Expected credit loss within the next 12 months refers to the
                            expected credit loss that may occur due to a financial instrument default event within 12
                            months after the balance sheet date (if the expected duration of the financial instrument
                            is less than 12 months, it is the expected duration), and is a part of the expected credit
                            loss for the entire duration.

                            For receivables such as accounts receivable, notes receivable and receivables financing,
                            as well as contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component and are
                            generated from ordinary operating activities, such as sales of goods and rendering of
                            services, the Company applies a simplified measurement methodology to measure the
                            provision for losses at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the entire
                            duration.

                            For lease receivables, receivables and contract assets with significant financing
                            components, the Company elects to apply a simplified measurement methodology to
                            measure the provision for losses at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the
                            entire duration.


                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   143
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (4)        Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                            1)    Measurement of the expected credit losses (continued)

                                  Except for financial assets that adopt simplified measurement methods as mentioned
                                  above (such as debt investments, other debt investments and other receivables), the
                                  Group adopts the general method (three-stage method) to calculate expected credit losses.
                                  On each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether its credit risk has significantly
                                  increased since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not significantly increased since
                                  initial recognition and is in the first stage, the Group measures the provision for losses
                                  based on an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the next 12 months, and
                                  calculates interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit
                                  risk has significantly increased since initial recognition but credit impairment has not yet
                                  occurred, in the second stage, the Group measures loss provisions at an amount
                                  equivalent to the expected credit loss over the entire existence period, and calculates
                                  interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit impairment
                                  occurs after initial recognition, in the third stage, the Group measures the provision for
                                  losses at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the entire existence period,
                                  and calculates interest income at amortized cost and actual interest rate.

                                  For financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date, the Group
                                  assumes that their credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition.
                                  Please refer to Note X. 1 for the disclosure of the criteria for significantly increasing
                                  credit risk and the definition of credit impairment assets that have occurred in the Group.

                                  When assessing the impairment of financial instruments and contract assets using the
                                  expected credit loss model, the Group infers expected changes in the debtor’s credit risk
                                  based on historical repayment data combined with economic policies, macroeconomic
                                  indicators, industry risks, and other factors. Different estimates may affect the provision
                                  for impairment, and the accrued provision for impairment may not be equal to the actual
                                  amount of future impairment losses.

                            2)    Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                                  credit risk characteristics

                                  The Group evaluates the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on
                                  individual and combination. When evaluating on a combination basis, the Group divides
                                  financial instruments into different groups based on common credit risk characteristics.
                                  The common credit risk characteristics adopted by the Group include: financial
                                  instrument type, credit risk rating, debtor’s geographical location, debtor’s industry,
                                  overdue information, aging of accounts receivable, etc.




144    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.    Financial instruments (continued)

             (4)    Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                     2)     Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                            credit risk characteristics (continued)

                            ①      Combination categories and determination basis of accounts receivable and
                                   contract assets

                                   Based on information such as the aging of accounts receivable and contract assets,
                                   overdue aging, nature of accounts, credit risk exposure, and historical collection
                                   status, the Group classifies them as follows according to the similarity and
                                   correlation of credit risk characteristics:

                                   Item                        Basis for determination of groups

                                   aging group                 This group uses the aging of receivables as the credit
                                                                 risk characteristics

                                   Counterparties              This group is based on receivables from related
                                     relationship group          parties

                                   Other group                 This group is based on accounts receivable from
                                                                 special business


                            ②      Combination categories and determination basis of notes receivable

                                   Based on the common risk characteristics of the acceptor credit risk of notes
                                   receivable, the Group classifies them into different combinations and determines
                                   the accounting estimate policy for expected credit losses as follows:

                                   Item                        Basis for determination of groups

                                   Bank acceptance notes       Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk. The
                                                                Group identifies these receivables as having a low
                                                                credit risk and does not recognise their expected
                                                                credit losses

                                   Commercial acceptance       Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as
                                     notes                       accounts receivable)




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   145
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (4)        Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                            2)    Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                                  credit risk characteristics (continued)

                                  ③      Grouping of other receivables and basis of determination

                                         The Group’s other receivables mainly include deposits and guarantee deposits
                                         receivable, amounts due from related parties. Based on the nature of receivables
                                         and the credit risk characteristics of different counterparties, other than other
                                         receivables which are individually assessed for credit risk, they are categorised
                                         into different portfolios based on their credit risk characteristics:

                                         Item                         Basis for determination of groups

                                         aging group                  This group uses the aging of other receivables as the
                                                                        credit risk characteristics

                                         Counterparties               This group is based on other receivables from related
                                           relationship group           parties

                                         Other group                  This group is based on other receivables from special
                                                                        business

                            3)    Criteria for judging individual provision for bad debt impairment provision

                                  If a customer’s credit risk features are significantly different from others in the portfolio
                                  or have significantly changed, for example, the customer is in severe financial difficulty,
                                  the expected credit loss rate of the receivables from the customer has been significantly
                                  higher than the expected credit loss rate of the customer’s aging and overdue ranges, etc.,
                                  the Group makes a provision for loss on the basis of a single loss provision for the
                                  receivables from the customer.

                            4)    Write-off of impairment provision

                                  When the Group no longer has a reasonable expectation that it will be able to recover, in
                                  whole or in part, the contractual cash flows from a financial asset, the Group directly
                                  writes down the carrying amount of the financial asset. If the written-down financial
                                  asset is subsequently recovered, the reversal of the impairment loss is recognised in
                                  profit or loss in the period in which it is recovered.




146    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.    Financial instruments (continued)

             (5)    Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                     For financial asset transfer transactions, if the Group has transferred almost all the risks and
                     rewards of ownership of the financial asset to the transferee, the recognition of the financial
                     asset shall be terminated. If almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial
                     assets are retained, the recognition of such financial assets shall not be terminated; If almost all
                     risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets have not been transferred or
                     retained, and control over the financial asset has been relinquished, the recognition of the
                     financial asset and the recognition of the resulting assets and liabilities shall be terminated. If
                     control over the financial asset has not been relinquished, relevant financial asset shall be
                     recognised based on its continued involvement in the transferred financial assets, with
                     corresponding liabilities recognised.

                     If the whole transfer of the financial asset meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference
                     between the carrying amount of the transferred financial asset at the date of derecognition and
                     the sum of the consideration received for the transfer and the accumulative amount of fair value
                     changes originally recorded into other comprehensive income which is relevant to the portion of
                     derecognition (the transferred financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the
                     Group’s financial assets are managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both
                     by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of
                     the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                     and interest on the principal amount outstanding.) is included in the profit or loss for the period.

                     If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the entire
                     carrying amount of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which is derecognised
                     and the portion which is not, apportioned according to their respective relative fair value, and
                     the difference between the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the
                     accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value originally included in other comprehensive
                     income which shall be apportioned to the derecognised portion (the transferred financial asset
                     shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are managed within a
                     business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and
                     selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific
                     dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount
                     outstanding), and the apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets are included
                     in the profit or loss for the period.

                     For those who continue to be involved by providing financial guarantees for the transferred
                     financial assets, the assets formed by further involvement shall be recognised based on the lower
                     of the book value of the financial assets and the amount of financial guarantees. The financial
                     guarantee amount refers to the highest amount of consideration received that will be required to
                     be repaid.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   147
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (6)        Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                            The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles: (1)
                            Where the Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial asset to
                            fulfil a contractual obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a financial
                            liability. Although some financial instruments do not explicitly include the terms and conditions
                            imposing the contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset, they may
                            indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms and conditions. (2) Where a
                            financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument, consideration
                            shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the instrument is a
                            substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets of an entity after
                            deducting all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the issuer’s financial
                            liability; in the latter case, the instrument shall be the equity instrument of the issuer. Under
                            certain circumstances whereby a financial instrument contract stipulates that the Group will or
                            may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial instrument, and the amount of the
                            contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity instruments to be received
                            or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract shall be
                            classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual right or
                            obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable other
                            than the market price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate, a
                            commodity price or a financial instrument price).

                            When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial
                            statements, the Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the
                            Group and the holders of the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation in
                            respect of the instrument to settle it by delivering cash or another financial asset or in such a
                            way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument shall be classified as a financial
                            liability.

                 (7)        Derivative financial instruments

                            The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts,
                            commodity forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, to hedge exchange rate risk, commodity
                            price risk, and interest rate risk, respectively. Derivative financial instruments are initially
                            measured at their fair value on the date of signing the derivative transaction contract, and
                            subsequently measured at their fair value. Derivative financial instruments with a positive fair
                            value are recognised as an asset, while those with a negative fair value are recognised as a
                            liability.

                            Except for those related to hedge accounting, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value
                            of derivative instruments are directly included in the profit or loss for current period.

                 (8)        Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                            Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the balance
                            sheet and shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met, a financial
                            asset and a financial liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in the balance
                            sheet: ① the Group has a legal right that is currently enforceable to set off the recognised
                            amount, and ② the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the financial asset
                            and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




148    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       12.    Inventories

              The Group’s inventories mainly include raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, etc.

              Inventories are initially measured at cost. Inventory costs include purchase costs, processing costs and
              other costs. The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Actual cost is calculated using weighted
              average method when the inventories are received or delivered. Low-value consumables and packaged
              goods are amortised using one-time resale method.

              Inventories are measured at the lower of their cost and net realisable value on the balance sheet date. If
              the cost of inventories is higher than their net realisable value, a provision for decline in value of
              inventories will be made and included in profit or loss for the period. Net realisable value refers to the
              estimated selling price of inventories in daily activities, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till
              completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

              The Group makes provisions for decline in value of inventories on the basis of individual inventory
              items. Net realisable value of the inventories of goods directly used for sale, such as finished goods,
              work in process and materials for sale, is determined by the estimated selling price of such inventories,
              minus the estimated selling expenses and related taxes; net realisable value of the inventories of
              materials held for production is determined by the estimated selling price of finished goods produced,
              minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

       13.    Contract assets and contract liabilities

             (1)     Contract assets

                     A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage
                     of time, to receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a
                     customer. For method of determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of
                     contract assets, please refer to relevant contents in “Note III. 11. (4) Impairment of financial
                     instruments” described above.

             (2)     Contract liabilities

                     A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the
                     Company has received or should receive consideration from the customer.

                     Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract are shown on a net basis.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   149
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         14.      Assets relating to contract costs

                 (1)        Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                            The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract
                            acquisition cost. According to the liquidity, contract performance costs are presented separately
                            in inventory and other non-current assets, while contract acquisition costs are presented
                            separately in other current assets and other non-current assets.

                            Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which
                            does not fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, such as
                            inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and meets all of the following conditions, which is
                            recognised as an asset as contract performance cost: the costs relate directly to an existing
                            contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract, including direct labour, direct
                            materials, manufacturing costs (or similar costs), costs that are explicitly chargeable to the
                            customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract; the
                            costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in
                            the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.

                            Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which
                            is expected to be recoverable and which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If
                            the amortisation period of such asset is no more than one year, the Group chooses the simplified
                            treatment of including such contract acquisition cost in profit or loss as incurred. Incremental
                            cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by the Group had no contract been acquired
                            (such as commission, etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group to obtain contracts (other than
                            the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as travelling expenses which
                            will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained) are included in profit or
                            loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

                 (2)        Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                            The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for
                            recognition of the revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

                 (3)        Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                            If the carrying amount of the Group’s assets relating to contract costs is higher than the
                            difference between the following two items, the Group makes a provision for impairment and
                            recognises the excess as an asset impairment loss: ① the remaining consideration expected to be
                            received from transfer of the goods relating to the asset; and ② the cost expected to be incurred
                            for transfer of the relevant goods. After the provision for impairment is made, if the factors of
                            impairment in previous periods change so that the difference between the above two is higher
                            than the carrying amount of the asset, the original provision for impairment of the asset is
                            reversed and included in profit or loss for the period, provided that the carrying amount of the
                            asset after the reversal does not exceed the carrying amount of the asset at the date of reversal
                            assuming no provision for impairment being made.




150    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       15.    Long-term equity investments

              Long-term equity investments of the Group include the investments in subsidiaries, investments in
              associates and equity investments in joint ventures.

             (1)    Determination of significant influence and common control

                     The Group’s investment in associates refers to the equity investment that has a significant
                     influence on the investee. Significant influence means that the Group has the power to
                     participate in decision-making on the financial and operational policies of the investee, but
                     cannot control or jointly control the formulation of these policies with other parties. When the
                     Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20% (inclusive) or more but less
                     than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that the Group has
                     significant influence on the investee, unless there is clear evidence that the Group cannot
                     participate in the production and operation decisions of the investee or form control over the
                     investee. For voting rights less than 20% in the investee, the Group considers that the board or
                     representative in similar authority in the investee/the implementation processes of financial and
                     operation policies of investee which have also been taken into account/significant transaction
                     with the investee/management personnel sent to the investee/significant technology information
                     provided to the investee has significant influence to the investee.

                     The equity investment in a joint venture refers to the investment in which the Group exercises
                     joint control with other joint venture parties over the investee and has the power over the net
                     assets of the investee. Joint control refers to the shared control over a certain arrangement in
                     accordance with relevant agreements, and the related activities of the arrangement must be
                     unanimously agreed upon by the participating parties who share control before decision-making
                     can be made. Basis for determination in respect of common control is that all participating
                     parties or a group of participating parties control such arrangement, and that policies of such
                     related business of such arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that
                     control such arrangement.

             (2)    Accounting treatment method

                     The Group initially measures the long-term equity investments obtained based on the initial
                     investment cost.

                     For long-term equity investments obtained through business combination under common control,
                     proportion of carrying amount of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the
                     consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial
                     investment cost. For carrying amount of net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date
                     of combination, investment cost of long-term equity investment is calculated as zero.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   151
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         15.      Long-term equity investments (continued)

                 (2)        Accounting treatment method (continued)

                            For long-term equity investments acquired through business combination not under common
                            control, cost of combination will be treated as the initial investment cost;

                            Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination, for long-
                            term equity investments acquired by cash payment, the initial investment cost shall be based on
                            the actual purchase price paid and the expenses, taxes and other necessary expenditures directly
                            related to the acquisition of long-term equity investments. For long-term equity investments
                            acquired by issuing equity securities, the cost of investment is the fair value of the equity
                            securities issued;

                            The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in individual financial statements
                            using cost method. When the cost method is used, long-term equity investments are measured at
                            their initial investment cost. When making additional investment, carrying amount of the long-
                            term equity investments will be increased according to the fair value of cost of additional
                            investment and the related expenses incurred by related transactions. For cash dividend or profit
                            paid by the investee, it shall be recognised as investment income for current period using the
                            amount which it entitles.

                            The Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity
                            method. When using the equity method, if the initial investment cost of a long-term equity
                            investment exceeds the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that
                            should be enjoyed at the time of investment, the book value of the long-term equity investment
                            shall not be adjusted. If the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment is less than
                            the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that should be enjoyed at
                            the time of investment, the difference shall be adjusted to the book value of the long-term equity
                            investment and included in the profit or loss for current investment period.

                            For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under
                            equity method, carrying amount of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased
                            accordingly according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee during the
                            investment period. When determining the amount of proportion of net profit or loss in the
                            investee which it entitles, fair value of each identifiable asset of the investee at the time when
                            the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and according to the accounting policies and
                            accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss incurred in internal transaction
                            between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which is attributable to the
                            Group according to the shareholding (if internal transaction losses belong to asset impairment
                            losses, they shall be fully recognised), and recognised after adjustment is made to the net profit
                            of the investee. The Group recognises the net loss incurred by the investee, with the book value
                            of long-term equity investments and other long-term equity essentially constituting the net
                            investment in the investee reduced to zero, except for the obligation of the Group to bear
                            additional losses.

         16.      Investment properties

                  The Group’s investment properties refer to the real estate held for the purpose of earning rent or capital
                  appreciation, or for both, which comprise rented out houses, buildings and land. They are measured
                  using the cost model.

                  The Group’s investment property is depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for houses,
                  buildings or land use rights.




152    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       17.    Fixed assets

              Fixed assets of the Group are tangible assets that are held for production of goods or provision of
              services, leasing to others, or for administrative purposes, with a useful life over one accounting year.

              Fixed assets are recognised when it is probable that the related economic benefits will flow to the
              Group and the costs can be reliably measured. Fixed assets of the Group comprise offshore land,
              buildings and structures, machinery equipment, electronic equipment, appliances and furniture,
              transportation equipment.

              Apart from fixed assets which are provided in full and continue to be in use and lands that are
              accounted separately, the Group made provision for all the fixed assets. The Group made provision for
              depreciation using straight-line method. The useful life, estimated residual value ratio and depreciation
              rate of fixed assets of the Group are classified as below:

                                                                                         Estimated rate             Annual
                                                                           Useful life       of residual       depreciation
              No.    Category                                                  (year)         value (%)           rates (%)

              1      Offshore land                                         Unlimited     Not applicable       Not applicable
              2      Buildings and structures                                  20-50               0-10                1.8-5
              3      Machinery equipment                                        5-20               3-10             4.5-19.4
              4      Electronic equipment, appliances and furniture             3-10               0-10              9-33.33
              5      Transportation equipment                                   5-10               3-10               9-19.4


              The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life, estimated rate of salvage value and the
              depreciation method of fixed assets at each financial year-end. If any changes occur, they will be
              regarded as changes on accounting estimates.

       18.    Construction in progress

              The cost of construction in progress is determined based on actual project expenses, including
              necessary project expenses and other related expenses incurred during the construction period.

              Construction in progress is transferred to the fixed assets when the assets are ready for their intended
              use at an estimated amount based on the project budget, price or actual cost of construction.
              Depreciation is calculated from the next month of the transfer. The original value of the fixed asset is
              adjusted when the construction finalisation procedures are completed.

              Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it reaches its intended usable state, with the
              following standards:

              Item                                  Standards for transferring to fixed assets

              Buildings and structures              Completion acceptance/actual start of use (Whichever is earlier)
              Machinery and equipment               Completion of installation, debugging and acceptance




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   153
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         19.      Borrowing costs

                  The Group will capitalise the borrowing costs that can be directly attributed to the construction or
                  production of assets eligible for capitalisation, and include them in the relevant asset costs. Other
                  borrowing costs will be recognised in the profit or loss for current period. The assets eligible for
                  capitalisation as determined by the Group include borrowing costs for fixed assets, investment
                  properties and inventories that require more than one year of construction or production activities to
                  reach their intended usable or saleable condition. Capitalisation starts when the assets expenses and
                  borrowing costs have been incurred and the construction or production activities for making the assets
                  reach their intended usable or saleable condition have started; capitalisation stops when the constructed
                  or produced assets eligible for capitalisation conditions have reached their intended usable or saleable
                  condition. Borrowing costs incurred afterwards are included into the profit or loss for current period. If
                  assets eligible for capitalisation conditions interrupt abnormally during construction or production
                  progress, and such interruption lasts for more than three consecutive months, capitalisation of
                  borrowing costs shall be suspended until construction of assets or production activities resume.

                  During each accounting period within the capitalisation period, the Group recognises the capitalised
                  amount of borrowing costs using the following method: The capitalised amount of borrowing costs,
                  accrued from the funds borrowed under a specific purpose, is the actual interest expense incurred on
                  that borrowing for the period less any bank interest earned from depositing the borrowed funds before
                  being used on the asset or any investment income on the temporary investment of those funds. The
                  Group determines the capitalised amount of borrowing costs, accrued from the funds borrowed under a
                  general purpose, by applying a capitalisation rate to the weighted average of the excess of cumulative
                  expenditures on the asset over the amounts of specific purpose borrowings. The capitalisation rate shall
                  be calculated and determined according to the weighted average interest rate of the general borrowing.

         20.      Intangible asset

                  The Group’s intangible assets include land use right, trademark right, patented technology, sales
                  channel, etc. Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible
                  assets, actual paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets
                  invested by investors, the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment
                  contract or agreement, while for the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is
                  determined at the fair value. Intangible assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are
                  owned by the acquiree but not recognised in its financial statements are recognised and measured at fair
                  value on initial recognition.

                 (1)        Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                            procedure

                            Land use rights are evenly amortised over their lease terms from the date of transfer. Other
                            intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful life, stipulated
                            beneficial year by contract, and legal available year. The useful lives of the Group’s intangible
                            assets with limited useful lives are as follows:




154    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       20.    Intangible asset (continued)

             (1)    Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                    procedure (continued)

                                                                                                              Useful lives
                     Items                                                                                         (years)

                     Land use rights                                                                                  20-70
                     Trademark rights                                                                                     5
                     Proprietary technology                                                                              10
                     Sales channels                                                                                      10
                     Others                                                                                            3-10

                     Explanation: The useful life of land use right is recognized according to the term of the transfer.

                     The amount amortised is charged to the cost of the related assets and to current profit or loss on
                     the basis of the beneficiary of the assets. The estimated useful lives and amortisation methods of
                     intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at the end of each year, and any changes
                     are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

                     The Group will review the useful lives on those intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at
                     each of the accounting period. If there are evidences showing that the intangible assets can bring
                     economic benefit for the Company within the foreseeable period, the Company shall estimate
                     the useful life and carry out amortization according to the amortization policy for intangible
                     assets with finite useful life.

             (2)    Scope of R&D expenditure collection and related accounting treatment methods

                     The scope of R&D expenditures of the Group cover employee salaries of R&D personnel, direct
                     investment expenses, depreciation and deferred expenses, other expenses, etc.

                     The Group classifies the expenditures on internal research and development projects into
                     expenditure at the research phase and expenditure at the development phase based on the nature
                     of the expenditures and whether there is great uncertainty for the research and development
                     activities to ultimately form into intangible assets. Expenditure at the research phase is
                     recognised in profit or loss for the period when it is incurred. Expenditure at the development
                     phase is capitalised when all of the following conditions are satisfied at the same time: As
                     assessed by the Group, it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be
                     available for use or sale; the Group intends to complete and use or sell the intangible asset; the
                     intangible asset is expected to bring economic benefits to the Group; the Group has adequate
                     technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and has the ability to use
                     or sell the intangible asset; and the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset at its
                     development phase can be reliably measured. Expenditure at the development phase that fails to
                     meet the conditions for capitalisation is recognised in the profit or loss when incurred.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   155
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         21.      Impairment of long-term assets

                  The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties
                  measured by the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and intangible
                  assets with limited useful lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is indication that there is
                  impairment, the Group would perform impairment test. Impairment test should be made for goodwill,
                  intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the year end regardless of whether there is indication of
                  impairment loss.

                 (1)        Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (excluding goodwill)

                            When conducting impairment testing, the Group determines its recoverable amount based on the
                            higher of the net amount after deducting disposal expenses from the fair value of the asset and
                            the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset. After impairment testing, if the
                            book value of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the difference is recognised as
                            impairment loss.

                            The Group estimates its recoverable amount based on individual assets. If it is difficult to
                            estimate the recoverable amount of individual assets, the recoverable amount shall be
                            determined based on the asset group to which the asset belongs. The recognition of an asset
                            group is based on whether the main cash inflows generated by the asset group are independent
                            of the cash inflows of other assets or asset groups.

                            The net amount after deducting disposal costs from fair value is determined by referring to the
                            agreed price for the sales of a similar asset in an orderly transaction occurring at the
                            measurement date or observable market price of similar assets in fair trade, minus the
                            incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of the asset. When estimating the present
                            value of future cash flows, the management determines the present value based on the expected
                            future cash flows to be generated from the continued use of the asset and its eventual disposal
                            and select an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of future cash flows.
                            Please refer to Note V. 19 for details.

                 (2)        Impairment of goodwill

                            The Group shall amortise the book value of the goodwill formed by the merger of enterprises to
                            the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from the date of purchase. If it is difficult to
                            amortise to the relevant asset groups, it shall be amortised to the relevant asset group
                            combinations. When conducting impairment tests on asset groups or asset group combinations
                            related to goodwill, if there are signs of impairment in the asset groups or asset group
                            combinations related to goodwill, the Group shall first conduct impairment tests on the asset
                            groups or asset group combinations that do not contain goodwill, calculate the recoverable
                            amount, compare it with the relevant book value, and recognise the corresponding impairment
                            losses. Then the Group shall conduct impairment tests on asset groups or asset group
                            combinations containing goodwill, comparing the book value with the recoverable amount. If the
                            recoverable amount is lower than the book value, the impairment loss amount is first offset
                            against the book value of goodwill amortised to the asset group or asset group combination.
                            Then, based on the proportion of the book value of assets other than goodwill in the asset group
                            or asset group combination, the book value of other assets is proportionally offset.

                            The methods, parameters and assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill are detailed in
                            Note V. 20.

                            An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent
                            accounting period.




156    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       22.    Long-term prepaid expenses

              Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be
              recognised as expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Such expenses
              are amortised on average during the benefit period. If a long-term prepaid expense item cannot benefit
              subsequent accounting periods, the amortised value of the item that has not yet been amortised shall be
              fully transferred to the profit or loss for current period.

       23.    Employee remuneration

              Employee remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment
              benefits, termination benefits and other long-term benefits.

              Short-term remuneration mainly includes staff salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare,
              medical insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium,
              housing provident funds, union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary welfare
              etc. Short-term remuneration incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided services
              is recognised as a liability, and included in profit or loss for the current period or as related asset cost
              in accordance with beneficiaries.

              Post-employment benefits mainly include pension insurance premium and unemployment insurance
              premium. According to the Company’s risks and obligations, they are classified as defined contribution
              plans and defined benefit plans. As for the defined contribution plans, the contributions which are made
              for individual subjects in exchange for the staff’s services rendered in the accounting period shall be
              recognized as liabilities on the balance sheet date and included in profits or losses in the current period
              or relevant asset costs according to the beneficiaries.

              The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme which requires contributions to be made to an
              independently managed fund. No fund has been injected to the scheme, and the cost of providing the
              benefit under the defined benefit scheme is based on the expected cumulative benefit unit method. Re
              measurements arising from the defined benefit pension scheme, including actuarial gains or losses,
              changes in the impact of asset ceilings (net of amounts included in net interest on net liabilities for the
              defined benefit scheme) and returns on assets under the scheme (net of amounts included in net interest
              on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) shall be recognised immediately in the balance sheet.
              They shall be included in the shareholders’ equity through other comprehensive income for the period
              in which they occur, and not reversed to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The Group recognises past
              service costs as current expenses on the date of modification of the defined benefit scheme or the date
              of recognition of relevant restructuring expenses or dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier. Net interest
              is calculated by multiplying the net amount of liabilities or assets under the defined benefit scheme by
              the discount rate. The Group recognises in profit or loss the following changes in the net obligations
              under the defined benefit scheme: service costs, including current service cost, past service cost and
              settlement gains or losses; and net interest, including interest income on assets under the scheme,
              interest expenses on obligations under the scheme and interest affected by asset ceiling.

              Dismissal benefits arise from the Company’s decision to terminate the employment relationship with
              employees before the expiration of labour contracts or offer compensation to encourage employees to
              voluntarily accept layoffs. When the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the dismissal benefits
              provided due to termination of the employment relationship or the proposal for layoffs, or when the
              Company recognises the costs or expenses related to the restructuring involving the payment of
              dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier, an employee compensation liability arising from dismissal
              benefits shall be recognised and included in the current profit or loss. The compensation payments
              made for more than one year shall be included in the current profit or loss after discounted at an
              appropriate discount rate.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   157
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         24.      Accrued liabilities

                  The Group recognises it as a liability when an obligation pertinent to contingencies such as pending
                  litigation or arbitration, product quality assurance on guaranteed products, etc. simultaneously meets
                  the following conditions: The obligation is a current obligation borne by the Group; it is likely that an
                  outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from the performance of the obligation; and the amount
                  of the obligation can be reliably measured.

                  Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the necessary expenses required for the
                  performance of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks, uncertainties, time value
                  of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the current best estimates
                  and makes adjustments to the carrying amount of the accrued liabilities on the balance sheet date.

                  Contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired in a business combination not under common control are
                  measured at fair value at the time of initial recognition and be subsequently measured at the higher of
                  the recognised amount of accrued liabilities or the balance after deducting the accumulated amortisation
                  amount determined by the revenue recognition principle from the initial recognition amount.

                  Provisions expected to be settled within one year from the balance sheet date are presented as current
                  liabilities.

         25.      Share-based payments

                  The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on
                  the fair value of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled
                  share-based payment can be vested immediately upon grant, it shall be included in relevant costs or
                  expenses according to the fair value of equity instruments on the grant date, and the capital reserves
                  shall be increased accordingly. If the equity-settled share-based payment cannot be vested until the
                  services are completed in vesting period or until the prescribed performance conditions are met, then on
                  each balance sheet date within the vesting period, the services acquired during the period shall be
                  included in relevant costs or expenses and capital reserves according to the fair value of equity
                  instruments on the grant date, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments. If
                  the terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, acquired services are recognised at
                  least as if the terms had not been modified. In addition, modifications that increase the fair value of
                  equity instruments granted, or changes that are beneficial to employees on the date of modification, are
                  recognised as an increase in services acquired.

                  If equity-settled share-based payments are cancelled, they shall be treated as accelerated exercise on
                  the date of cancellation, and the unrecognised amount shall be recognised immediately. If employees or
                  other parties can choose to satisfy the non-exercisable conditions but fail to do so within the vesting
                  period, it shall be treated as cancellation of the equity-settled share-based payment. However, if a new
                  equity instrument is granted and it is determined on the date of grant that the new equity instrument is
                  intended to replace the cancelled equity instrument, the substitute equity instrument granted shall be
                  treated in the same manner as the modification to the terms and conditions of the original equity
                  instrument.




158    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       26.    Recognition and measurement of revenue

             (1)    General principles

                     The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is fulfilled, i.e.
                     when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is
                     transferred to the customers. Acquiring control over relevant goods or services means to be able
                     to dominate the use of such goods or the provision of such services and obtain almost all
                     economic benefits from them.

                     A performance obligation is a contractual commitment by the Group to transfer clearly
                     distinguishable goods to a customer. The Group’s performance obligations are fulfilled within a
                     certain period of time if one of the following conditions is met; otherwise, they are fulfilled at a
                     certain point in time: ① the customer acquires and consumes the economic benefits arising from
                     the Group’s performance at the same time as the Group’s performance; ② the customer can
                     control the goods that are under progress in the course of the Group’s performance; ③ the goods
                     that are produced in the course of the Group’s performance have irreplaceable usages and the
                     Group is entitled to receive payment for the cumulative portion of performance completed to
                     date throughout the contract period.

                     The Group recognises the revenue on the basis of the progress of performance of a contractual
                     obligation that is to be performed within a certain period of time. When the progress of
                     performance is not reasonably certain, the Group recognises the revenue at the amount of costs
                     incurred until such time as the progress of performance is reasonably certain, provided that the
                     costs incurred are expected to be reimbursed.

                     For performance obligations fulfilled at a point in time, the Group recognises revenue at the
                     point in time when the customer obtains control of the relevant goods. In determining whether
                     the customer has obtained control of the goods, the Group takes into account the following
                     indications: ① the Group has a present right to receive payment for the goods, i.e. the customer
                     has a present obligation to pay for the goods; ② the Group has transferred the legal ownership
                     of the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has legal ownership to the goods; ③ the Group
                     has physically transferred the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has physical possession
                     of the goods; ④ the Group has transferred to the customer the principal risks and rewards of
                     ownership of the goods, i.e. the customer has acquired the principal risks and rewards of
                     ownership of the goods; ⑤ the customer has accepted the goods; and ⑥ other indications that
                     the customer has acquired control of the goods.

                     When a contract has two or more performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction
                     price to each one based on the relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or
                     services on the commencement date of contract. Revenue is then recognized using this allocated
                     transaction price for each obligation.

                     The transaction price is the amount of consideration that the Group is expected to be entitled to
                     receive due to the transfer of goods or services to customers, excluding payments received on
                     behalf of third parties and amounts expected to be refunded to the customer. In determining the
                     transaction price, the Group considers the impact of variable consideration, the existence of
                     significant financing elements in the contract and other factors.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   159
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         26.      Recognition and measurement of revenue (continued)

                 (1)        General principles (continued)

                            For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of
                            consideration to which it will be entitled using either the expected value method or the most
                            likely amount. The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction
                            price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a
                            significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable
                            consideration is subsequently resolved. At each balance sheet date, the Group updates the
                            estimated transaction price.

                            The Group determines whether its identity at the time of performing a transaction is that of a
                            principal or an agent based on whether it has control over the goods prior to transferring the
                            goods to the customer. If the Group is able to control the goods before transferring them to the
                            customer, the Group is a principal and recognizes revenue based on the total amount of
                            consideration received or receivable; otherwise, the Group, as an agent, recognizes revenue
                            based on the amount of commissions or handling fees to which it is expected to be entitled,
                            which shall be determined based on either the net amount of the total consideration received or
                            receivable less the price payable to other related parties or the established commission amount
                            or proportion.

                            Based on contractual agreements, legal provisions, etc., the Group provides quality assurance
                            for goods sold, which is a guarantee-type quality assurance to assure customers that the goods
                            sold meet the established standards, and the Group accounts for it in accordance with Note
                            III.24. Accrued liabilities.

                 (2)        Specific methods

                            The revenue of the Group mainly includes revenue from sale of goods.

                            The sale of products by the Group to customers is the fulfilment of its performance obligation at
                            a certain point of time as mention in (1) above, and revenue is recognised at the point of
                            delivery and acceptance of the goods by the customer and the transaction price is determined
                            based on the total amount of consideration expected to be entitled, in accordance with the sales
                            contracts entered into between the Group and the customer. Domestic sales business: Revenue is
                            recognised when the goods are delivered by the Group according to the contract or order and
                            received by the customer. Overseas sales business: It is generally agreed in the sales contracts
                            signed between the Group and overseas customers that the point of time at which the control
                            over the goods is transferred is when the goods are loaded onto ships and depart from the ports.
                            Therefore, the Group recognises the overseas sales revenue from its major overseas sales
                            business when the goods depart from the ports.




160    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       27.    Government grants

              Government grants are recognised when they meet the accompanying conditions and can be received.
              Government grants that are monetary assets shall be measured at the amount actually received. Grants,
              which are disbursed according to fixed quota standard or where there is conclusive evidence at the end
              of the year that they can satisfy relevant conditions set out in the financial support policy and that the
              financial support funds are expected to be received, shall be measured at the amount receivable.
              Government grants that are non-monetary assets shall be measured at fair value or, at a nominal amount
              (RMB1) if their fair value cannot be reliably obtained.

              Government grants of the Group consist of asset-related government grants and income-related
              government grants. Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained for acquisition
              or construction of long-term assets or other forms of long-term asset formation; income-related
              government grants refer to those other than asset-related government grants. If related government
              documents do not specify targets of the grants, the Group will recognise the grants according to the
              above principle, and if it’s difficult to distinguish, they shall be recognised as the income-related
              government grants as a whole.

              Asset-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss
              over the useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. If relevant assets are sold,
              transferred, scrapped or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the balance of undistributed
              deferred income shall be transferred to profit or loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of.

              Income-related government grants, which are used to compensate for related expenses or losses to be
              incurred in the subsequent periods, shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or
              loss over the periods in which the related costs or losses are recognised. Those subsidies, which used to
              compensate for related costs, expenses or losses already incurred during the period are recognised
              directly in profit or loss. Government grants related to daily activities, depending on the essence of
              economic business, are included in other income or used to offset relevant expenses. Government grants
              not related to daily activities are included in non operating income or expenses.

              Where the Group obtains subsidised interest rates for policy concessionary loans, the Group
              distinguishes between the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
              to the lending bank and the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
              directly to the Group, and carries out the accounting treatment according to the following principles,
              respectively: (1) Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds to the lending bank, and
              the lending bank provides the Group with a loan at a policy preferential interest rate, the Group takes
              the actual loan amount received as the entry value of the loan and calculates the related borrowing
              costs according to the principal amount of the loan and the policy preferential interest rate (or takes the
              fair value of the loan as the entry value of the loan and calculates the borrowing costs using the
              effective interest rate method, with the difference between the actual amount received and the fair value
              of the loan being recognised as deferred income. Deferred income is amortised over the duration of the
              loan using the effective interest rate method, and used to offset relevant borrowing costs). (2) Where
              the finance department disburses the subsidised funds directly to the Group, the Group will offset
              relevant borrowing costs with the corresponding subsidised funds.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   161
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         28.      Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities

                  The Group’s deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are recognised on the basis
                  of (temporary differences) arising from differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
                  their carrying amount, as well as from differences between the tax bases and their carrying amount of
                  items that are not recognised as assets and liabilities but whose tax bases can be determined according
                  to tax laws.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences, except in the
                  following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill or
                  the initial recognition of assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are not business
                  combinations and that affect neither the accounting profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); (2)
                  taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
                  where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and such
                  temporary differences are likely not to be reversed in the foreseeable future.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for deductible temporary differences, deductible
                  losses and tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available
                  against which the deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised,
                  except in the following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of
                  assets or liabilities in transactions other than business combinations that affect neither accounting profit
                  nor taxable income (or deductible losses); and (2) deductible temporary differences related to
                  investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that can not simultaneously satisfy the
                  following conditions: temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future, and
                  taxable income is likely to be obtained in the future to offset deductible temporary differences.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for all unused deductible losses to the extent that it is
                  likely that sufficient taxable income will be available to offset the deductible losses. The management
                  uses considerable judgements in estimating the time and amount of future taxable income, and
                  determines the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognised by taking into account the tax
                  planning strategies, thus resulting in uncertainty.

                  On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax
                  rate during the expected period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled.

                  The Group presents deferred income tax assets and liabilities as net amounts after offsetting when all
                  of the following conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets
                  and current deferred income tax liabilities on a net basis; deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
                  related to income tax levied by the same tax collection and management authority on the same taxpayer
                  or on different taxpayers. However, for each future period in which significant deferred income tax
                  assets and liabilities are reversed, the taxpayers involved intend to either settle the current income tax
                  assets and liabilities on a net basis or to acquire the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




162    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       29.    Lease

             (1)      Identification of lease

                      At the commencement date of the contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease or
                      contains a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right of use of an identified asset or
                      several identified assets for consideration within a certain period of time, such contract is
                      regarded as lease or includes lease.

                      Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract
                      and conduct accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases.

             (2)      The Group as a lessee

                      1)     Lease recognition

                             Except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets, the Group recognises right-of
                             use assets and lease liabilities of the lease at the inception of the lease term.

                             The right-of-use assets refer to the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the
                             Group as a lessee, which are initially measured at cost. Such cost shall comprise: ① the
                             amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; ② any lease payments made on
                             or before the inception of the lease, less any lease incentives received; ③ any initial
                             direct costs incurred; and ④ an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in
                             dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located
                             or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of
                             the lease (costs of production of inventory are excluded). If the Group re-measures lease
                             liability in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, the carrying
                             amount of the right-of-use assets shall be adjusted accordingly.

                             The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the expected
                             consumption of the economic benefits associated with the right-of-use assets. If it can
                             reasonably determined that ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon
                             expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be accrued within the remaining useful
                             life of the leased asset; if it can not be reasonably determined that ownership of the
                             leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be
                             accrued within the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever
                             is shorter. The depreciation amount accrued is included in the cost of relevant asset or
                             current profit or loss based on the use of the right-of-use asset.

                             The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease
                             payments at the inception of the lease term. The lease payments include: ① the fixed
                             payment and the substantial fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount; ② the
                             variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio; ③ the exercise price of the call
                             option, provided that the Group reasonably determines that it will exercise the option; ④
                             the amount payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease, provided that the lease
                             term reflects that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; and ⑤ the
                             amount payable based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   163
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         29.      Lease (continued)

                 (2)        The Group as a lessee (continued)

                            1)     Lease recognition (continued)

                                   In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine the
                                   interest rate implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall be
                                   adopted as the discount rate. The Group shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease
                                   liabilities for each period of the lease term at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include
                                   them in profit or loss for the current period, expect for those subject to capitalisation.

                                   Subsequent to the inception of the lease term, the Group increases the carrying amount of
                                   the lease liability at the time of recognising interest on the lease liability, and decreases
                                   the carrying amount of the lease liability at the time of making lease payments. When
                                   there is a change in the substantive fixed payments, a change in the expected payable
                                   amount for the residual value of the guarantee, a change in the index or ratio used to
                                   determine the amount of lease payments, or a change in the valuation result or actual
                                   exercise of the option of purchase, renewal or termination, the Group will re-measure the
                                   lease liability based on the present value of lease payments as a result of the change.

                            2)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                                   For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value asset
                                   leases which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use assets
                                   and lease liabilities. During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on short-
                                   term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or
                                   current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other systematic and reasonable methods
                                   over the lease term.

                 (3)        The Group as a lessor

                            The Group as a lessor classifies the lease as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
                            risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset, and classifies other leases as
                            operating leases.

                            1)     Finance lease

                                   At the inception of the lease term, the Group confirms the finance lease receivable on the
                                   finance lease and terminates the recognition of the finance lease assets. When the initial
                                   measurement of the finance lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group uses the
                                   net lease investment as the entry value of the finance lease receivables.

                                   The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present value
                                   of rental receipts that has not been received at the inception of the lease term, which is
                                   discounted according to the interest rate implicit in lease. The Group calculates and
                                   recognises interest income for each period of the lease term based on a fixed periodic
                                   interest rate. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in
                                   the net lease investment are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they are
                                   actually incurred.




164    Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       29.    Lease (continued)

             (3)    The Group as a lessor (continued)

                     2)     Operating lease

                            Rental receipts under an operating lease are recognised as rental income on a straight line
                            basis over the period of the lease.

                            The initial direct costs incurred by the Group in relation to the operating leases shall be
                            capitalised as the costs of the subject leased asset, apportioned on the same basis as the
                            rental income recognition during the lease term, and included in profit or loss for the
                            period. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in the
                            lease receivables related to the operating leases are recognised in profit or loss for the
                            period in which they are actually incurred.

                            The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the
                            effective date of the modification, considering any received or receivable rental receipts
                            relating to the original lease as part of the lease receipts for the new lease.

       30.    Discontinued operation

              Discontinued operation refers to a component of the Group that meets one of the following conditions,
              that can be separately distinguishable, and that has been disposed of or classified as held for sale: (1)
              the component represents a separate principal business or a separate principal operating area; (2) the
              component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposal of a separate principal business or a
              separate principal operating area; and (3) the component is a subsidiary that has been acquired
              exclusively for the purpose of resale.

              In the income statement, the Group has added the items of “net profit from continuing operations” and
              “net profit from discontinued operations” under the item of “net profit” in the income statement to
              reflect the profit or loss from continuing operations and profit or loss from discontinued operations,
              respectively, on a net after-tax basis. Profit or loss from discontinued operations shall be presented as
              profit or loss from discontinued operations, and the profit or loss from discontinued operations shall be
              presented for the entire reporting period, not only for the reporting period after being recognised as
              discontinued operations.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   165
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        31.      Fair value measurement

                 The Group measures investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity instrument
                 investments at fair value on each balance sheet date. Fair value refers to the price that a market
                 participant would receive from selling an asset or pay for transferring a liability in an orderly
                 transaction occurring on the measurement date.

                 Assets and liabilities that are measured or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements are
                 identified within the fair value levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                 measurement as a whole: Level 1 inputs consist of unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for
                 identical assets or liabilities that are available on the measurement date. Level 2 inputs are quoted
                 prices for the asset or liability (other than those included in Level 1) that are either directly or
                 indirectly observable. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs to the related assets or liabilities.

                 At each balance sheet date, the Group reassesses assets and liabilities measured at fair value on an
                 ongoing basis recognised in the financial statements to determine whether the level of fair value
                 measurement should be changed.

        32.      Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates

                (1)        Changes in critical accounting policies

                           None.

                (2)        Changes in critical accounting estimates

                           None.




166   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


IV.    TAXATION

       1.     The main types and rates of taxes

              Type of taxes                Tax basis                                    Tax rate

              Value-added tax              Output value-added tax is computed at     13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%, 0%
                                             13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3% and 0% of
                                             taxable income. Value-added tax is
                                             computed on the difference after
                                             deduction of input value-added tax.
                                             Input value added tax is not deductible
                                             for value added tax to which simple
                                             collection method is applicable.
              City maintenance and         Turnover tax payable                      5%, 7%
                construction tax
              Education surcharges         Turnover tax payable                         3%
              Enterprise income tax        Taxable income                               25%/for details, please see the
                                                                                          table below

              Note:   The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are
                      located.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   167
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        1.       The main types and rates of taxes (continued)

                 Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

                 Name of tax payer                                                                   Income tax rate

                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                           15.00%
                 Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
                 Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                               15.00%
                 Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                           15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
                 Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                        15.00%
                 Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                    15.00%
                 Foshan Hisense Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                    20.00%
                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                     15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                   15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                              15.00%
                 Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd.                                                15.00%
                 Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.                                          20.00%
                 Qingdao Hongcheng Mould Co., Ltd.                                                            20.00%
                 Kelon International Incorporation (KII)                                                 8.25%/16.5%
                 Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                  16.50%
                 Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  16.50%
                 Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                          16.50%
                 Hisense Mould (Deutschland) GmbH                                                             15.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                           30.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                     30.00%
                 HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd.                                                                   17.00%
                 HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd.                                                                     20.00%
                 Sanden Corporation                                                                           30.50%
                 SANDEN INTERNATIONAL（EUROPE）GmbH                                                             30.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPES.A.S.                                                            28.00%
                 SANDEN VIKAS（INDIA）LTD.                                                                      35.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICOS.A.DEC.V.                                                        30.00%
                 Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                               15.00%
                 Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                 5%-34%


        2.       Tax preferences

                (1)        Income tax preferences

                           On 28 December 2023, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                           Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344003724,
                           with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial
                           Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the
                           State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                           adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.




168   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


IV.    TAXATION (continued)

       2.     Tax preferences (continued)

             (1)    Income tax preferences (continued)

                     On 28 December 2023, Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                     received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002886, with an
                     effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department
                     of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State
                     Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted
                     the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                     On 9 November 2023, Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                     Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101305, with an effective period
                     of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and
                     Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                     Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate
                     of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                     On 9 November 2023, Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                     received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101226, with an
                     effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of
                     Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of
                     Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income
                     tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                     On 9 November 2023, Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
                     the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337100712, with an effective
                     period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and
                     Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                     Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate
                     of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                     On 19 December 2025, Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
                     of the Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.:
                     GR202544002309, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by
                     Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial
                     Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation
                     Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2025, 2026 and
                     2027.

                     On 19 December 2025, Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                     received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202544003728, with an
                     effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department
                     of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State
                     Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted
                     the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2025, 2026 and 2027.

                     On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a
                     subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.:
                     GR202437101032, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao
                     Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance
                     and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary
                     has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2024, 2025 and 2026.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   169
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        2.       Tax preferences (continued)

                (1)        Income tax preferences (continued)

                           On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                           Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202437100719,
                           with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial
                           Department of Science and Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the
                           State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                           adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2024, 2025 and 2026.

                           On 29 December 2023, Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                           Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337102273,
                           with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial
                           Department of Science and Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the
                           State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                           adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                           Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, belongs to an
                           encouraged industrial enterprise located in the western region. In accordance with relevant
                           provisions of the Announcement [2020] No. 23 of the Ministry of Finance, the State
                           Administration of Taxation and the National Development and Reform Commission on
                           Continuing the Enterprise Income Tax Policies for the Large-Scale Development of Western
                           China, the applicable enterprises income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% from 1 January 2021
                           to 31 December 2030.

                           Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the
                           identification standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No.
                           12, pursuant to which, the taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise
                           income tax was paid at the rate of 20% in 2025.

                           Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the
                           identification standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No.
                           12, pursuant to which, the taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise
                           income tax was paid at the rate of 20% in 2025.

                           Qingdao Hongcheng Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the identification
                           standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12, pursuant to
                           which, the taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax was
                           paid at the rate of 20% in 2025.

                           KII, a subsidiary of the Company, which was incorporated in Hong Kong, is subject to a profits
                           tax on the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following
                           rates: a rate of 8.25% is applied to the part which does not exceed HK$2,000,000, while a rate
                           of 16.5% is applied to the part which exceeds HK$2,000,000.

                (2)        Other tax preferences

                           In accordance with relevant provisions of the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                           Administration of Taxation on Value-added Tax Policies for Software Products (Cai Shui [2011]
                           No. 100), the subsidiaries of the Company, including Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                           Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Air-
                           Conditioning Co., Ltd., Hisense (Zhejiang) Air Conditioner Co., Ltd., Hisense Refrigerator Co.,
                           Ltd. and Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., will enjoy the tax
                           incentives of immediate collection and refund for the portion of the embedded software products
                           with the actual VAT burden of more than 3%.

170   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       For the following disclosed financial statement data, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the
       balance as at 1 January 2025; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 31 December 2025. “Current
       Year” refers to the period from 1 January to 31 December 2025; “Last Year” refers to the period from 1
       January to 31 December 2024. The currency is denominated in RMB.

       1.     Cash at bank and on hand

              Item                                                               Closing balance       Opening balance

              Cash on hand                                                            553,795.36              116,974.19
              Bank deposits                                                     1,028,175,536.70          876,524,372.96
              Other cash at bank and on hand                                    1,032,098,207.64        1,971,151,786.40
              Deposit in financial company                                      1,435,580,585.10        1,549,900,310.18
              Including: Bank deposits                                          1,326,126,590.41        1,301,400,309.75
                         Other cash at bank and on hand                           109,453,994.69          248,500,000.43


              Total                                                             3,496,408,124.80        4,397,693,443.73
              Including: Total amount deposited overseas                          724,540,447.04          667,561,849.36


              Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

              Item                                                               Closing balance       Opening balance

              Security deposit for setting up bank acceptance notes               989,421,608.29        2,131,097,996.59
              Other security deposit                                               93,419,942.67           75,326,840.59


              Total                                                             1,082,841,550.96        2,206,424,837.18



       2.     Transactional financial assets

              Item                                                               Closing balance       Opening balance

              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            19,155,470,449.17      16,209,276,762.85
              Including: Derivative financial instruments                          26,426,742.91          48,959,296.04
              Wealth management products                                       19,129,043,706.26      16,160,317,466.81


              Total                                                            19,155,470,449.17      16,209,276,762.85




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   171
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable

                (1)        As shown by classification of notes receivable

                           Item                                                                     Closing balance             Opening balance

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                       28,637,505.59                    6,497,691.77
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                                105,329,201.39                  452,515,807.88


                           Total                                                                      133,966,706.98                  459,013,499.65


                           Notes to notes receivable: notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection)
                           were presented as notes receivable by the Group, and notes receivable for collecting contractual
                           cash flows (for collection) and selling of these notes (endorsed or discounted) were presented as
                           receivable financing by the Group.

                (2)        As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                Closing balance
                                                                          Book value                 Provision for bad debts                  Carrying
                           Category                                   Amount             (%)           Amount                  (%)             amount

                           Separate provision for bad debts
                           Provision for bad debts on a group
                             basis                              134,939,301.47         100.00       972,594.49                 0.72      133,966,706.98
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes                 28,637,505.59          21.22                                             28,637,505.59
                           Commercial acceptance notes          106,301,795.88          78.78       972,594.49                 0.91      105,329,201.39


                           Total                                134,939,301.47         100.00       972,594.49                 0.72      133,966,706.98




172   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       3.     Notes receivable (continued)

             (2)    As shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                     (continued)

                                                                                   Opening balan
                                                                    Book value                     Provision for bad debts               Carrying
                     Category                                   Amount               (%)            Amount                   (%)          amount

                     Separate provision for bad debts
                     Provision for bad debts on a group
                       basis                              459,014,384.40           100.00             884.75                 0.00   459,013,499.65
                     Including:
                     Bank acceptance notes                  6,497,691.77             1.42                                             6,497,691.77
                     Commercial acceptance notes          452,516,692.63            98.58             884.75                 0.00   452,515,807.88


                     Total                                459,014,384.40           100.00             884.75                 0.00   459,013,499.65


                     1)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for commercial acceptance notes

                                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                                          Provision for
                                Item                                                Book value               bad debts                        (%)

                                Acceptor being a related party company            99,654,877.58
                                Acceptor being other types of company              6,646,918.30                972,594.49                    14.63


                                Total                                            106,301,795.88                972,594.49                       –




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    173
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable (continued)

                (3)        Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                           current year

                                                                                           Changes during the year
                                                                   Opening                         Recoveries                           Closing
                           Category                                balance         Provision       or reversal       Write-off          balance

                           Commercial acceptance notes               884.75       971,709.74                                          972,594.49


                           Total                                     884.75       971,709.74                                          972,594.49


                (4)        Notes receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                         Pledged amount at
                           Item                                                                                          the end of the year

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                                                 28,637,505.59


                           Total                                                                                                 28,637,505.59

                           Note:      For details of pledges, please refer to Note V. 24. Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of
                                      use.


                (5)        Notes receivables endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                           balance sheet date

                                                                                                         Amount               Amount not
                                                                                                  derecognised at          derecognised at
                                                                                                       the end of               the end of
                           Item                                                                          the year                 the year

                           Commercial acceptance notes                                                                             591,661.00


                           Total                                                                                                   591,661.00


                (6)        Notes receivable written-off during the year

                           There was no notes receivable written-off during the year.




174   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       4.     Accounts receivable

             (1)    Accounts receivable by aging

                                                                                                                                    Book value
                                                                                                     Book value                        as at the
                                                                                                as at the end of                   beginning of
                     Aging                                                                              the year                       the year

                     Within three months                                                      8,599,122,948.67               9,636,006,962.35
                     Over three months but within six months                                    278,331,973.18                 439,426,145.09
                     Over six months but within one year                                        245,637,121.91                 160,377,425.51
                     Over one year                                                              577,619,212.49                 554,775,266.31


                     Total                                                                    9,700,711,256.25             10,790,585,799.26


             (2)    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                      Book value                 Provision for bad debts                 Carrying
                     Category                                     Amount             (%)             Amount                 (%)           amount

                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       separately made                       86,349,265.74           0.89     65,521,167.85                75.88     20,828,097.89
                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is made on
                       a group basis                      9,614,361,990.51          99.11    246,094,491.70                 2.56 9,368,267,498.81


                     Total                               9,700,711,256.25          100.00    311,615,659.55                 3.21 9,389,095,596.70




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     175
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                               Book value                        Provision for bad debts                     Carrying
                           Category                                       Amount                  (%)              Amount                    (%)              amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is separately
                             made                                    133,785,840.82              1.24        102,295,699.38                 76.46       31,490,141.44
                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is made on
                             a group basis                        10,656,799,958.44             98.76        207,680,201.72                  1.95 10,449,119,756.72


                           Total                                10,790,585,799.26              100.00        309,975,901.10                  2.87 10,480,609,898.16


                           1)         Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                                      Opening balance                                    Closing balance
                                                                               Provision for                  Provision for
                                      Item                        Book value      bad debts     Book value       bad debts            (%)     Reasons for provision

                                      Domestic customers       133,785,840.82 102,295,699.38 86,349,265.74 65,521,167.85            75.88     Expected to be difficult
                                                                                                                                                to recover in full


                                      Total                    133,785,840.82 102,295,699.38 86,349,265.74 65,521,167.85            75.88                             –


                           2)         Accounts receivable for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                                         Provision for
                                      Aging                                                      Book value                 bad debts                              (%)

                                      Aging group                                           1,132,850,241.67           133,004,926.95                           11.74
                                      Counterparties relationship portfolio                 5,999,702,116.28            21,913,100.72                            0.37
                                      Other group                                           2,481,809,632.56            91,176,464.03                            3.67


                                      Total                                                 9,614,361,990.51           246,094,491.70                             2.56

                                      Note:     This group is based on the aging of accounts receivable, Counterparties relationships, and
                                                transaction types as credit risk characteristic and the provision for bad debts is made based
                                                on the expected credit loss of the group.




176   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       4.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (3)    Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in
                    the current year

                                                                                            Changes during the year
                                                     Opening                        Recoveries                          Exchange                           Closing
                     Category                        balance          Provision    or reversals        Write-off     rate changes           Others         balance

                     Accounts receivable        309,975,901.10     4,353,297.38                      605,950.71 -1,995,519.81         -112,068.41 311,615,659.55

                     Total                      309,975,901.10     4,353,297.38                      605,950.71 -1,995,519.81         -112,068.41 311,615,659.55


             (4)    Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                     Item                                                                                                              Written-off amount

                     Accounts receivable written-off                                                                                                605,950.71


             (5)    Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors and contract assets

                     The total top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                     RMB4,537,353,542.15, accounting for 46.77% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                     provision for bad debts of RMB4,389,877.54 in total was made as at the end of the year.

       5.     Contract assets

             (1)    Contract assets

                                                                       Closing balance                                          Opening balance
                                                                         Provision for            Carrying                          Provision for         Carrying
                     Item                               Book value          bad debts              amount          Book value          bad debts           amount

                     Guarantee                        75,696,198.07       8,028,766.18      67,667,431.89     66,062,456.97         9,852,409.09      56,210,047.88


                     Total                            75,696,198.07       8,028,766.18      67,667,431.89     66,062,456.97         9,852,409.09      56,210,047.88


             (2)    Contract assets by provision for bad debts

                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                      Book value                         Provision for bad debts                        Carrying
                     Category                                    Amount                    (%)               Amount                     (%)              amount

                     Contract assets for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       separately made
                     Contract assets for which
                       provision for bad debts is made
                       on a group basis                75,696,198.07                     100.00       8,028,766.18                     10.61        67,667,431.89
                     Including:
                     Guarantee                         75,696,198.07                     100.00       8,028,766.18                     10.61        67,667,431.89

                     Total                             75,696,198.07                     100.00       8,028,766.18                     10.61        67,667,431.89



                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       177
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        5.       Contract assets (continued)

                (2)        Contract assets by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                                   Opening balance
                                                                                   Book value                      Provision for bad debts                     Carrying
                           Category                                             Amount                (%)            Amount                   (%)               amount

                           Contract assets for which provision
                             for bad debts is separately made
                           Contract assets for which provision
                             for bad debts is made on a group
                             basis                                      66,062,456.97              100.00       9,852,409.09                 14.91         56,210,047.88
                           Including:
                           Guarantee                                    66,062,456.97              100.00       9,852,409.09                 14.91         56,210,047.88


                           Total                                        66,062,456.97              100.00       9,852,409.09                 14.91         56,210,047.88


                           1)          Contract assets for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                                          Closing balance
                                                                                                                            Provision for
                                       Item                                                          Book value                bad debts                             %

                                       Guarantee                                                  75,696,198.07              8,028,766.18                        10.61


                                       Total                                                      75,696,198.07              8,028,766.18                             –


                (3)        Provision for bad debts of contract assets that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                           current year

                                                                                                Changes during the year
                                                                                             Recoveries or
                                                                                   Provision      reversal     Write-off
                                                                    Opening           during   during the     during the                        Closing
                           Item                                     balance         the year         year           year          Others        balance          Reason



                           Guarantee                             9,852,409.09     281,070.39                                -2,104,713.30   8,028,766.18


                           Total                                 9,852,409.09     281,070.39                                -2,104,713.30   8,028,766.18               –


                (4)        Contract assets written-off for the year

                           There were no contract assets written-off for the year.




178   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       6.     Factoring of accounts receivable

             (1)    Factoring of accounts receivable by category

                     Item                                                                       Closing balance            Opening balance

                     Bank acceptance notes                                                     4,607,438,550.93            6,000,519,893.99


                     Total                                                                     4,607,438,550.93            6,000,519,893.99

                     Note:    For details on the fair value, please refer to Note 11. (1) Fair value of assets and liabilities measured
                              at fair value as at the end of the year.

             (2)    Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                      Book value                Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                     Category                                    Amount              (%)             Amount               (%)           amount

                     Factoring of accounts receivable for
                       which provision for bad debts is
                       separately made
                     Factoring of accounts receivable for
                       which provision for bad debts is
                       made on a group basis              4,607,438,550.93         100.00                                       4,607,438,550.93
                     Including:
                     Bank acceptance notes                4,607,438,550.93         100.00                                       4,607,438,550.93


                     Total                              4,607,438,550.93           100.00                                       4,607,438,550.93




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025     179
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        6.       Factoring of accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                         Opening balance
                                                                            Book value                Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                           Category                                    Amount              (%)         Amount                   (%)           amount

                           Factoring of accounts receivable for
                             which provision for bad debts is
                             separately made
                           Factoring of accounts receivable for
                             which provision for bad debts is
                             made on a group basis              6,000,519,893.99         100.00                                       6,000,519,893.99
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes                6,000,519,893.99         100.00                                       6,000,519,893.99


                           Total                              6,000,519,893.99           100.00                                       6,000,519,893.99


                (3)        Factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                           There was no factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year.

                (4)        Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                           balance sheet date

                                                                                                                Amount                  Amount not
                                                                                                           derecognised                derecognised
                                                                                                           at the end of              at the end of
                           Item                                                                                 the year                   the year

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                     5,641,244,718.74


                           Total                                                                     5,641,244,718.74


                (5)        Factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year

                           There was no factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year.




180   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       7.     Other receivables

              Item                                                              Closing balance        Opening balance

              Dividends receivable                                                   625,590.11
              Other receivables                                                  193,495,143.68           242,816,255.92


              Total                                                              194,120,733.79           242,816,255.92


       7.1    Dividends receivable

             (1)      Classification of dividends receivable

                      Investee                                                  Closing balance        Opening balance

                      SANPAK ENGINEERING INDUSTRIES                                  625,590.11


                      Total                                                          625,590.11



             (2)      At the end of the year, the Group did not have any significant amount of dividends receivable
                      aged over 1 year.

       7.2    Other receivables

             (1)      Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                    Book value                Book value
                                                                                       as at the                 as at the
                                                                                            end                beginning
                      Nature of the amount                                          of the year               of the year

                      Security deposit                                            96,405,365.43            87,597,261.60
                      Refund of tax for exports                                                            13,599,113.05
                      Other current account                                    174,895,612.32             227,362,892.71


                      Total                                                    271,300,977.75             328,559,267.36




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   181
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        7.2      Other receivables (continued)

                (2)        Other receivables by aging

                                                                                                                                      Book value
                                                                                                                                 as at the end of
                           Aging                                                                                                         the year

                           Within three months                                                                                   140,338,154.35
                           Over three months but within six months                                                                14,520,961.67
                           Over six months but within one year                                                                     7,751,015.94
                           Over one year                                                                                         108,690,845.79


                           Total                                                                                                 271,300,977.75


                (3)        Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                                 First stage          Second stage            Third stage
                                                                                      Expected credit        Expected credit
                                                               Expected credit     loss in the lifetime   loss in the lifetime
                                                               loss in the next        (without credit            (with credit
                           Provision for bad debts                   12 months            impairment)            impairment)                Total

                           Balance as at 1 January 2025           2,145,922.18          69,039,068.77          14,558,020.49        85,743,011.44
                           During the year, the book balance
                             of other receivables as at 1
                             January 2025                                      –                     –                      –                   –
                           – transferred to second stage
                           – transferred to third stage
                           – reversed to second stage
                           – reversed to first stage
                           Provision for the year                   609,794.50          -8,649,886.10                               -8,040,091.60
                           Reversal for the year
                           Written-off for the year
                           Charge off for the year
                           Other changes                            114,275.68             -11,361.45                                  102,914.23
                           Balance as at 31 December 2025         2,869,992.36          60,377,821.22          14,558,020.49        77,805,834.07

                           Note 1: The amount of other changes arises from the translation of the amount of provision for bad debts in
                                   the foreign currency statements of foreign subsidiaries using spot exchange rates at the balance sheet
                                   date.

                           Note 2: Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                                   since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the
                                   expected credit loss of other receivables with aging of over one year in the lifetime.




182   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       7.2    Other receivables (continued)

             (4)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                    current year

                                                                                                     Changes during the year
                                                             Opening                       Recoveries or                  Exchange rate                            Closing
                     Category                                balance          Provision        reversals      Write-off        changes              Others         balance

                     Other receivables                   85,743,011.44     -8,040,091.60                                       148,743.13       -45,828.90 77,805,834.07


                     Total                               85,743,011.44     -8,040,091.60                                       148,743.13       -45,828.90 77,805,834.07


                    Note:       The Group has no other receivables with significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or
                                reversed during the year.


             (5)    Other receivables written-off during the year

                     There were no other receivables written-off during the year.

             (6)    Top five other receivables by balance of debtors as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                                                              of total closing          Closing balance
                                                                                                                            balance of other                of provision
                     No.        Nature of the amount                     Closing balance                      aging          receivables (%)              for bad debts

                     No. 1      Other current accounts                     27,458,922.53            Within one year                         10.12
                     No. 2      Security deposit                           20,000,000.00             Over one year                           7.37            20,000,000.00
                     No. 3      Other current accounts                     17,291,642.00            Within one year                          6.37
                     No. 4      Other current accounts                     11,632,660.98            Within one year                          4.29
                     No. 5      Other current accounts                      9,908,917.21            Within one year                          3.65


                     Total      –                                          86,292,142.72                          –                         31.80            20,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      183
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        8.       Prepayments

                (1)        aging of prepayments

                                                                   Closing balance                      Opening balance
                           Item                                  Amount                 (%)            Amount                  (%)

                           Within one year                 375,290,812.25              98.99     521,439,148.61               99.49
                           Over one year                     3,837,267.45               1.01       2,651,829.56                0.51


                           Total                           379,128,079.70             100.00     524,090,978.17              100.00


                           The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with aging of over one year as at the end
                           of the period.

                (2)        Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                           During the Year, the total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted
                           to RMB189,580,796.89, accounting for 50.00% of total closing balance of prepayments.

        9.       Inventories

                (1)        Classification of inventories

                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                 Provision for
                                                                                                      declines            Carrying
                           Item                                                  Book value           in value             amount

                           Raw materials                                    1,294,332,869.93     58,121,508.41    1,236,211,361.52
                           Works in progress                                  698,987,441.50      6,394,506.98      692,592,934.52
                           Finished goods                                   4,985,796,859.40     52,273,483.88    4,933,523,375.52


                           Total                                            6,979,117,170.83    116,789,499.27    6,862,327,671.56


                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                                                 Provision for
                                                                                                      declines            Carrying
                           Item                                                  Book value           in value             amount

                           Raw materials                                    1,289,564,874.18     60,245,563.60    1,229,319,310.58
                           Works in progress                                  759,151,168.44      6,413,805.72      752,737,362.72
                           Finished goods                                   5,647,835,914.41     62,959,633.32    5,584,876,281.09


                           Total                                            7,696,551,957.03    129,619,002.64    7,566,932,954.39




184   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       9.     Inventories (continued)

             (2)      Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                        Increase for the year                  Decrease for the year
                                                        Opening                                                             Exchange rate           Closing
                      Item                              balance         Provision               Others        Written-off        changes            balance

                      Raw materials                 60,245,563.60    14,386,589.09                          15,149,154.86     1,361,489.42    58,121,508.41
                      Works in progress              6,413,805.72     1,399,808.36                           1,276,969.89       142,137.21     6,394,506.98
                      Finished goods                62,959,633.32    91,918,238.56                         101,317,204.66     1,287,183.34    52,273,483.88


                      Total                        129,619,002.64   107,704,636.01                         117,743,329.41     2,790,809.97   116,789,499.27


             (3)      Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or
                      write-off during the year

                                                                                                         Reasons for the write-off of provision
                                                  Basis of the provision for declines                    for declines in value of inventories
                      Item                        in value of inventories                                during the year

                      Raw materials               The lower of the cost and net                          Removal due to sales and consumption
                      Works in progress             realizable value                                       for production
                      Finished goods

       10.    Non-current assets due within one year

              Item                                                                                       Closing balance               Opening balance

              Time deposits due within one year                                                      5,358,503,333.34                  4,883,695,277.78


              Total                                                                                  5,358,503,333.34                  4,883,695,277.78


       11.    Other current assets

              Item                                                                                       Closing balance               Opening balance

              Time deposits and interest                                                             1,346,154,726.55                   631,618,371.84
              Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                         1,241,953,493.60                   858,852,366.02
              Prepaid expenses and others                                                              256,935,983.67                   196,580,706.12


              Total                                                                                  2,845,044,203.82                  1,687,051,443.98

              Note:   Time deposits maturing within one year held by the Group for investment are presented under other current
                      assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     185
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (continued)

               12.             Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                            Change for the year
                                                                                                             Gains or
                                                                                                          losses from
                                           Opening          Opening                                       investment    Adjustment                        Declaration      Provision                          Closing         Closing
                                            balance       balance of                                       recognised     for other                           of cash            for       Exchange           balance      balance of
                                          (Carrying     provision for     Additional     Decrease in     using equity comprehensive     Other change        dividend     impairment             rate        (Carrying    provision for
Investee                                    amount)      impairment       investment     investment           method        income          in equity       or profit          made         changes           amount)     impairment

I. Joint ventures
   Hisense Marketing
     Management Co., Ltd.      50,297,902.69                                                           -10,379,416.16                   10,947,964.70                                                   50,866,451.23
   Qingdao Hisense Global Asia
     Holding Co., Ltd.          5,345,000.87                                                             6,759,966.40    4,638,093.85      535,032.79                                                   17,278,093.91
   Subtotal                    55,642,903.56                                                            -3,619,449.76    4,638,093.85   11,482,997.49                                                   68,144,545.14


II. Associates
    Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
      Holdings Co., Ltd.          414,741,582.39                                                        17,318,104.88                                     8,575,458.39                                 423,484,228.88
    Hisense International Co.,
      Ltd.                        119,889,770.35                                                       127,567,708.43   27,593,803.72   11,059,265.91    25,333,080.00                                 260,777,468.41
    Qingdao Hisense Intelligent
      Electronic Technology Co.,
      Ltd                         147,950,944.26                                                         1,495,803.74                                                                                  149,446,748.00
    Associates of Yiyang
      Entrepreneurship
      Investment                                                         1,122,921.57     100,211.28        -7,987.51                                                                                    1,014,722.78
    Associates of Sanden
      Corporation                1,026,711,751.53                                       17,307,721.63 262,321,088.82      104,739.84                    208,869,115.58                 -16,480,710.76 1,046,480,032.22
    Hisense Xinghai Technology
      (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                              15,000,000.00                  -5,338,803.89    46,114,394.21       92,860.89                                                    55,868,451.21
    Subtotal                     1,709,294,048.53                       16,122,921.57   17,407,932.91 403,355,914.47    73,812,937.77   11,152,126.80 242,777,653.97                   -16,480,710.76 1,937,071,651.50


III. Others
     Jiangxi Kelon Combine
        Electrical Appliances Co.,
        Ltd.                                            11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                    11,000,000.00
     Subtotal                                           11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                    11,000,000.00


Total                                1,764,936,952.09   11,000,000.00   16,122,921.57   17,407,932.91 399,736,464.71    78,451,031.62   22,635,124.29 242,777,653.97                   -16,480,710.76 2,005,216,196.64   11,000,000.00


                               Notes: (1)                   As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has been
                                                            declared in liquidation, it has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and
                                                            impairment has been fully provided for the investment cost.
                                              (2)           Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.
                                              (3)           Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Global Asia
                                                            Holding”.
                                              (4)           Hisense Marketing Management Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Marketing
                                                            Management”.
                                              (5)           Hisense International Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.
                                              (6)           Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense
                                                            Intelligent Electronic”.
                                              (7)           Hisense Xinghai Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Xinghai
                                                            Technology”.
                                              (8)           As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were
                                                            unlisted companies.




186        Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       12.    Long-term equity investments (continued)

              Including:

              Item                                                    Closing balance        Opening balance

              Unlisted investments:
              Equity method                                           2,005,216,196.64        1,764,936,952.09
              Including: Joint ventures                                  68,144,545.14           55,642,903.56
                         Associates                                   1,937,071,651.50        1,709,294,048.53


              Total                                                   2,005,216,196.64        1,764,936,952.09


       13.    Other equity investment

              Item                                                    Closing balance        Opening balance

              Non-trading equity investments                            41,653,733.28            42,364,813.88


              Total                                                     41,653,733.28            42,364,813.88


       14.    Other non-current financial assets

              Item                                                    Closing balance        Opening balance

              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     20,542,302.26            21,332,417.54


              Total                                                     20,542,302.26            21,332,417.54




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   187
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        15.      Investment properties

                (1)        Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                                     Buildings
                           Item                                                 and structures          Lands            Total

                           I. Original carrying amount
                           1. Opening balance                                   374,710,861.63   27,694,361.74   402,405,223.37
                           2. Increase for the year                              10,941,259.06                    10,941,259.06
                                (1) Acquisition                                   1,076,135.82                     1,076,135.82
                                (2) Transfer from construction under progress     9,865,123.24                     9,865,123.24
                           3. Decrease for the year                               3,547,785.14    3,690,920.22     7,238,705.36
                                (1) Exchange rate changes                         3,547,785.14    3,690,920.22     7,238,705.36
                           4. Closing balance                                   382,104,335.55   24,003,441.52   406,107,777.07
                           II. Accumulated depreciation and
                                accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance                                   147,688,529.73     718,138.00    148,406,667.73
                           2. Increase for the year                              43,898,919.85      36,497.00     43,935,416.85
                                (1) Provision or amortisation                    43,898,919.85      36,497.00     43,935,416.85
                           3. Decrease for the year                               3,447,843.68                     3,447,843.68
                                (1) Exchange rate changes                         3,447,843.68                     3,447,843.68
                           4. Closing balance                                   188,139,605.90     754,635.00    188,894,240.90
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance
                           2. Increase for the year
                           3. Decrease for the year
                           4. Closing balance
                           IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         193,964,729.65   23,248,806.52   217,213,536.17
                           2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the
                                year                                            227,022,331.90   26,976,223.74   253,998,555.64


                (2)        Investment properties without ownership certificates

                           Item                     Carrying amount Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                           Mee King Building                689,725.19 Due to historical reasons




188   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       16.    Fixed assets

                                                                                                                         Closing carrying                 Opening carrying
              Item                                                                                                                amount                           amount

              Fixed assets                                                                                                7,159,168,602.46                  5,648,279,219.22
              Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                        1,158,467.75                        363,860.34


              Total                                                                                                       7,160,327,070.21                  5,648,643,079.56


       16.1   Fixed assets

              (1)     Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                       Electronic
                                                                                                                                      equipment,
                                                                                              Buildings and     Machinery and          appliances    Transportation
                      Item                                                         Lands         structures        equipment        and furniture        equipment              Total

                      I. Original carrying amount
                      1. Opening balance                                   327,628,813.86   3,990,324,424.45   6,025,347,154.72   3,461,596,771.60    79,111,731.55 13,884,008,896.18
                      2. Increase for the year                             431,608,910.90     979,562,415.49     962,371,518.35     304,652,835.03    11,729,753.07 2,689,925,432.84
                           (1) Additions                                    69,163,664.83     317,390,645.92     436,206,944.89     196,282,644.06     9,745,569.71 1,028,789,469.41
                           (2) Transfer from construction in progress      348,523,478.96     634,787,591.84     526,164,573.46     108,370,190.97     1,984,183.36 1,619,830,018.59
                           (3) Exchange rate changes                        13,921,767.11      27,384,177.73                                                            41,305,944.84
                      3. Decrease for the year                              15,141,423.42      13,741,798.86     557,690,775.06     210,164,186.77     9,613,990.54    806,352,174.65
                           (1) Disposal or retirement                       15,141,423.42      13,729,992.21     466,583,572.25     182,086,753.88     9,014,862.93    686,556,604.69
                           (2) Exchange rate changes                                                              22,245,190.62      22,931,503.04       581,328.01     45,758,021.67
                           (3) Others                                                              11,806.65      68,862,012.19       5,145,929.85        17,799.60     74,037,548.29
                      4. Closing balance                                   744,096,301.34   4,956,145,041.08   6,430,027,898.01   3,556,085,419.86    81,227,494.08 15,767,582,154.37
                      II. Accumulated depreciation
                      1. Opening balance                                                    1,864,433,282.64   3,262,909,057.72   2,769,938,939.41    42,352,675.88   7,939,633,955.65
                      2. Increase for the year                                                188,012,823.81     560,631,475.40     261,488,440.65    14,783,701.77   1,024,916,441.63
                           (1) Provision                                                      188,012,823.81     560,631,475.40     261,488,440.65    14,783,701.77   1,024,916,441.63
                      3. Decrease for the year                                                 19,561,875.20     413,102,918.37     183,739,962.26     7,064,528.87     623,469,284.70
                           (1) Disposal or retirement                                          12,998,357.37     347,723,079.00     171,597,800.07     6,492,655.29     538,811,891.73
                           (2) Exchange rate changes                                            6,563,517.83      19,873,467.45       9,725,577.15       571,873.58      36,734,436.01
                           (3) Others                                                                             45,506,371.92       2,416,585.04                       47,922,956.96
                      4. Closing balance                                                    2,032,884,231.25   3,410,437,614.75   2,847,687,417.80    50,071,848.78   8,341,081,112.58
                      III. Provision for impairment
                      1. Opening balance                                                        8,797,986.81    197,010,417.35      89,843,081.23        444,235.92    296,095,721.31
                      2. Increase for the year                                                    711,341.97      4,998,170.62       4,184,932.54                        9,894,445.13
                           (1) Provision                                                          711,341.97      4,998,170.62       4,184,932.54                        9,894,445.13
                      3. Decrease for the year                                                    704,377.57     33,653,844.02       4,244,819.18         54,686.34     38,657,727.11
                           (1) Disposal or retirement                                             704,377.57     30,686,473.26       1,482,833.76         43,596.25     32,917,280.84
                           (2) Exchange rate changes                                                              2,967,370.76       2,761,985.42         11,090.09      5,740,446.27
                      4. Closing balance                                                        8,804,951.21    168,354,743.95      89,783,194.59        389,549.58    267,332,439.33
                      IV. Carrying amount
                      1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         744,096,301.34   2,914,455,858.62   2,851,235,539.31    618,614,807.47     30,766,095.72   7,159,168,602.46
                      2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year   327,628,813.86   2,117,093,155.00   2,565,427,679.65    601,814,750.96     36,314,819.75   5,648,279,219.22




                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         189
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        16.1     Fixed assets (continued)

                (2)        Fixed assets leased out under operating lease

                                                                                                                         Closing
                           Item                                                                                 carrying amount

                           Buildings and structures                                                               220,498,067.67
                           Machinery and equipments, etc.                                                          30,231,034.20
                           Transportation equipment                                                                   231,531.55


                           Total                                                                                  250,960,633.42


                (3)        Fixed assets without ownership certificates

                                                                             Reason for failure to obtain ownership
                           Item                        Carrying amount        certificates

                           Buildings and structures         499,676,377.21   Transferred to fixed assets on achieving
                                                                               scheduled availability and in the process of
                                                                               application for ownership certificates

                (4)        Impairment test of fixed assets

                           The recoverable amount is determined as the net of fair value less disposal costs

                                                                                  Carrying        Recoverable        Impairment
                           Item                                                    amount             amount            amount

                           Buildings and structures                              919,523.64        208,181.67         711,341.97
                           Machinery and equipments                            5,720,189.06        722,018.44       4,998,170.62
                           Electronic equipment, appliances and furniture      4,206,160.04         21,227.50       4,184,932.54


                           Total                                              10,845,872.74        951,427.61       9,894,445.13


                           The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of a fixed asset for which
                           there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and recognised on an
                           individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of the market price
                           in fair transactions, or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair value of the asset is
                           estimated on the basis of the best available information. Disposal costs include legal expenses,
                           relevant taxes and handling fees related to the disposal of assets and direct expenses incurred to
                           bring the assets to a saleable condition.




190   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       16.2   Disposal of fixed assets

              Item                                                                                               Closing balance             Opening balance

              Disposal of fixed assets                                                                              1,158,467.75                      363,860.34


              Total                                                                                                 1,158,467.75                      363,860.34


       17.    Construction in progress

              Item                                                                                               Closing balance             Opening balance

              Construction in progress                                                                            911,155,205.31                674,456,905.57


              Total                                                                                               911,155,205.31                674,456,905.57


              (1)     Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                                              Closing balance                                       Opening balance
                                                                                 Impairment          Carrying                           Impairment         Carrying
                      Item                                      Book value         provision          amount          Book value          provision         amount

                      Refrigerator production line project    79,510,817.37                      79,510,817.37      25,576,269.40                      25,576,269.40
                      A dormitory building in Pingdu
                        Industrial Park                                                                            121,253,940.32                     121,253,940.32
                      GEN5 electric press production line    261,404,800.93                     261,404,800.93     229,713,759.38                     229,713,759.38
                      Changsha production base                14,754,767.28                      14,754,767.28       3,121,207.55                       3,121,207.55
                      Thailand factory                        65,879,865.90                      65,879,865.90       1,987,494.97                       1,987,494.97
                      East district project                   73,026,270.94                      73,026,270.94      15,653,542.48                      15,653,542.48
                      Others                                 430,422,920.45     13,844,237.56   416,578,682.89     323,018,947.61     45,868,256.14   277,150,691.47


                      Total                                  924,999,442.87     13,844,237.56   911,155,205.31     720,325,161.71     45,868,256.14   674,456,905.57




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     191
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

             17.          Construction in progress (continued)

                          (2)          Changes in construction in progress during the year

                                                                                                                                                  Accumulative
                                               Opening      Increase for      Transferred             Other            Closing                     contribution                    Source of
Name of construction                           balance          the year    to fixed assets         changes            balance          Budget    in budget (%)   Progress (%)     funding


Refrigerator production line project      25,576,269.40    78,800,541.46    18,702,488.58      6,163,504.91     79,510,817.37    767,677,318.00          97.48          97.48      Self funding
A dormitory building in Pingdu
  Industrial Park                        121,253,940.32    14,107,091.53   135,361,031.85                                       158,814,287.00          100.00         100.00      Self funding
GEN5 electric press production line      229,713,759.38    28,577,929.92    11,674,216.08     -14,787,327.71   261,404,800.93 349,000,000.00             74.01          74.01      Self funding
Changsha production base                   3,121,207.55   338,961,768.76   327,193,893.65         134,315.38    14,754,767.28 978,528,800.00             58.55          58.55      Self funding
Thailand factory                           1,987,494.97   418,328,244.72   348,721,744.46       5,714,129.33    65,879,865.90 1,500,000,000.00           51.80          51.80      Self funding
East district project                     15,653,542.48   293,250,686.80   228,605,263.91       7,272,694.43    73,026,270.94 500,000,000.00             61.78          61.78      Self funding
Others                                   323,018,947.61   674,271,103.65   549,571,380.06      17,295,750.75   430,422,920.45                                                      Self funding


Total                                    720,325,161.71 1,846,297,366.84 1,619,830,018.59     21,793,067.09    924,999,442.87 4,254,020,405.00


                          Note:        All construction in progress of the Company were self-funded, without capitalisation of borrowing cost and
                                       interest.


                          (3)          Provision for impairment of construction in progress during the year

                                                                                           Provision
                                       Item                                              for the year              Reason for provision

                                       Other projects                                   3,041,186.01               Recoverable amount is less than carrying amount


                                       Total                                            3,041,186.01               –


                          (4)          Impairment testing of construction in progress

                                       Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                                                                                             Carrying              Recoverable                   Impairment
                                       Item                                                                                   amount                   amount                       amount

                                       Other product line related assets                                                3,041,186.01                                             3,041,186.01


                                       Total                                                                            3,041,186.01                                             3,041,186.01


                                       The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of construction in
                                       progress for which there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and
                                       recognised on an individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of
                                       the market price in fair transactions, or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair
                                       value of the asset is estimated on the basis of the best available information. Disposal costs
                                       include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling fees related to the disposal of assets and
                                       direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a saleable condition.




192       Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       18.    Right-of-use assets

                                                                                     Machinery,
                                                                        Buildings    equipment
              Item                                                 and structures    and others                  Total

              I. Original carrying amount
              1. Opening balance                                    327,192,806.68   52,020,012.88     379,212,819.56
              2. Increase for the year                               97,021,571.56   12,966,171.23     109,987,742.79
                   (1) Rental                                        74,407,232.56    6,898,230.53      81,305,463.09
                   (2) Exchange rate changes                         22,614,339.00    6,067,940.70      28,682,279.70
              3. Decrease for the year                               38,072,693.56    2,186,903.03      40,259,596.59
                   (1) Disposal                                      38,072,693.56    2,186,903.03      40,259,596.59
              4. Closing balance                                    386,141,684.68   62,799,281.08     448,940,965.76
              II. Accumulated depreciation
              1. Opening balance                                    186,989,206.45   28,790,973.76     215,780,180.21
              2. Increase for the year                               66,360,585.03    8,705,943.96      75,066,528.99
                   (1) Provision                                     66,360,585.03    8,705,943.96      75,066,528.99
              3. Decrease for the year                               40,997,055.57    2,277,889.25      43,274,944.82
                   (1) Disposal                                      35,806,094.12      914,657.86      36,720,751.98
                   (2) Exchange rate changes                          5,190,961.45    1,363,231.39       6,554,192.84
              4. Closing balance                                    212,352,735.91   35,219,028.47     247,571,764.38
              III. Provision for impairment
              1. Opening balance                                         45,262.11     206,733.63           251,995.74
              2. Increase for the year
              3. Decrease for the year                                    1,405.84       6,421.16             7,827.00
                   (1) Exchange rate changes                              1,405.84       6,421.16             7,827.00
              4. Closing balance                                         43,856.27     200,312.47           244,168.74
              IV. Carrying amount
              1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year          173,745,092.50   27,379,940.14     201,125,032.64
              2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year    140,158,338.12   23,022,305.49     163,180,643.61




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   193
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        19.      Intangible assets

                (1)        Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                                                           Land       Trademark
                           Item                                                       use rights          rights      Know-how      Sales channels          Others              Total

                           I. Original carrying amount
                           1. Opening balance                                   1,233,528,763.84   660,643,862.44   84,536,836.52   794,759,590.57   586,306,281.87   3,359,775,335.24
                           2. Increase for the year                                 1,428,199.00                     1,092,107.31                     87,090,912.58      89,611,218.89
                                (1) Additions                                       1,428,199.00                                                      87,090,912.58      88,519,111.58
                                (2) Internal research and development                                                1,092,107.31                                         1,092,107.31
                           3. Decrease for the year                                  271,618.23                         76,416.49                     12,764,365.23      13,112,399.95
                                (1) Disposal                                                                                                          10,906,135.82      10,906,135.82
                                (2) Exchange rate changes                             271,618.23                        76,416.49                      1,858,229.41       2,206,264.13
                           4. Closing balance                                   1,234,685,344.61   660,643,862.44   85,552,527.34   794,759,590.57   660,632,829.22   3,436,274,154.18
                           II. Accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance                                    362,946,955.91    264,574,752.40   55,154,393.29   501,879,638.06   396,961,210.73   1,581,516,950.39
                           2. Increase for the year                               25,650,885.52      1,300,000.00    4,566,763.03    96,040,565.97    55,870,603.43     183,428,817.95
                                (1) Provision                                     25,650,885.52      1,300,000.00    4,566,763.03    96,040,565.97    55,870,603.43     183,428,817.95
                           3. Decrease for the year                                   69,165.47                         72,804.96                      8,483,043.61       8,625,014.04
                                (1) Disposal                                                                                                           6,472,552.94       6,472,552.94
                                (2) Exchange rate changes                             69,165.47                         72,804.96                      2,010,490.67       2,152,461.10
                           4. Closing balance                                    388,528,675.96    265,874,752.40   59,648,351.36   597,920,204.03   444,348,770.55   1,756,320,754.30
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance                                     50,012,843.19    286,061,116.40                                     35,342,555.70    371,416,515.29
                           2. Increase for the year                                                                                                    4,691,206.32      4,691,206.32
                                (1) Provision                                                                                                          4,691,206.32      4,691,206.32
                           3. Decrease for the year                                                                                                    1,655,756.23      1,655,756.23
                                (1) External sale                                                                                                        213,801.22        213,801.22
                                (2) Exchange rate changes                                                                                              1,441,955.01      1,441,955.01
                           4. Closing balance                                     50,012,843.19    286,061,116.40                                     38,378,005.79    374,451,965.38
                           IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year          796,143,825.46    108,707,993.64   25,904,175.98   196,839,386.54   177,906,052.88   1,305,501,434.50
                           2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year    820,568,964.74    110,007,993.64   29,382,443.23   292,879,952.51   154,002,515.44   1,406,841,869.56


                           At the end of the year, intangible assets generated through the Company’s internal research and
                           development accounted for 0.03% of the balance of intangible assets.




194   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.        NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
          (continued)

          19.        Intangible assets (continued)

                     (2)         There were no land use rights whose certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of
                                 the Year

                     (3)         Impairment testing of intangible assets

                                 1)         Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                            In 2025, the Group made an impairment provision of RMB4,691,206.32 for other
                                            categories of intangible assets, corresponding to a carrying amount of RMB4,691,206.32,
                                            mainly due to the full amount of impairment provision for software and other assets
                                            without any recoverable amount.

                                 2)         Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected
                                            future cash flows

                                                                                Number of                                                             Basis for determining
                                           Recoverable         Impairment      years in the   Key parameters for         Key parameters for           key parameters for the
Item                       Carrying amount amount              amount       forecast period   the forecast period        the stabilisation period     stabilisation period

Trademarks with uncertain 101,666,327.00    1,178,395,172.99                        5 years   Income growth rate: 0%;    Income growth rate, sales   The income growth rate during
  useful life                                                                                   Sales commission rate:     commission rate, discount the stabilisation period is
                                                                                                1.63%; Discount rate:      rate                        0%; Sales commission rate
                                                                                                17.00%                                                 and discount rate are
                                                                                                                                                       consistent with those for the
                                                                                                                                                       last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                       period.


Total                      101,666,327.00   1,178,395,172.99                             –    –                          –                            –


                                 The Company calculated the cash flows generated from the trademark rights using the relief
                                 from royalty method, and therefore the recoverable amount was estimated based on the
                                 trademark rights assets, which is determined based on the present value of expected future cash
                                 flows. The Company predicted Income growth rate and prepared net profit and cash flow
                                 forecasts for the next 5 years according to the principle of prudence based on historical actual
                                 operating data, long-term planning, signed contracts and other data, combined with market
                                 capacity growth rate, market share and external competition and other factors, assuming that the
                                 cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years. According to the results of the impairment test, there
                                 was no further impairment of these trademark rights as at the end of the Year and no provision
                                 for impairment was made.




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         195
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        20.      Goodwill

                (1)        Original value of goodwill

                                                                                           Increase             Decrease
                           Name of investees                  Opening balance          for the Year         for the Year      Closing balance

                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                             Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.     132,571,746.36                                                  132,571,746.36
                           Sanden Holdings Corporation           93,837,131.40                                                   93,837,131.40


                           Total                                226,408,877.76                                                  226,408,877.76


                (2)        Provision for impairment of goodwill

                                                                                          Provision             Disposal
                           Name of investees                  Opening balance           for the year        for the year      Closing balance

                           Sanden Holdings Corporation                                93,837,131.40                              93,837,131.40


                           Total                                                      93,837,131.40                              93,837,131.40


                (3)        Relevant information on the asset group or portfolio to which goodwill belongs

                                                                                                                           Whether keeping
                                                      Composition and basis of the asset        Business segment and       consistent with
                           Name                       group or portfolio to which it belongs    basis                      previous years

                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi    The goodwill formed by the Company’s       For internal management Consistent
                             Air-Conditioning           acquisition of Hisense Hitachi is          purposes, this asset
                             Systems Co., Ltd.          reflected in the operation of air          group belongs to the
                                                        conditioning business asset group of       air-conditioning
                                                        Hisense Hitachi on the acquisition date.   segment
                                                        Since it can generate cash flow
                                                        independently, the Company regards
                                                        development, design, manufacturing and
                                                        sales of air-conditioning products of
                                                        Hisense Hitachi as an individual asset
                                                        group and allocated the goodwill of
                                                        RMB132,571,746.36 to the asset group.
                           Sanden Holdings            The goodwill formed by the Company’s       For internal management Consistent
                             Corporation                acquisition of Sanden Holdings             purposes, this asset
                                                        Corporation is reflected in the related    group belongs to other
                                                        business asset group of automotive         segments
                                                        air-conditioning compressors and
                                                        integrated thermal management systems
                                                        on the acquisition date. Since it can
                                                        generate cash flow independently, the
                                                        Company regards development, design,
                                                        manufacturing and sales of automotive
                                                        air-conditioning compressors and
                                                        integrated thermal management systems
                                                        of the Company as an asset group and
                                                        allocated the goodwill of
                                                        RMB93,837,131.40 to the asset group.



196   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.         NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           (continued)

            20.           Goodwill (continued)

                          (4)        Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected future
                                     cash flows

                                Carrying amount
                                of an asset group
                                   or portfolio of                                          Number of
                                     asset groups                                          years in the                      Basis for determining   Key parameters for    Basis for determining key
                                   containing full         Recoverable     Impairment         forecast Key parameters for    key parameters for      the stabilisation     parameters for the
Items                                    goodwill              amount         amount            period the forecast period   the forecast period     period                stabilisation period

Qingdao Hisense Hitachi          1,775,421,262.44     28,550,000,000.00                        5 years Income growth rate,   Income growth rate:     Income growth rate,   The income growth rate
  Air-Conditioning                                                                                       profit margin,        0.59%-2.00%; Profit     profit margin,        during the stabilisation
  Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                                      discount rate         margin: 14.10%-         discount rate         period is 0%; Profit
                                                                                                                               18.47% Discount                               margin and discount rate
                                                                                                                               rate: 12.07%                                  are consistent with those
                                                                                                                                                                             for the last year in the
                                                                                                                                                                             forecast period
Sanden Holdings Corporation      2,582,881,973.76      2,463,958,200.00   93,837,131.40        5 years Income growth rate,   Income growth rate:     Income growth rate,   The income growth rate
                                                                                                         profit margin,        8.82%-15.51%;           profit margin,        during the stabilisation
                                                                                                         discount rate         Profit margin:          discount rate         period is 0%; Profit
                                                                                                                               –0.06%-5.56%                                  margin and discount rate
                                                                                                                               Discount rate:                                are consistent with those
                                                                                                                               13.04%                                        for the last year in the
                                                                                                                                                                             forecast period


                                     Note:           Based on the principle of prudence, the key parameters for the forecast period do not constitute a
                                                     commitment to future performance.


            21.           Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                                                                                                                   Other
                                                                                             Opening                Increase       Amortization               deductions                  Closing
                          Item                                                               balance            for the year        for the year             for the year                 balance

                          Long-term prepaid expenses                                  44,778,274.65          65,262,768.13         36,620,072.67             3,535,331.76        69,885,638.35

                          Total                                                       44,778,274.65          65,262,768.13         36,620,072.67             3,535,331.76        69,885,638.35


            22.           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                          (1)        Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                                                      Closing balance                                          Opening balance
                                                                                                Deductible                                               Deductible
                                                                                                temporary                     Deferred                   temporary                      Deferred
                                      Item                                                       difference                  tax assets                   difference                   tax assets

                                      Provision for impairment of
                                        assets                                              356,779,604.09               75,976,309.03               349,912,211.76             70,404,861.31
                                      Accrued expenses                                    4,028,057,318.71              800,646,211.91             5,089,400,871.39            890,759,146.82
                                      Others                                              1,592,401,781.82              380,447,099.94             1,173,270,578.22            250,129,955.49


                                      Total                                               5,977,238,704.62           1,257,069,620.88              6,612,583,661.37          1,211,293,963.62




                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         197
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        22.      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

                (2)        Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                                        Closing balance                            Opening balance
                                                                      Taxable                                     Taxable
                                                                   temporary                Deferred           temporary                Deferred
                           Item                                     difference         tax liabilities          difference         tax liabilities

                           Accelerated depreciation            618,221,422.26          99,222,042.50       569,998,193.49          92,067,949.54
                           Transactional financial assets      111,835,402.77          27,666,995.14       105,861,885.51          26,400,191.38
                           Asset appraisal appreciation due
                             to business combination
                             involving entities not under
                             common control                    197,625,472.16          37,702,130.81       226,552,008.79          43,936,083.21
                           Others                              418,987,356.72         123,637,071.54       378,114,288.20         110,330,305.24


                           Total                              1,346,669,653.91        288,228,239.99     1,280,526,375.99         272,734,529.37


                (3)        Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                                        Closing balance                            Opening balance
                                                                 Deferred tax             Balance of         Deferred tax             Balance of
                                                                    assets and          deferred tax            assets and          deferred tax
                                                              liabilities offset assets or liabilities           liabilities assets or liabilities
                           Item                                        amounts       after offsetting      offset amounts        after offsetting

                           Deferred tax assets                 129,969,912.09       1,127,099,708.79       123,792,203.08       1,087,501,760.54
                           Deferred tax liabilities            129,969,912.09         158,258,327.90       123,792,203.08         148,942,326.29


                (4)        Breakdown of unrecognized deferred tax assets

                           Item                                                                      Closing balance         Opening balance

                           Deductible temporary difference                                          2,595,543,729.18         2,938,607,530.24
                           Deductible tax loss                                                      4,697,465,050.51         3,906,398,730.09


                           Total                                                                    7,293,008,779.69         6,845,006,260.33




198   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       22.    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

             (5)      The deductible tax losses for unrecognized deferred tax assets will expire in following
                      timeframe

                      Year                           Closing balance       Opening balance           Remark

                      2025                                                     73,589,281.73
                      2026                              67,987,128.30          85,524,950.29
                      2027                              17,739,939.61          21,995,779.17
                      2028                              26,465,784.80          40,657,883.30
                      2029                           1,024,787,870.19         804,004,546.01
                      2030 (Opening balance
                        at 2030 and
                        afterwards)                    679,564,944.87       2,880,626,289.59
                      2031 and afterwards            2,880,919,382.74


                      Total                          4,697,465,050.51       3,906,398,730.09


       23.    Other non-current assets

              Item                                                                     Closing balance          Opening balance

              Term deposit and interest                                               4,118,541,736.10           5,629,989,722.22
              Others                                                                    184,057,848.43             229,595,488.21


              Total                                                                   4,302,599,584.53           5,859,585,210.43

             Note:    Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-
                      current assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.

       24.    Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use

                                                                         As at the end of the Year
                                                       Book            Carrying       Type of
              Items                                  balance            amount      restrictions      Restrictions

              Monetary funds                 1,082,841,550.96   1,082,841,550.96      Deposit         Deposit for issuing bank
                                                                                                        acceptance bills
              Notes receivable                 28,637,505.59      28,637,505.59        Pledge         Pledge to issue bank acceptance
                                                                                                        bills
              Fixed assets                    230,522,153.73     187,350,640.83      Mortgage         For a loan
              Inventories                     196,724,255.12     196,724,255.12      Mortgage         For a loan
              Accounts receivable             185,299,498.74     185,299,498.74       Pledge          For a loan


              Total                          1,724,024,964.14   1,680,853,451.24         –            –




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   199
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        25.      Short-term borrowings

                (1)        Classification of short-term borrowings

                           Categories of borrowings                                          Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Credit borrowings                                                   448,559,408.29      874,565,707.16
                           Guarantee borrowings                                              2,758,522,480.58    1,759,923,593.80
                           Mortgage and pledge borrowings                                       93,724,208.14       74,226,050.50


                           Total                                                             3,300,806,097.01    2,708,715,351.46


                (2)        There are no overdue short-term borrowings as at the end of the year.

        26.      Transactional financial liabilities

                 Item                                                                        Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Transactional financial liabilities                                             1,813,733.43        3,552,841.18
                 Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                     1,813,733.43        3,552,841.18


                 Total                                                                           1,813,733.43        3,552,841.18


                 Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

                 They mainly represent the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized as
                 transactional financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the
                 outstanding forward contracts and the forward exchange rates at the end of the year.

        27.      Notes payable

                 Categories of notes                                                         Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Bank acceptance notes                                                       8,826,656,065.38   10,364,589,342.06
                 Commercial acceptance notes                                                 2,291,496,454.25    5,768,177,155.27


                 Total                                                                      11,118,152,519.63   16,132,766,497.33

                Note:      There were no overdue notes payable as at the end of the year.




200   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       28.   Accounts payable
             (1)  Accounts payable

                      Aging                                                  Closing balance        Opening balance

                      Within one year                                       17,150,463,396.32      12,809,375,585.21
                      Over one year                                             37,658,765.91          38,913,648.41


                      Total                                                 17,188,122,162.23      12,848,289,233.62


             (2)      The Group had no significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue as at the end
                      of the year

             (3)      The Group has no overdue and unpaid payments to small and medium-sized enterprises.

       29.    Advances from customers

              Category                                                       Closing balance        Opening balance

              Rent received in advance                                           1,820,551.63             2,745,211.29


              Total                                                              1,820,551.63             2,745,211.29


       30.    Contract liability

             (1)      Contract liability

                      Item                                                   Closing balance        Opening balance

                      Advance on sales                                       1,618,788,301.63        1,838,591,086.05


                      Total                                                  1,618,788,301.63        1,838,591,086.05


             (2)      The Group had no significant contract liability aged over one year as at the end of the
                      year.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   201
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        31.      Employee remunerations payable

                (1)        Classification of employee remunerations payable

                                                                      Opening             Increase          Decrease            Closing
                           Item                                       balance         for the year       for the year           balance

                           Short-term remuneration             1,349,060,114.96   8,247,529,131.07   8,530,737,707.86   1,065,851,538.17
                           Post-employment benefits –
                             defined contribution plans           5,929,017.70     525,831,215.20     528,148,870.59        3,611,362.31
                           Others                                86,930,338.26      24,027,454.77     107,548,257.13        3,409,535.90


                           Total                               1,441,919,470.92   8,797,387,801.04   9,166,434,835.58   1,072,872,436.38


                (2)        Short-term remuneration

                                                                      Opening             Increase          Decrease            Closing
                           Item                                       balance         for the year       for the year           balance

                           Salaries, bonuses, allowances and
                             subsidies                         1,292,949,394.97   7,201,410,315.78   7,486,344,354.74   1,008,015,356.01
                           Staff welfare                          37,360,844.43     310,796,388.11     311,864,486.00      36,292,746.54
                           Social insurance                        7,912,581.91     436,449,370.04     435,656,929.66       8,705,022.29
                           Including: Medical insurance            6,204,730.62     404,982,427.12     403,863,454.90       7,323,702.84
                           Work-related injury insurance           1,705,783.72      31,466,909.25      31,793,425.07       1,379,267.90
                           Maternity insurance                         2,067.57              33.67              49.69           2,051.55
                           Housing provident funds                 5,459,027.67     254,102,334.01     251,784,017.40       7,777,344.28
                           Labour union funds and employee
                             education funds                       5,378,265.98     44,770,723.13      45,087,920.06        5,061,069.05


                           Total                               1,349,060,114.96   8,247,529,131.07   8,530,737,707.86   1,065,851,538.17


                (3)        Defined contribution plans

                                                                      Opening             Increase          Decrease            Closing
                           Item                                       balance         for the year       for the year           balance

                           Basic pension insurance                 5,207,835.58    506,536,941.01     508,712,442.44        3,032,334.15
                           Unemployment insurance                    721,182.12     19,294,274.19      19,436,428.15          579,028.16


                           Total                                   5,929,017.70    525,831,215.20     528,148,870.59        3,611,362.31




202   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       32.    Taxes payable

              Item                                                             Closing balance        Opening balance

              Value-added tax                                                   142,417,453.11           150,597,669.85
              Enterprise income tax                                             205,791,521.66           282,501,871.55
              Individual income tax                                              30,321,771.36            31,208,415.17
              City maintenance and construction tax                              11,122,210.88            11,659,225.61
              Real estate tax                                                    13,881,319.53            12,661,448.19
              Land use tax                                                       17,095,389.04            15,606,494.32
              Educational surcharges                                              7,975,697.14             9,151,514.80
              Others                                                             19,990,691.14            24,327,132.94


              Total                                                             448,596,053.86           537,713,772.43


       33.    Other payables

              Item                                                             Closing balance        Opening balance

              Dividends payable                                                   77,438,308.67           89,718,011.42
              Other payables                                                   5,131,197,269.47        5,300,124,294.55


              Total                                                            5,208,635,578.14        5,389,842,305.97


              33.1    Dividends payable

                      Item                                                     Closing balance        Opening balance

                      Dividends on ordinary shares                               77,438,308.67            89,718,011.42


                      Total                                                      77,438,308.67            89,718,011.42


              33.2    Other payables

                      (1)     Other payables by nature

                              Item                                             Closing balance        Opening balance

                              Current account                                  2,938,062,698.90        3,486,473,609.03
                              Deposit and margin                               1,399,158,329.09        1,337,665,250.46
                              Payment for project and equipment                  793,976,241.48          475,985,435.06


                              Total                                            5,131,197,269.47        5,300,124,294.55


                      (2)     The Group had no significant other payables aged over one year or overdue as at the
                              end of the year.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   203
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        34.      Non-current liabilities due within one year

                 Item                                                                     Closing balance          Opening balance

                 Long-term borrowings due within one year                                   22,421,575.81              17,839,924.01
                 Lease liabilities due within one year                                      95,036,982.08              84,088,412.05
                 Provisions due within one year                                            293,434,618.19


                 Total                                                                     410,893,176.08             101,928,336.06


        35.      Other current liabilities

                 Item                                Closing balance       Opening balance       Reasons for the balance

                 Installation fees                  1,054,474,643.84        1,259,073,694.44     Installation fee provided for but not
                                                                                                   yet paid in respect of goods sold
                 Sales discounts                    3,234,287,067.95        3,637,183,331.89     Incurred but not yet settled
                 Others                             1,795,644,470.78        2,017,045,810.70     Incurred but not yet settled


                 Total                              6,084,406,182.57        6,913,302,837.03


        36.      Long-term borrowings

                 Types of borrowings                                                      Closing balance          Opening balance

                 Secured borrowings                                                            93,729,998.13           61,260,113.84
                 Credit borrowings                                                                                      5,951,006.81
                 Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                                22,421,575.81           17,839,924.01


                 Total                                                                         71,308,422.32           49,371,196.64


        37.      Lease liabilities

                 Item                                                                     Closing balance          Opening balance

                 Lease liabilities                                                         258,250,412.36             245,559,684.92
                 Less: Lease liabilities due within one year shown under current
                   liabilities                                                                 95,036,982.08           84,088,412.05


                 Total                                                                     163,213,430.28             161,471,272.87




204   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       38.    Long-term employee remunerations payable

              Item                                                                            Closing balance             Opening balance

              Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined benefit plans                 78,993,580.17                77,923,347.90


              Total                                                                              78,993,580.17                77,923,347.90


       39.    Provisions

              Item                                Closing balance         Opening balance            Reason for occurrence

              Pending litigation                      4,233,189.33                7,629,490.41       Estimated litigation compensation
              Provision for warranties              627,843,505.84              996,029,125.88       Estimated quality guarantee of
                                                                                                       products
              Others                                 18,971,296.55               98,678,574.21       Estimated other expenditures


              Total                                 651,047,991.72         1,102,337,190.50          –


       40.    Deferred income

             (1)       Classification of deferred income

                                                  Opening            Increase            Decrease              Closing    Reason for
                       Item                       balance        for the year         for the year             balance    occurrence

                       Government grants     334,592,888.16    183,050,433.64        89,911,058.29       427,732,263.51   Amortization of
                                                                                                                           government grants


                       Total                 334,592,888.16    183,050,433.64        89,911,058.29       427,732,263.51   –




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   205
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        40.      Deferred income (continued)

                (2)         Government grants

                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                 New grants         included in
                            Government                         Opening              received      other income            Exchange                  Closing       Related to
                            grants                             balance       during the year    during the year        rate changes                 balance       assets/income

                            Technological
                              transformation project       30,718,364.02        44,330,900.00      28,130,686.30                                46,918,577.72     Related to assets
                            Transformation project on
                              system integration
                              technology of green
                              supply chain of freezers      4,844,224.94                            1,381,194.84                                 3,463,030.10     Related to assets
                            Industry support funds        156,940,000.00                                                                       156,940,000.00     Related to assets
                            Special funds for
                              advanced
                              manufacturing industry                             5,000,000.00                                                    5,000,000.00     Related to assets
                            Project subsidy for
                              comprehensive
                              production base                                   14,940,000.00           204,657.53                              14,735,342.47     Related to assets
                            Funds from the state
                              debenture projects for
                              enterprise technical
                              advancement and
                              industry upgrade             32,771,594.19        76,655,846.43      36,613,720.53                                72,813,720.09     Related to assets
                            Other related to income           809,500.00           410,000.00         200,000.00                                 1,019,500.00     Related to income
                            Other related to assets       108,509,205.01        30,894,424.30      23,380,799.09        10,819,262.91          126,842,093.13     Related to assets

                            Total                         334,592,888.16       172,231,170.73      89,911,058.29        10,819,262.91          427,732,263.51


        41.      Other non-current liabilities

                 Item                                                                                                Closing balance                   Opening balance

                 Long-term dividends payable                                                                           445,987,614.09                     523,425,922.76
                 Others                                                                                                 12,293,856.60                       9,984,017.74


                 Total                                                                                                 458,281,470.69                     533,409,940.50


        42.      Share capital

                                                                                                   Change for the year (+,-)
                                                         Opening            Issue of                          Conversion Repurchase and                                     Closing
                 Item                                    balance         new shares       Bonus issue       from reserve    cancellation               Subtotal             balance

                 Total shares                    1,386,010,405.00                                                              -1,149,234.00      -1,149,234.00 1,384,861,171.00


                 Note:      During the Year, the Company repurchased and cancelled 1,149,234 restricted shares that had been granted
                            but not unlocked.




206   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       43.    Capital reserve

                                                                Opening              Increase          Decrease              Closing
              Item                                              balance          for the year       for the year             balance

              Share premium                             1,847,818,713.49       222,669,942.50     34,222,106.25     2,036,266,549.74
              Other capital reserve                       251,261,486.16       125,898,142.33    196,364,998.99       180,794,629.50


              Total                                     2,099,080,199.65       348,568,084.83    230,587,105.24     2,217,061,179.24

             Notes:

              ①        The change in share capital premium is mainly due to:

                       The difference between the repurchase price and the grant price of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                       increased the equity premium by RMB1,639,228.00;

                       Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased by
                       RMB25,453,239.79 in equity premium;

                       Equity incentive expenses borne in proportion to the shareholdings of minority shareholders of the
                       subsidiaries decreased by RMB15,114,642.99 in equity premium;

                       Transactions such as the acquisition of minority interests in subsidiaries decreased by RMB11,464,769.27 in
                       equity premium;

                       The lapse and repurchase of restricted shares reduced by RMB7,642,693.99 in equity premium;

                       The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital surplus
                       increased by RMB195,577,474.71 in equity premium.

              ②        The change in other capital reserve is mainly due to:

                       Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased other capital
                       reserve by RMB103,263,018.04;

                       Decrease in other capital reserve by RMB787,524.28 for changes in deferred income tax assets recognised in
                       the current period for share-based payment;

                       The equity method of accounting for other changes in the Company’s equity increased other capital reserve
                       by RMB22,635,124.29;

                       The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital surplus
                       decreased other capital reserve by RMB195,577,474.71.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   207
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        44.      Treasury shares

                                                                                               Opening                        Increase                   Decrease                       Closing
                 Item                                                                          balance                    for the year                for the year                      balance

                 Treasury shares for share-based payment
                   incentive scheme                                                    264,243,096.35                    1,639,228.36              126,175,351.85               139,706,972.86


                 Total                                                                 264,243,096.35                    1,639,228.36              126,175,351.85               139,706,972.86


        45.      Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                  Amount incurred in the Year
                                                                                               Less: Amount       Less: Amount
                                                                                                 included in        included in
                                                                                                       other               other
                                                                                              comprehensive      comprehensive
                                                                                                   income in          income in
                                                                                             previous period    previous period
                                                                                             and transferred    and transferred
                                                                                  Amount         to profit or        to retained                                      Attributable
                                                                            before income             loss in       earnings in                       Attributable     to minority
                                                                Opening            tax for           current             current    Less: income         to parent         interest         Closing
                 Item                                           balance          the Year             period              period     tax expense          after tax       after tax         balance

                 1. Other comprehensive income that
                     would not be reclassified to profit
                     or loss                                54,248,923.23    42,422,236.57                                                           43,347,122.06      -924,885.49    97,596,045.29
                 Including: Changes arising from
                               re-measurement of
                               defined benefit plan         51,863,575.34    -3,447,904.15                                                           -2,584,204.16      -863,699.99    49,279,371.18
                             Other comprehensive
                               income that cannot be
                               transferred to profit or
                               loss under the equity
                               method                                        46,114,394.21                                                           46,114,394.21                     46,114,394.21
                             Changes in the fair value
                               of other equity
                               instruments investment        2,385,347.89      -244,253.49                                                             -183,067.99       -61,185.50     2,202,279.90
                 2. Other comprehensive income that
                       would be reclassified to profit
                       or loss                             146,498,121.43   276,803,869.00                                                          241,521,659.64    35,282,209.36   388,019,781.07
                 Including: Other comprehensive
                               income that would be
                               reclassified into profit
                               or loss under equity
                               method                      -29,715,699.45    32,336,637.43                                                           32,310,400.10       26,237.33      2,594,700.65
                             Difference arising from
                               translation of financial
                               statements presented in
                               foreign currency            176,213,820.88   244,467,231.57                                                          209,211,259.54    35,255,972.03   385,425,080.42

                 Total other comprehensive income          200,747,044.66   319,226,105.57                                                          284,868,781.70    34,357,323.87   485,615,826.36




208   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       46.    Special reserves

                                                              Opening              Increase           Decrease              Closing
              Item                                            balance          for the year        for the year             balance

              Safety production fee                        9,282,792.01       88,195,567.19      88,029,000.29          9,449,358.91


              Total                                        9,282,792.01       88,195,567.19      88,029,000.29          9,449,358.91


       47.    Surplus reserve

                                                              Opening              Increase           Decrease              Closing
              Item                                            balance          for the year        for the year             balance

              Statutory surplus reserve                 724,682,309.99                                                724,682,309.99


              Total                                     724,682,309.99                                                724,682,309.99

              Note:   The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as statutory surplus reserve. If the accumulated statutory
                      surplus reserve reaches more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be
                      made.

       48.    Undistributed profits

                                                                                              Amount for                Amount for
              Item                                                                              the Year          the previous year

              Balances at the end of the previous year                                  11,300,066,951.67          9,355,458,114.25
              Adjustment of total undistributed profits at the beginning of the Year
                (increase +, decrease –)
              Balances at the beginning of the Year                                     11,300,066,951.67          9,355,458,114.25
              Plus: Net profits attributable to owners of the parent company for the
                Year                                                                     3,186,573,917.88          3,347,881,773.89
              Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve
                    Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                 1,699,598,203.99          1,403,272,936.47


              Balances at the end of the Year                                           12,787,042,665.56         11,300,066,951.67




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   209
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        49.      Operating revenue and costs

                (1)        Particulars of operating revenue and operating costs

                           Item                                  Amount for the year                     Amount for previous year
                                                                 Revenue                Costs              Revenue                  Costs

                           Principal operations          83,334,900,120.81   65,004,272,623.81     83,623,219,672.09    64,819,490,898.10
                           Other operations               4,593,585,778.91    4,186,499,136.47      9,122,391,437.43     8,656,571,836.40


                           Total                         87,928,485,899.72   69,190,771,760.28     92,745,611,109.52    73,476,062,734.50


                (2)        Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                                     Amount for the year
                           Categories of contract                                                     Revenue                       Costs

                           Categories of product:
                           Air-conditioners                                                38,829,431,638.39           28,177,530,524.14
                           Refrigerators and washing machines                              31,195,368,384.49           25,695,912,500.39
                           Others                                                          13,310,100,097.93           11,130,829,599.28
                           By operating regions:
                           Domestic                                                        45,410,397,895.49           31,855,663,602.43
                           Overseas                                                        37,924,502,225.32           33,148,609,021.38


                           Total                                                           83,334,900,120.81           65,004,272,623.81


        50.      Tax and surcharges

                                                                                                   Amount for               Amount for
                 Item                                                                                the year             previous year

                 City maintenance and construction tax                                           139,373,023.72          146,372,225.35
                 Education surcharges                                                            100,111,315.75          105,235,620.16
                 Others                                                                          166,752,423.49          172,744,230.01


                 Total                                                                           406,236,762.96          424,352,075.52




210   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       51.    Sales expenses

                                                                                            Amount for              Amount for
              Item                                                                            the year            previous year

              Sales expenses                                                         8,662,021,521.27        9,001,915,472.95


              Total                                                                  8,662,021,521.27        9,001,915,472.95

             Note:    In 2025, sales expenses mainly included employee compensation, publicity and promotion expenses,
                      logistics expenses, service charges, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 80% (2024: over
                      80%).

       52.    Management expenses

                                                                                            Amount for              Amount for
              Item                                                                            the year            previous year

              Management expenses                                                      2,403,555,384.28        2,499,492,962.69


              Total                                                                    2,403,555,384.28        2,499,492,962.69

             Note:    In 2025, management expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and
                      executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 75% (2024: over 80%).

       53.    Research and development expenses

                                                                                            Amount for              Amount for
              Item                                                                            the year            previous year

              Research and development expenses                                        3,440,773,728.91        3,446,746,374.31


              Total                                                                    3,440,773,728.91        3,446,746,374.31

             Note:    In 2025, research and development expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and
                      amortization, and direct expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development expenses over
                      80% (2024: over 80%).


       54.    Financial expenses

                                                                                            Amount for              Amount for
              Item                                                                            the year            previous year

              Interest expenses                                                          193,086,522.61          149,842,418.36
              Less: Interest income                                                       43,195,213.33           64,767,054.70
              Add: Exchange loss                                                          37,192,430.81         -135,907,347.90
              Other expenses                                                              18,148,391.46           13,929,319.83


              Total                                                                      205,232,131.55          -36,902,664.41

             Note:    Interest expenses for 2025 include interest expenses of lease liabilities of RMB10,366,689.41 (2024:
                      RMB9,434,205.17). Other interest expenses for 2025 and 2024 were wholly interests on bank borrowings, of
                      which the last term of repayment is within five years.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   211
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        55.      Other income

                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for
                 Sources of other income                                                         the year           previous year

                 Immediate refund of value-added tax                                        348,009,300.58         428,962,692.97
                 Other government subsidies related to general activities                   145,719,458.95         142,788,700.30
                 Others                                                                      77,500,980.47         146,631,874.60


                 Total                                                                      571,229,740.00         718,383,267.87


        56.      Investment gain

                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                            the year           previous year

                 Gain from long-term equity investment by the equity method                 404,891,314.66         319,799,112.07
                 Investment gain from disposal of transactional financial assets            320,370,547.70         198,067,369.02
                 Interest income from time deposits                                         252,767,105.84         332,556,270.62
                 Others                                                                      54,265,744.26          55,221,665.90


                 Total                                                                    1,032,294,712.46         905,644,417.61


                 Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for
                 Investee                                                                        the year           previous year

                 Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                                  17,318,104.88           22,080,932.20
                 Hisense Marketing Management                                             -10,379,416.16              588,945.89
                 Hisense Global Asia Holding                                                  753,421.48           -3,668,421.46
                 Hisense International Marketing                                          138,729,103.30           76,798,355.23
                 Hisense Intelligent Electronic                                             1,495,803.74              950,944.26
                 Hisense Star Ocean Technology                                             -5,338,803.89
                 Associates of Yiyang Entrepreneurship Investment                              -7,987.51
                 Associate of Sanden Company                                              262,321,088.82         223,048,355.95


                 Total                                                                    404,891,314.66         319,799,112.07

                Note:      The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all
                           generated from non-listed equity investments.




212   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       57.    Profit or loss on changes in fair value

                                                                                      Amount for               Amount for
              Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value                        the year             previous year

              Transactional financial assets                                       231,105,422.95           206,870,651.35
              Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative financial
                instruments                                                         26,399,748.51            43,951,283.69
              Transactional financial liabilities                                   -2,429,140.98            46,289,880.32
              Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative financial
                instruments                                                          -2,429,140.98           46,289,880.32
              Other non-current financial assets                                      1,961,859.03


              Total                                                                230,638,141.00           253,160,531.67


       58.    Impairment loss on credit

                                                                                      Amount for               Amount for
              Item                                                                      the year             previous year

              Loss of bad debts of notes receivable                                    -971,709.74              499,879.52
              Loss of bad debts of accounts receivable                               -4,353,297.38            5,128,374.25
              Loss of bad debts of other receivables                                  8,040,091.60           38,572,414.80


              Total                                                                   2,715,084.48           44,200,668.57


       59.    Impairment losses on assets

                                                                                      Amount for               Amount for
              Item                                                                      the year             previous year

              Loss on decline in value of inventories                              -107,704,636.01         -125,776,886.37
              Impairment loss on fixed assets                                        -9,894,445.13          -33,426,987.33
              Impairment loss on contractual assets                                    -281,070.39           -4,681,587.38
              Impairment loss on construction in progress                            -3,041,186.01           -2,691,503.90
              Impairment loss on intangible assets                                   -4,691,206.32          -13,585,844.60
              Impairment loss on goodwill                                           -93,837,131.40


              Total                                                                -219,449,675.26         -180,162,809.58




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   213
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        60.      Gains on disposal of assets (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                               Amount for           Amount for
                 Item                                                                            the year         previous year

                 Gains on disposal of non-current assets                                      42,924,276.71         3,972,039.23
                 Including: Gains on disposal of non-current assets which are not
                              classified as held for sale                                     42,924,276.71         3,972,039.23
                            Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets                      42,995,720.66         3,480,151.92


                 Total                                                                        42,924,276.71         3,972,039.23


        61.      Non-operating income

                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                                   included in
                                                                                                                 non-recurring
                                                                                                                  profit or loss
                                                                              Amount for          Amount for              of the
                 Item                                                           the year        previous year     current year

                 Gain from scrapping of non-current assets                     7,565,818.15      10,585,370.81      7,565,818.15
                 Government grants                                            57,036,165.06     104,380,000.00     57,036,165.06
                 Others                                                      178,152,607.41     233,982,460.65    178,152,607.41


                 Total                                                       242,754,590.62     348,947,831.46    242,754,590.62


        62.      Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                                        Amount
                                                                                                                    included in
                                                                                                                  non-recurring
                                                                                                                   profit or loss
                                                                                Amount for         Amount for              of the
                 Item                                                             the year       previous year     current year

                 Loss on scrapping of non-current assets                      24,565,469.11      20,251,352.00     24,565,469.11
                 Others                                                       49,796,875.90      41,449,724.90     49,796,875.90


                 Total                                                        74,362,345.01      61,701,076.90     74,362,345.01




214   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       63.    Income tax expense

             (1)     Income tax expense

                                                                                            Amount for                 Amount for
                     Item                                                                     the year               previous year

                     Current income tax expenses                                         748,292,717.72             789,083,862.05
                     Including: PRC enterprise income tax                                698,231,092.72             735,335,554.93
                     Hong Kong profit tax                                                    -32,951.01                 151,998.67
                     Deferred income tax expenses                                        -33,466,788.10              51,152,187.60


                     Total                                                               714,825,929.62             840,236,049.65


             (2)     Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses

                                                                                                                       Amount for
                     Item                                                                                                the year

                     Total profits                                                                                5,448,639,135.47
                     Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates                         1,362,159,783.87
                     Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries                           -456,208,054.05
                     Effect of adjustment to income tax in previous periods                                          92,141,836.32
                     Effect of non-taxable income                                                                   -67,600,453.51
                     Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                                 67,734,529.61
                     Effect of utilization of deductible losses and deductible difference of unrecognized
                       deferred tax assets in previous period                                                      -112,256,690.00
                     Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss of unrecognized deferred
                       tax assets in current period                                                                 119,442,457.03
                     Change in balance of deferred tax assets/liability at the beginning of the period due
                       to tax rate adjustment                                                                        -5,300,590.79
                     Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                                 -227,665,793.65
                     Effect of tax differences on equity-settled share-based payments                               -57,621,095.21
                     Others
                     Income tax expense                                                                             714,825,929.62


       64.    Other comprehensive income

              Please see note 5(45) for details.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   215
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        65.      Items in the cash flows statement

                (1)        Cash relating to operating activities

                           1)     Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                               Amount for         Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year       previous year

                                  Interest income                                           30,432,560.03       52,757,222.12
                                  Government grants                                        228,863,128.61      422,199,378.14
                                  Security deposit and others                              877,722,546.10      857,945,340.55


                                  Total                                                   1,137,018,234.74    1,332,901,940.81


                           2)     Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                               Amount for         Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year       previous year

                                  Cash payments for management expenses
                                    (including R&D expenses)                              1,821,059,589.60    1,294,548,584.04
                                  Cash payments for sales expenses                        7,408,783,704.11    6,994,008,866.46
                                  Bank charges                                               16,541,174.68       13,519,102.52
                                  Security deposit and others                             1,486,558,265.90    1,477,170,454.14


                                  Total                                                  10,732,942,734.29    9,779,247,007.16


                (2)        Cash relating to investing activities

                           1)     Significant cash received relating to investing activities

                                                                                               Amount for         Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year       previous year

                                  Recovery of wealth management products                 39,615,551,437.40   31,566,970,144.02
                                  Recovery of time deposits upon maturity                 5,866,857,769.10    4,905,490,613.05




216   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       65.    Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

             (2)    Cash relating to investing activities (continued)

                     2)     Significant cash paid relating to investing activities

                                                                                          Amount for               Amount for
                            Item                                                            the year             previous year

                            Acquisition of wealth management products                42,541,689,632.53      34,428,221,153.48
                            Placement of time deposits                                5,647,667,872.10       2,218,915,010.60


                     3)     Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                          Amount for               Amount for
                              Item                                                          the year             previous year

                            Recovery of wealth management products and time
                              deposits upon maturity                                 45,482,409,206.50      36,472,460,757.07
                            Others                                                       43,739,928.75          16,311,904.33


                            Total                                                    45,526,149,135.25      36,488,772,661.40


                     4)     Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                          Amount for               Amount for
                            Item                                                            the year             previous year

                            Acquisition of wealth management products and time
                              deposits                                               48,189,357,504.63      36,647,136,164.08
                            Others                                                        9,834,645.44           7,549,005.76


                            Total                                                    48,199,192,150.07      36,654,685,169.84


             (3)    Cash relating to financing activities

                     1)     Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                          Amount for               Amount for
                            Item                                                            the year             previous year

                            Security deposit                                           768,096,894.11
                            Others                                                      89,380,053.66         2,703,497,913.70


                            Total                                                      857,476,947.77         2,703,497,913.70




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   217
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        65.      Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

                (3)        Cash relating to financing activities (continued)

                           2)     Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                                   Amount for                      Amount for
                                  Item                                                                                               the year                    previous year

                                  Security deposit                                                                                                               109,463,151.25
                                  Payment of the principal and interest on lease
                                    liabilities                                                                               69,583,575.10                    124,946,841.53
                                  Others                                                                                     229,363,447.37                  3,661,027,286.43


                                  Total                                                                                      298,947,022.47                  3,895,437,279.21


                           3)     Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                    Increase for the year                Decrease for the year
                                                                                  Opening               Cash           Non-cash              Cash           Non-cash            Closing
                                  Item                                            balance             changes           changes            changes           changes            balance

                                  Short-term borrowings                    2,708,715,351.46   4,058,087,020.51     71,904,798.02   3,430,712,175.01    107,188,897.97   3,300,806,097.01
                                  Long-term borrowings (including
                                      borrowings due
                                  Within one year)                           67,211,120.65      48,114,219.38         586,672.18     14,043,320.31       8,138,693.77     93,729,998.13
                                  Lease liabilities
                                  (including leases due within one year)    245,559,684.92                         82,391,303.43     69,583,575.10         117,000.89    258,250,412.36
                                  Other payables – Borrowings from
                                      affiliated companies                  938,877,715.69      76,313,606.55      47,217,872.81    102,649,945.38                       959,759,249.67
                                  Other payables – Restricted shares         72,999,582.83                             54,164.43     14,215,446.73      32,692,254.00     26,146,046.53
                                  Other payables –Employee Stock
                                      Ownership Plan repayment
                                      obligations                           171,946,847.16        7,441,692.72                       41,113,191.83      66,215,923.37     72,059,424.68


                                  Total                                    4,205,310,302.71   4,189,956,539.16    202,154,810.87   3,672,317,654.36    214,352,770.00   4,710,751,228.38




218   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       66.    Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement

             (1)    Supplementary information to cash flows statement

                                                                                          Amount for               Amount for
                     Item                                                                   the year             previous year

                     1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                        activities:                                                                 –                        –
                        Net profit                                                   4,733,813,205.85         5,126,152,974.24
                        Add: Impairment provision for assets                           219,449,675.26           180,162,809.58
                              Impairment loss on credit                                 -2,715,084.48           -44,200,668.57
                              Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and
                                   gas assets and depreciation of productive
                                   biological assets                                 1,068,851,858.48           882,573,818.74
                              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                       75,066,528.99            81,684,091.95
                              Amortization of intangible assets                        183,428,817.95           176,209,845.22
                              Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                36,620,072.67            25,097,954.57
                              Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets
                                   and other long-term assets (Gain expressed with
                                   “-”)                                                -42,924,276.71             -3,972,039.23
                              Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain expressed
                                   with “-”)                                            16,999,650.96              9,665,981.19
                              Loss on change in fair value (Gain expressed with
                                   “-”)                                                -230,638,141.00         -253,160,531.67
                              Financial expenses (Gain expressed with “-”)              230,278,953.42          -13,935,070.46
                              Investment loss (Gain expressed with “-”)              -1,032,294,712.46         -905,644,417.61
                              Decrease in deferred tax assets (Increase expressed
                                   with “-”)                                           -42,782,789.71            60,645,236.14
                              Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Decrease
                                   expressed with “-”)                                   9,316,001.61             -9,493,048.54
                              Decrease in inventories (Increase expressed with
                                   “-”)                                                717,434,786.20          -828,045,564.74
                              Decrease in operating receivables (Increase
                                   expressed with “-”)                               2,556,162,010.85        -2,599,731,927.63
                              Increase in operating payables (Decrease expressed
                                   with “-”)                                         -2,700,037,377.37        3,248,155,498.06
                              Others
                              Net cash flows from operating activities               5,796,029,180.51         5,132,164,941.24
                     2. Significant investment and financing activities not
                        involving cash receipts and payments:
                        Liabilities converted into equity
                        Convertible company debentures due within one year
                        Fixed assets under finance leases
                     3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
                        Cash at the end of the year                                  2,413,566,573.84         2,191,268,606.55
                        Less: Cash at the beginning of the year                      2,191,268,606.55         2,877,140,400.54
                        Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the year
                        Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                      222,297,967.29          -685,871,793.99




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   219
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        66.      Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement (continued)

                (2)        Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries during the year

                           Item                                                                                          Amount

                           Cash or cash equivalents received during the year from disposal of subsidiaries           1,000,000.00
                           Of which: Jiake Electronics                                                               1,000,000.00
                           Less: Cash and cash equivalents held by subsidiary on the date of loss of control         5,641,567.49
                           Of which: Jiake Electronics                                                               5,641,567.49
                           Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries                                          -4,641,567.49


                (3)        Cash and cash equivalents

                           Item                                                               Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Cash                                                              2,413,566,573.84    2,191,268,606.55
                           Including: Cash on hand                                                 553,795.36          116,974.19
                                      Bank deposits that are readily available for
                                        payment                                              2,354,302,127.11    2,177,924,682.71
                                      Other cash at bank and on hand that are readily
                                        available for payment                                    58,710,651.37     13,226,949.65
                           Cash equivalents
                           Including: Bond investments due within three months
                           Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year               2,413,566,573.84    2,191,268,606.55
                           Including: Cash and cash equivalents of the parent or
                                        subsidiaries subject to restrictions on use




220   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       67.    Monetary items in foreign currencies

             (1)    Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                                     Closing balance                  Closing balance
                                                                           of foreign   Translation      denominated
                     Item                                                   currency           rate           in RMB

                     Cash at bank and on hand                                       –            –                   –
                     Including: HKD                                      2,163,755.44      0.90322        1,954,347.19
                                USD                                     76,632,729.60       7.0288      538,636,129.81
                                JPY                                  2,625,850,968.00     0.044797      117,630,245.81
                                EUR                                     21,453,581.29       8.2355      176,680,968.71
                                INR                                     52,493,836.82      0.07795        4,091,894.58
                     Accounts receivable                                            –            –                   –
                     Including: USD                                    162,847,303.85       7.0288    1,144,621,129.30
                                JPY                                  4,159,592,862.00     0.044797      186,337,281.44
                                EUR                                     67,304,524.81       8.2355      554,286,414.07
                                INR                                  2,259,417,580.00      0.07795      176,121,600.36
                     Other receivables                                              –            –                   –
                     Including: HKD                                     10,490,869.86      0.90322        9,475,563.47
                                USD                                      2,079,721.58       7.0288       14,617,947.04
                                JPY                                    558,680,000.00     0.044797       25,027,187.96
                                EUR                                      1,508,304.12       8.2355       12,421,638.58
                                INR                                      7,137,340.00      0.07795          556,355.65
                     Short-term borrowings                                          –            –                   –
                     Including: USD                                     49,558,712.37       7.0288      347,629,948.33
                                JPY                                 49,093,492,042.00     0.044797    2,199,251,533.52
                                EUR                                      1,200,000.00       8.2355        9,908,917.21
                                INR                                  1,086,167,453.80      0.07795       85,636,396.43
                     Accounts payable                                               –            –                   –
                     Including: HKD                                      1,820,742.07      0.90322        1,644,530.65
                                USD                                     44,785,983.48       7.0288      314,791,720.68
                                JPY                                 12,351,854,816.00     0.044797      553,326,040.19
                                EUR                                     16,887,883.67       8.2355      139,080,165.96
                                INR                                  1,474,266,000.00      0.07795      114,919,034.70
                     Other payables                                                 –            –                   –
                     Including: HKD                                     17,703,295.68      0.90322       15,989,970.72
                                USD                                    115,817,232.11       7.0288      814,056,161.05
                                JPY                                  2,550,271,939.00     0.044797      114,244,532.05
                                EUR                                     25,840,206.68       8.2355      212,807,022.11
                                INR                                     85,008,990.00      0.07795        6,626,450.77
                     Non-current liabilities due within one year                    –            –                   –
                     Including: Long-term borrowings due within one
                         year                                          284,383,590.67      0.07795       22,421,575.81
                     Including: INR                                    284,383,590.67      0.07795       22,421,575.81
                     Long-term borrowings                                           –            –                   –
                     Including: INR                                    904,438,890.36      0.07795       71,308,422.32




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   221
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        67.      Monetary items in foreign currencies (continued)

                (2)        Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                                         Whether there
                                                                                                                          is change of
                                                                               Principal place            Functional        functional
                           Company name                                            of business             currency           currency

                           Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing
                             Co., Limited                                          Hong Kong                   HKD                   No
                           Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de
                             C.V.                                                         Mexico       Mexican Peso                  No
                           Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de
                             R.L. de C.V.                                              Mexico          Mexican Peso                  No
                           HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd.                                Singapore                 USD                   No
                           HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd.                                   Thailand                 THB                   No
                           Hisense Japan Automotive Air-Conditioning
                             Systems Corporation                                         Japan                   JPY                 No
                           Sanden Corporation                                            Japan                   JPY                 No
                           SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                         Germany                   EUR                  No
                           SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                           France                  EUR                  No
                           SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                                      India                 INR                  No
                           SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO S.A.
                             DE C.V.                                                      Mexico                USD                  No


        68.      Leases

                (1)        The Group as a lessee

                                                                                                     Amount for              Amount for
                           Item                                                                        the Year        the previous year

                           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                   10,366,689.41           9,434,205.17
                           Short-term lease expenses recognised in profit or loss using
                             simplified treatment                                                  125,259,303.96        135,277,494.96


                           Total cash outflows related to leases                                   230,815,481.20        252,583,041.45




222   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

       68.    Leases (continued)

             (2)    The Group as a lessor

                     1)        The Group as a lessor under operating lease

                                                                                                                                                 Including:
                                                                                                                                           Income related
                                                                                                                                                to variable
                                                                                                                                           lease payments
                                                                                                                                           not included in
                               Item                                                                          Rental Income                   lease receipts

                               Buildings and structures                                                       72,449,702.51
                               Machinery and equipment                                                         2,750,813.71
                               Transportation equipment                                                          112,566.36
                               Land                                                                              203,326.36


                               Total                                                                          75,516,408.94


       69.    Segment reporting

              The Group manages its business by segments which are organized by a mixture of both business lines
              and geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the
              management manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment
              results are assessed based on the profits of the reporting segments.

             (1)    Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                                  Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                     Amount for the year                       Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total

                     I.    Revenue from external sales        38,829,431,638.39   31,195,368,384.49   13,310,100,097.93                        83,334,900,120.81
                     II.   Revenue from inter-segment
                           transactions                               24,351.44       22,297,386.50    2,812,957,369.90    -2,835,279,107.84
                     III. Gain from investment in associates
                           and joint ventures                     -4,812,997.34       -4,812,997.34     414,517,309.34                            404,891,314.66
                     IV. Depreciation and amortization           456,960,449.20      391,688,753.26     524,365,549.13                          1,373,014,751.59
                     V. Gain arising from changes in fair
                           value                                  64,349,479.25      105,552,784.33      60,735,877.42                           230,638,141.00
                     VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                           assets                                -42,618,883.90      -35,060,023.10     -139,055,683.78                          -216,734,590.78
                     VII. Total profits (losses)               4,135,460,016.32    1,071,736,181.09      180,776,539.84        60,666,398.22    5,448,639,135.47
                     VIII. Total assets                       39,767,807,058.99   38,627,956,969.51   16,728,220,671.43   -26,266,842,067.23   68,857,142,632.70
                     IX. Total liabilities                    26,385,498,288.56   26,151,662,969.06   12,339,455,776.13   -16,571,133,082.47   48,305,483,951.28
                     X. Additions to other non-current assets
                           other than long-term equity
                           investments                          -412,320,692.98      387,004,388.62       63,525,230.86       -17,044,021.32       21,164,905.18




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025     223
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        69.      Segment reporting (continued)

                (1)        Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities (continued)

                           Continued from above table

                                                                                        Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                           Amount for previous year                  Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total


                           I.    Revenue from external sales        40,283,913,190.36   30,839,154,917.48   12,500,151,564.25                        83,623,219,672.09
                           II.   Revenue from inter-segment
                                 transactions                              525,205.36       25,260,176.63    3,164,256,687.51    -3,190,042,069.50
                           III. Gain from investment in associates
                                 and joint ventures                     -1,539,737.79       -1,539,737.79     322,878,587.64                            319,799,112.07
                           IV. Depreciation and amortization           473,886,018.20      296,051,172.01     395,628,520.27                          1,165,565,710.48
                           V. Gain arising from changes in fair
                                 value                                  44,063,734.23      104,661,137.52     104,435,659.92                           253,160,531.67
                           VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                                 assets                                 -6,726,813.15      -89,376,474.43      -39,858,853.43                          -135,962,141.01
                           VII. Total profits (losses)               4,895,050,717.65    1,118,961,336.57      -47,623,030.33                         5,966,389,023.89
                           VIII. Total assets                       39,117,340,985.04   38,085,702,479.99   16,072,863,567.48   -23,573,967,215.18   69,701,939,817.33
                           IX. Total liabilities                    27,005,227,803.09   25,367,727,048.87   11,518,074,101.79   -13,563,613,847.55   50,327,415,106.20
                           X. Additions to other non-current assets
                                 other than long-term equity
                                 investments                        -3,845,197,375.25       36,594,271.23     102,484,555.82                         -3,706,118,548.20


                (2)        Geographic information

                                                                                                                     Amount for                     Amount for
                                                                                                                 the year/closing                 previous year/
                           Region                                                                                        balance                opening balance

                           Revenue from domestic transactions                                                 45,410,397,895.49               47,993,733,054.87
                           Revenue from overseas transactions                                                 37,924,502,225.32               35,629,486,617.22


                           Total                                                                              83,334,900,120.81               83,623,219,672.09


                           Non-current assets – Domestic                                                      11,427,681,401.56               13,130,098,726.61
                           Non-current assets – Overseas                                                       4,940,290,348.46                4,063,930,634.22


                           Total                                                                              16,367,971,750.02               17,194,029,360.83


                           The Group operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Group’s non-current assets are in
                           Mainland China. Therefore, it is not necessary to present further details of the regional
                           information.




224   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VI.    R&D EXPENDITURE

                                                                                       Amount for                Amount for
       Item                                                                              the Year          the previous year

       R&D expenses                                                                3,442,046,105.99         3,446,746,374.31


       Total                                                                       3,442,046,105.99         3,446,746,374.31


       Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                         3,440,773,728.91         3,446,746,374.31
                  Capitalised R&D expenditure                                          1,272,377.08


       1.      R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

                                                          Increase                Decrease
                                                      for the year              for the year
                                                         Internal        Recognized Transferred to the
                                        Opening      development        as intangible profit or loss for             Closing
               Item                     balance             costs              assets   current period               balance

               Item 1                                   180,269.77                                                180,269.77
               Item 2                                 1,092,107.31      1,092,107.31


               Total                                  1,272,377.08      1,092,107.31                              180,269.77


       2.      Significant outsourced projects under research

               The Group had no significant outsourced projects under research.

VII. CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

       On 25 July 2025, Hisense Mould, a subsidiary of the Company, invested in the establishment of Qingdao
       Hongcheng Mould Co., Ltd. with a registered capital of RMB5 million, of which Hisense Mould has
       contributed RMB5 million, with a paid-in capital of RMB5 million, representing 100% of the registered
       capital. The Company has control over the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with
       effect from 25 July 2025.

       In September 2025, the Group transferred 100% of its equity interest in Guangdong Kelon Jiake Electronics
       Co., Ltd. to an external party, upon which the Group lost control over it. From September 2025, it has no
       longer been included in the scope of consolidation. The disposal consideration was RMB1 million. At the time
       of loss of control, the Group’s share of the subsidiary’s net assets at the consolidated financial statement level
       was RMB333,600. The difference between the disposal consideration and the share of net assets, amounting to
       RMB666,400, was recognised as investment gain for the current period.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   225
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries

                (1)        Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                                              Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                                                              place of    Place of       Business         percentage (%)              Method for
                           Name of subsidiary                Abbreviation                  Registered capital business    registration   nature          Direct            Indirect   acquisition

                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)       Guangdong Refrigerator         USD26.80 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Refrigerator Co., Ltd.
                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)       Guangdong Freezer               RMB237 million Foshan        Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Freezer Co., Ltd
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen       Hisense K&B                  RMB77.5751million Foshan        Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             and Bath System Co., Ltd.
                           Foshan Shunde Rongsheng           Rongsheng Plastic            USD15.8274 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing    44.92              25.13      Establishment
                             Plastic Co., Ltd.
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co.,        Kelon Mould                  USD15.0561 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing                       70.11    Establishment
                             Ltd.
                           Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)        Yangzhou Refrigerator        USD44.4479 million Yangzhou     Yangzhou       Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Refrigerator Co., Ltd.
                           Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator    Chengdu Refrigerator             RMB70 million Chengdu       Chengdu        Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Co., Ltd.
                           Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.    Shandong Refrigerator         RMB275.1 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00                       Establishment
                           Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator    Refrigerator Marketing      RMB200.8190 million Foshan       Foshan         Trading                            100.00    Establishment
                             Marketing Co., Ltd.               Company
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner   Air-conditioner Marketing    RMB100.91 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Trading                            100.00    Establishment
                             Marketing Co., Ltd.               Company
                           Hisense (Guangdong)               Hisense Guangdong               RMB200 million Jiangmen      Jiangmen       Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Air-Conditioner Company           Air-Conditioner
                             Limited
                           Hisense Air-Conditioning Co.      Shandong Air-                   RMB500 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00                       Business combination
                             Ltd.                              conditioning                                                                                                             under common control
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co.,        Hisense Mould               RMB36.0664 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00                       Business combination
                             Ltd.                                                                                                                                                       under common control
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing        Zhejiang Washing                RMB450 million Huzhou        Huzhou         Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                             Machine Co., Ltd.                 Machine                                                                                                                  not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                        control
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial        Commercial Cold Chain            RMB50 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                             Cold Chain Co., Ltd.
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi           Hisense Hitachi                 USD150 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing    49.20                       Business combination
                             Air-Conditioning Systems Co.,                                                                                                                              not under common
                             Ltd.                                                                                                                                                       control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi           Hitachi Marketing           RMB274.3003 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Trading                            100.00    Business combination
                             Air-Conditioner Marketing                                                                                                                                  not under common
                             Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                   control
                           Qingdao Johnson Controls          Johnson Controls                RMB400 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Trading                            100.00    Business combination
                             Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                 not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                        control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hvac              Hisense Hvac                    RMB600 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                             Equipment Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                        not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                        control




226   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

       1.     Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

              (1)    Composition of enterprise group (continued)

                                                                                                         Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                                                         place of    Place of       Business         percentage (%)              Method for
                     Name of subsidiary                Abbreviation                   Registered capital business    registration   nature          Direct            Indirect   acquisition

                     Hisense (Hong Kong) America       Hong Kong Home             HKD1,176.9149 million Hong Kong    Hong Kong      Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       Manufacturing Co., Limited.       Appliance Manufactory                                                                                                     under common control
                     Hisense Monterrey                 Hisense Monterrey           MXN462.2452 million Mexico        Mexico         Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de       Manufacturing                                                                                                             not under common
                       C.V.                                                                                                                                                        control
                     Hisense Monterrey Property        Monterrey Property         MXN1,092.5993 million Mexico       Mexico         Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       Management, S.de R.L. de                                                                                                                                    under common control
                       C.V.
                     Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co.,   Qingdao Gorenje                   RMB21 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Trading          70.00                       Establishment
                       Ltd.
                     Hisense Japan Automotive          SPV                                       JPY 1 Japan         Japan          Investment                         100.00    Establishment
                       Air-Conditioning Systems
                       Corporation
                     Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air       Hitachi Air Conditioning          RMB20 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment
                       Conditioning Technology Co.,      Technology
                       Ltd.
                     Sanden Corporation                SDC                            JPY21,741.869287 Japan         Japan          Manufacturing                       73.16    Business combination
                                                                                                million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     SANDEN INTERNATIONAL              SIE                               EUR0.1 million Germany      Germany        Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                      （EUROPE）GmbH                                                                                                                                                 not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     SANDEN MANUFACTURING              SME                            EUR29.209 million France       France         Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       EUROPES.A.S.                                                                                                                                                not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     SANDEN VIKAS（INDIA）LTD. SVL                                      INR296.25 million India        India          Manufacturing                       50.00    Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                                   not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     SANDEN MANUFACTURING              SMM                           USD57.7276 million Mexico       Mexico         Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       MEXICOS.A.DEC.V.                                                                                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts     SSP                               USD11 million Suzhou        Suzhou         Manufacturing                       65.00    Business combination
                       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                   not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     Sanden (China) Automotive Air     CSA                             RMB145.1238436 Chongqing      Chongqing      Manufacturing                      100.00    Business combination
                       Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                  million                                                                             not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                   control
                     HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd.        HSHA Singapore               USD108.915 million Singapore     Singapore      Trading         100.00                       Establishment
                     HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd.          HHA Thailand               THB3,623.9406 million Thailand     Thailand       Manufacturing                      100.00    Establishment


                    Notes:

                     ①              All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator
                                    Marketing Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi
                                    Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.

                     ②              The Company held 49.20% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of
                                    association of Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors,
                                    the highest authority of Hisense Hitachi.




                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                  227
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

                (2)        Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                    Gain or loss
                                                                                                 attributable to                Dividends paid to
                                                                    Percentage of             minority interests                minority interests             Closing balance of
                           Name of subsidiary                    minority interest                  for the year                     for the year              minority interests

                           Hisense Hitachi                                       50.80%            1,489,720,258.22               1,330,192,920.00               3,441,334,508.64


                (3)        Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                              Closing balance
                                                                   Current         Non-current                  Total                Current        Non-current                  Total
                           Name of subsidiary                        assets              assets                 assets             liabilities        liabilities            liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi                     1,133,722.90          644,449.40         1,778,172.30             989,053.20              111,691.05        1,100,744.25


                           (continued)

                                                                                                              Opening balance
                                                                   Current         Non-current                  Total                Current        Non-current                  Total
                           Name of subsidiary                        assets              assets                 assets             liabilities        liabilities            liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi                     1,035,187.30          810,569.57         1,845,756.87           1,063,134.84              138,503.24        1,201,638.08


                           Continued table:

                                                                     Amount for the year                                                  Amount for previous year

                                                                                           Total      Cash flows                                                  Total       Cash flows
                                                  Operating                       comprehensive from operating             Operating                      comprehensive from operating
                           Name of subsidiary       revenue         Net profit          income          activities           revenue        Net profit           income         activities


                           Hisense Hitachi      1,739,115.83        293,252.02       293,252.02        258,231.18        2,074,427.24       348,577.13        348,577.13       277,912.89




228   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

       2.     Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
              subsidiary

             (1)    Note to change in the ownership interest in subsidiary

                     1)     In August 2025, the Company purchased the minority interests in Hisense Mould, its
                            subsidiary. Upon completion of the purchase, the Company’s shareholding in Hisense
                            Mould changed from 99.87% to 100.00%, and the Company still has control over Hisense
                            Mould.

                     2)     In September 2025, Hisense Mould, a subsidiary of the Company, acquired the minority
                            interests in Hisense K&B, a subsidiary of Hisense Mould, and the Company’s
                            shareholding in Hisense K&B changed from 74.00% to 100.00% upon completion of the
                            acquisition, and the Company still has control over Hisense Mould.

                     3)     In December 2025, Hisense Japan Automotive Air-Conditioning Systems Corporation
                            (SPV), a subsidiary of the Company, disposed 2 million shares of Sanden Corporation
                            held by it. The Group’s shareholding in Sanden Corporation changed from 74.95% to
                            73.16% upon the disposal, but the Company still has control over SPV.

             (2)    Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity

                     ①      Purchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Hisense K&B

                            Item                                                                                   Hisense K&B

                            Cash                                                                                   94,290,516.95
                            Total cost of purchase                                                                 94,290,516.95
                            Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding percentage
                                    acquired                                                                       90,958,519.62
                            Difference                                                                              3,331,997.33
                            Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                              -3,331,997.33




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   229
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        2.       Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
                 subsidiary (continued)

                (2)        Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity (continued)

                           ②      Purchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Hisense Mould

                                  Item                                                                               Hisense Mould

                                  Cash                                                                                  1,289,760.00
                                  Total cost of purchase                                                                1,289,760.00
                                  Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding percentage
                                          acquired                                                                      1,352,207.50
                                  Difference                                                                              -62,447.50
                                  Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                                62,447.50

                           ③      Disposal of partial shares in Sanden Corporation

                                  Item                                                                           Sanden Corporation

                                  Cash                                                                                 13,138,495.20
                                  Total consideration of the disposal                                                  13,138,495.20
                                  Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding percentage
                                          acquired                                                                     21,584,276.95
                                  Difference                                                                           -8,445,781.75
                                  Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                            -8,445,781.75


        3.       Interests in joint ventures or associates

                (1)        Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates (Unit:
                           RMB’0000)

                                                                                                     Closing                Opening
                                                                                            balance/Amount          balance/Amount
                           Item                                                                 for the year       for previous year

                           Joint ventures                                                                  –                      –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                     6,814.45               5,564.29
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                         –                      –
                             – Net profit                                                            -361.94              -1,633.15
                             – Other comprehensive income                                             463.81                 207.97
                             – Total comprehensive income                                             101.87              -1,425.18
                           Associates                                                                      –                      –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                   193,707.17             170,929.40
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                         –                      –
                             – Net profit                                                          40,335.59              31,297.43
                             – Other comprehensive income                                           7,381.29              -3,372.30
                             – Total comprehensive income                                          47,716.88              27,925.13




230   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


IX.    GOVERNMENT GRANTS

       1.     Government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year

              The Group had no government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year.

       2.     Liability items involving government grants

                                                          Amount of Amount included
                                           Opening        new grants in other income         Changes in         Closing        Asset-related/
              Government grant items       balance       for the year    for the year     exchange rate         balance       income-related

              Deferred income          333,783,388.16   171,821,170.73    89,711,058.29    10,819,262.91   426,712,763.51         Asset-related
              Deferred income              809,500.00       410,000.00       200,000.00                      1,019,500.00       Income-related


              Total                    334,592,888.16   172,231,170.73    89,911,058.29    10,819,262.91   427,732,263.51


       3.     Government grants included in profit or loss

                                                                                                Amount for               Amount for
              Accounting items                                                                    the Year         the previous year

              Other income                                                                    493,728,759.53                571,751,393.27
              Non-operating income                                                             57,036,165.06                104,380,000.00


X.     RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

       The Group faces a variety of financial instrument risks in its daily activities, which primarily include market
       risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The risks associated with
       these financial instruments and the risk management policies adopted by the Group to mitigate these risks are
       described below. The Group’s management manages and monitors these risk exposures to ensure that the
       above risks are controlled within a limited range.

       1.     Various risk management objectives and policies

              The Group engages in risk management with the objective of striking an appropriate balance between
              risk and return, minimise the negative impact of risks on the Group’s operating results and maximises
              the interests of shareholders and other equity investors. Based on this risk management objective, the
              basic strategy of the Group’s risk management is to identify and analyse various risks faced by the
              Group, establish appropriate risk tolerance thresholds to manage the risks, and monitor various risks in
              a timely and reliable manner to control the risks within a limited range.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025      231
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                (1)        Market risk

                           1)    Exchange rate risk

                                 The Group’s exposure to exchange rate risk is primarily related to USD, EUR and JPY.
                                 Such risk is due to sales or purchases made by the Group in currencies other than its
                                 reporting currency. The exchange rate risk arising from monetary assets and liabilities
                                 held by the Group in foreign currencies may have an impact on the Group’s results of
                                 business operations.

                                 As at 31 December 2025, for US dollar-denominated financial assets and US dollar-
                                 denominated financial liabilities held by subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the
                                 US dollar, a 5% appreciation or depreciation of the US dollar against other currencies,
                                 with all other variables held constant, would decrease or increase the Group’s profit
                                 before tax by approximately RMB4,799,179.78 (31 December 2024: decrease or increase
                                 by approximately RMB11,939,691.84).

                                 As at 31 December 2025, for Euro-denominated financial assets and Euro-denominated
                                 financial liabilities held by subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the Euro,a 5%
                                 appreciation or depreciation of the euro against other currencies, with all other variables
                                 held constant, would increase or decrease the Group’s profit before tax by approximately
                                 RMB1,029,791.50 (31 December 2024: increase or decrease by approximately
                                 RMB10,859,230.27).

                                 As at 31 December 2025, for JPY-denominated financial assets and JPY-denominated
                                 financial liabilities held by subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the JPY, a 5%
                                 appreciation or depreciation of the Yen against other currencies, with all other variables
                                 held constant, would decrease or increase the Group’s profit before tax by approximately
                                 RMB2,703,878.14 (31 December 2024: decrease or increase by approximately
                                 RMB3,641,228.74).

                                 The Group pays close attention to the impact of exchange rate changes on the Group, and
                                 through research and judgement on the trend of foreign exchange rates, the Group duly
                                 operates forward settlement/purchase of foreign exchange to effectively counteract
                                 market risks and ensure a reasonable level of profit for the Company.

                           2)    Interest rate risk

                                 The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing debts such as bank loans.
                                 Financial liabilities with floating interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
                                 rate risk, while financial liabilities with fixed interest rates expose the Group to fair
                                 value interest rate risk. The Group determines the relative proportions of fixed-rate and
                                 floating-rate contracts based on the prevailing market conditions. As at 31 December
                                 2025, the Group’s interest-bearing debts mainly consisted of fixed-rate loan contracts
                                 denominated in Yen, totalling to RMB3,080,275,599.13 and the floating-rate contracts
                                 denominated in Yen, totalling to RMB314,260,496.01.




232   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


X.     RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

       1.     Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

             (1)    Market risk (continued)

                     2)     Interest rate risk (continued)

                            The Group’s risk of changes in fair value of financial instruments resulted from the
                            changes in interest rates is mainly associated with fixed-rate bank loans. For fixed-rate
                            loans, the Group manages interest rate risk by closely monitoring changes in market
                            interest rates and periodically reviewing its borrowing facilities, thereby eliminating fair
                            value risk arising from interest rate fluctuations.

                            The Group’s risk of changes in cash flow of financial instruments resulted from the
                            changes in interest rates is mainly associated with floating-rate bank loans. The Group’s
                            policy is to maintain these loans at floating rates, so as to eliminate fair value risks
                            arising from changes in interest rate.

             (2)    Credit risk

                     The Group manages credit risk by portfolio classification. Credit risk mainly arises from
                     monetary funds, notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables,
                     contract assets, etc.

                     The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with
                     higher credit rating. The Board of the Group believes these assets are not exposed to significant
                     credit risk that would cause financial losses.

                     The Group mitigates its exposure to risks in respect of trade and other receivables by dealing
                     with diversified customers with healthy financial positions. Certain new customers are required
                     by the Group to make cash payment in order to minimise credit risk. The Group seeks to
                     maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control policy to
                     minimize credit risk. In addition, all receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and
                     overdue balances are followed up by senior management.

                     The credit risk on derivative instruments is not significant as the counterparties are high
                     creditworthy banks rated by international credit-rating agencies.

                     The maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of
                     financial assets shown on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   233
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                (3)        Liquidity risk

                           In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and cash
                           equivalents at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance the
                           Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The
                           Group’s treasury department is responsible for maintaining a balance between continuity of
                           funding and flexibility through the use of bank credit in order to meet the Group’s liquidity
                           requirements.

                           In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the
                           liquidity of the Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability
                           of borrowings and loan financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that the
                           Group has adequate funding to fulfill its short-term obligations and capital expenditure
                           requirements.

                           1) the undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and financial liabilities of the
                           Group based on maturity date were as follows:

                           31 December 2025

                           Item                             Within 1 year      1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                           Financial assets
                           Cash at bank and on hand     3,496,408,124.80                                                          3,496,408,124.80
                           Transactional financial
                             assets                    19,155,470,449.17                                                         19,155,470,449.17
                           Notes receivable               133,966,706.98                                                            133,966,706.98
                           Accounts receivable          9,389,095,596.70                                                          9,389,095,596.70
                           Accounts receivable
                             financing                  4,607,438,550.93                                                          4,607,438,550.93
                           Other receivables              194,120,733.79                                                            194,120,733.79
                           Other current assets         1,346,154,726.55                                                          1,346,154,726.55
                           Non-current assets due
                             within one year            5,358,503,333.34                                                          5,358,503,333.34
                           Other non-current financial
                             assets                                                                              20,542,302.26       20,542,302.26
                           Other non-current assets                          413,126,666.66   3,705,415,069.44                    4,118,541,736.10

                           Total                         43,681,158,222.26   413,126,666.66   3,705,415,069.44   20,542,302.26   47,820,242,260.62


                           Financial liabilities
                           Short-term borrowings          3,300,806,097.01                                                        3,300,806,097.01
                           Transactional financial
                             liabilities                      1,813,733.43                                                            1,813,733.43
                           Notes payable                 11,118,152,519.63                                                       11,118,152,519.63
                           Accounts payable              17,188,122,162.23                                                       17,188,122,162.23
                           Other payables                 5,208,635,578.14                                                        5,208,635,578.14
                           Other current liabilities      6,084,406,182.57                                                        6,084,406,182.57
                           Non-current liabilities due
                             within one year               122,774,132.01                                                          122,774,132.01
                           Lease liabilities                                  65,890,264.37     62,029,772.61    12,651,790.04     140,571,827.02
                           Long-term borrowings                                6,490,489.15     77,330,415.07     6,730,010.48      90,550,914.70

                           Total                         43,024,710,405.02    72,380,753.52    139,360,187.68    19,381,800.52   43,255,833,146.74


234   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


X.     RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

       1.     Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

             (3)    Liquidity risk (continued)

                     31 December 2024

                     Item                             Within 1 year        1 to 2 years     2 to 5 years   Over 5 years                Total

                     Financial assets
                     Cash at bank and on hand     4,397,693,443.73                                                          4,397,693,443.73
                     Transactional financial
                       assets                    16,209,276,762.85                                                         16,209,276,762.85
                     Notes receivable               459,013,499.65                                                            459,013,499.65
                     Accounts receivable         10,480,609,898.16                                                         10,480,609,898.16
                     Accounts receivable
                       financing                  6,000,519,893.99                                                          6,000,519,893.99
                     Other receivables              242,816,255.92                                                            242,816,255.92
                     Other current assets           631,618,371.84                                                            631,618,371.84
                     Non-current assets due
                       within one year            4,883,695,277.78                                                          4,883,695,277.78
                     Other non-current financial
                       assets                                                                              21,332,417.54       21,332,417.54
                     Other non-current assets                          5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44                    5,629,989,722.22


                     Total                         43,305,243,403.92   5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44   21,332,417.54   48,956,565,543.68


                     Financial liabilities
                     Short-term borrowings          2,708,715,351.46                                                        2,708,715,351.46
                     Transactional financial
                       liabilities                      3,552,841.18                                                            3,552,841.18
                     Notes payable                 16,132,766,497.33                                                       16,132,766,497.33
                     Accounts payable              12,848,289,233.62                                                       12,848,289,233.62
                     Other payables                 5,389,842,305.97                                                        5,389,842,305.97
                     Other current liabilities      6,913,302,837.03                                                        6,913,302,837.03
                     Non-current liabilities due
                       within one year               107,586,373.00                                                          107,586,373.00
                     Lease liabilities                                   67,815,662.36     90,765,474.28   18,453,261.32     177,034,397.96
                     Long-term borrowings                                                  68,751,987.49                      68,751,987.49


                     Total                         44,104,055,439.59     67,815,662.36    159,517,461.77   18,453,261.32   44,349,841,825.04




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   235
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        2.       Transfer of financial assets

                (1)        Classification of transfer methods

                                                      Nature of                   Amount of
                                                      transferred                transferred
                           Transfer methods           financial assets       financial assets   Derecognition      Basis for determining derecognition

                           Endorsement or           Notes receivable              591,661.00    Not derecognised   Almost all of its risks and rewards have
                             discounting of notes                                                                    been retained, including the related
                                                                                                                     default risk.
                           Endorsement or             Receivables           5,641,244,718.74    Derecognised       Almost all of its risks and rewards have
                             discounting of notes       financing                                                    been transferred.


                           Total                                            5,641,836,379.74


                (2)        Financial assets derecognised due to transfer

                                                                         Method for the transfer      Amount of financial        Gain or loss related to
                           Item                                          of financial assets          assets derecognised        derecognition

                           Receivables financing                         Endorsement or                    5,641,244,718.74               -10,541,797.79
                                                                         discounting of notes


                           Total                                                                           5,641,244,718.74               -10,541,797.79




236   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XI.    DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

       1.     Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the Year

                                                                                            Fair value as at the end of the Year
                                                                      Level 1 fair value   Level 2 fair value      Level 3 fair value
              Item                                                        measurement          measurement             measurement                      Total


              I.     Fair value measurement on a recurring basis                      –                    –                       –                        –
                     (i) Transactional financial assets                    4,137,000.00        26,426,742.91       19,124,906,706.26        19,155,470,449.17
                           1. Financial assets at fair value
                                through profit or loss                     4,137,000.00        26,426,742.91       19,124,906,706.26        19,155,470,449.17
                                (1) Wealth management products                                                     19,124,906,706.26        19,124,906,706.26
                                (2) Derivative financial assets                                26,426,742.91                                    26,426,742.91
                                (3) Stocks, bonds, funds                   4,137,000.00                                                          4,137,000.00
                     (ii) Other debt investments                                                                     4,607,438,550.93        4,607,438,550.93
                           1. Receivables financing                                                                  4,607,438,550.93        4,607,438,550.93
                     (iii) Other equity instrument investments            15,722,644.09                                 25,931,089.19           41,653,733.28
                     (iv) Other non-current financial assets                                                            20,542,302.26           20,542,302.26
              Total assets measured at fair value on a
                   recurring basis                                        19,859,644.09        26,426,742.91       23,778,818,648.64        23,825,105,035.64
                   (v) Transactional financial liabilities                                      1,813,733.43                                     1,813,733.43
                         1. Financial liabilities at fair value
                               through profit or loss                                           1,813,733.43                                     1,813,733.43
                               (1) Derivative financial liabilities                             1,813,733.43                                     1,813,733.43
              Total liabilities measured at fair value on a
                   recurring basis                                                              1,813,733.43                                     1,813,733.43


       2.     Basis for determination of the market value of Level 1 fair value measurements on a recurring
              and non-recurring basis

              For transactional financial assets held by the Group subject to Level 1 fair value measurements, the
              quoted market prices of the corresponding products and investments in the open market shall be used as
              the basis for determining the market value.

       3.     Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
              for items at level 2 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

              The Group’s items at level 2 fair value measurement are forward foreign exchange settlement and sales
              contracts. As at the balance sheet date, the Group had obtained forward exchange rate quotations from
              contracted banks, which were determined based on the remaining term to maturity. The fair value of
              such forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts were determined by multiplying the
              difference between the quotations and agreed exchange rates for such forward foreign exchange
              settlement and sales contracts by the amount for forward foreign exchange settlement and sales.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   237
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XI.     DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (continued)

        4.       Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
                 for items at Level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

                 The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products, receivables financing, other investments in
                 equity instruments, and other non-current financial assets. The wealth management products forecast
                 future cash flows using the expected rate of return and the unobservable input value is the expected rate
                 of return. The receivables financing are notes receivable held by the Group having relatively short
                 remaining maturity with their carrying amount appropriate to fair value, and adopt carrying amount as
                 their fair value. Other investments in equity instruments are mainly equity investments for which there
                 is no observable and active market data to validate the financial projections using their own data.

                 A gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB201,806,174.44 was recognised in respect of the
                 wealth management products during the year. Changes in the unobservable input (expected rate of
                 return) do not result in significant changes in fair value. At the end of the year, the Group determined
                 the fair value to be the forecast future cash flows based on the expected rate of return, and the changes
                 in valuation techniques had a relatively insignificant impact on the financial statements.

XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

        1.       Relationship with related parties

                (1)        Parent company of the Company

                                                                                                                                           Parent              Parent
                                                                                                                                        company’s          company’s
                                                                                                                                     percentage of      percentage of
                                                                                                                     Registered      shareholding        voting rights
                           Name of the                Place of                                                          capital   in the Company     in the Company
                           parent company             registration   Business nature                                (RMB0’000)                 (%)                 (%)

                           Qingdao Hisense Air –      Qingdao        Manufacture of air – conditioners and moulds       67,479              37.31              37.31
                             Conditioning Co., Ltd.                  and provision of after-sale services


                           The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and
                           the Company has no actual controller. The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is
                           Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and the Company has no actual controller.

                (2)        Subsidiaries of the Company

                           For details of subsidiaries, please refer to relevant information as set out in “VIII. 1.(1) Major
                           composition of the enterprise group” in the Notes.




238   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       1.     Relationship with related parties (continued)

             (3)    Joint ventures and associates of the Company

                     Other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company during
                     the Year, or had balances arising from related party transactions with the Company in the
                     pervious periods, are as follows:

                     Name of joint ventures or associates                               Relationship with the Company

                     Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                           Associate
                     Hisense Marketing Management                                       Joint venture
                     Hisense Huanya Holdings                                            Joint venture
                     Hisense Star Ocean Technology                                      Associate
                     Hisense International Marketing                                    Associate
                     Hisense Intelligent Electronic                                     Associate
                     Associates of Yiyang Entrepreneurship Investment                   Associate
                     Associates of Sanden Company                                       Associate


             (4)    Other related parties of the Company

                     Name of joint ventures or associates                               Relationship with the Company

                     Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Hisense    Indirect holding company and other
                       Group Holdings and its subsidiaries”) (Note 1)                     subsidiaries controlled by them
                     Qingdao Hisense Investment Development Co., Ltd.                   Other related parties
                       and its subsidiaries (“Hisense Investment Development and its
                       subsidiaries”) (Note 1)
                     Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)                      Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                                                                                          company
                     Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Hisense Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                       Visual and its subsidiaries”)                                      company
                     Hisense Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries (“Hisense       Related parties with significant
                       Group and its subsidiaries”)                                       influence over indirect controlling
                                                                                          shareholders of the Company
                     Haifeng Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries (“Haifeng       Related parties with significant
                       Group and its subsidiaries”)                                       influence over indirect controlling
                                                                                          shareholders of the Company
                     Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited (“Xuehua Group”)              Minority shareholder of Beijing
                                                                                          Refrigerator
                     Bosch Home Comfort UK Holding Limited (“Bosch Home                 Controlling shareholder of the minority
                       Comfort”, formerly known as Johnson Controls-Hitachi)              shareholder of Hisense Hitachi
                     ANNTO Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries Other related parties
                       (“ANNTO and its subsidiaries”)

                    Note 1: In June 2025, Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. was split into Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. (the
                            surviving company, hereinafter referred to as the “Surviving Company”) and Qingdao Hisense
                            Investment Development Co., Ltd. (the newly established company, hereinafter referred to as the
                            “Newly Established Company”) by way of a demerger. After the demerger, the Newly Established
                            Company assumed the assets and liabilities relating to the equity investments in Qingdao Shitong
                            Shenghe Trading Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense Real Estate Company Limited, Qingdao Hisense
                            Technology and Culture Management Co., Ltd., Qingdao Hisense Financial Investment Co., Ltd.,
                            Qingdao (Shinan) Hisense School and Qingdao Haixin Shi Ye Holding Co. Ltd., as well as the
                            relevant assets and liabilities of Hisense Hospital, a branch of Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd..
                            The remaining assets and liabilities were assumed by the Surviving Company.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   239
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        1.       Relationship with related parties (continued)

                (4)        Other related parties of the Company (continued)

                           Following the demerger, the Newly Established Company and its subsidiaries no longer
                           indirectly hold shares in the Company. However, as they were part of or subsidiaries of the
                           Group’s indirect controlling shareholder within the 12 months prior to the balance sheet date,
                           they remain related legal persons of the Group under the relevant provisions of the “Accounting
                           Standards for Enterprises No.36 – Disclosure of Related Parties”, the “Rules Governing the
                           Listing of Shares on Shenzhen Stock Exchange”, the “Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
                           on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” and the “Administrative Measures for Related Party
                           Transactions of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.”.

                           As the aforementioned demerger occurred in mid-2025, the relevant caps for continuing
                           connected transactions approved at the general meeting of the Company on 25 January 2024
                           were determined based on the scope of group members and business scale prior to the demerger.
                           Therefore, the connected transactions and relevant connected balances between the Newly
                           Established Company and its subsidiaries and the Company for the current year continue to be
                           presented under “Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries” on the original basis. For details,
                           please refer to “2. Related party transactions” and “3. Receivables from and payables to related
                           parties” in this chapter.




240   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       2.     Related party transactions

             (1)    Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                   Amount for the year                                                            Amount for the previous year
                                                                                                     Percentage of                             Whether the                              Percentage of
                                                     Particulars of                                  the amount of           Approved      transaction limit                            the amount of
                                                     related party                                          similar   transaction limit          is exceeded                                   similar
                     Related party                   transactions                   Amount         transactions (%)      (if applicable)      (if applicable)           Amount        transactions (%)

                     Hisense Holdings and its
                       subsidiaries                  Finished goods          348,513,140.11                   0.50                                               364,094,200.13                   0.50
                     Hisense Holdings and its
                                                                                                                      6,530,000,000.00                   No
                       subsidiaries                  Materials              1,820,087,372.03                  2.63                                              1,914,458,727.46                  2.61
                     Hisense Holdings and its
                       subsidiaries                  Rendering of Service   2,185,707,545.65                  3.16                                              1,648,215,361.68                  2.24
                     Hisense Holdings and its
                                                                                                                                   N/A                  N/A
                       subsidiaries                  Equipment                  6,711,280.73                  0.01                                                24,063,207.54                   0.03


                     Subtotal purchase of Hisense
                       Holdings and its
                       subsidiaries                                         4,361,019,338.52                  6.30                                              3,950,831,496.81                  5.38


                     Hisense Visual and its
                       subsidiaries                  Finished goods           35,341,207.69                   0.05                                                20,050,168.50                   0.03
                     Hisense Visual and its
                                                                                                                        390,000,000.00                   No
                       subsidiaries                  Materials                56,125,478.40                   0.08                                               188,262,652.97                   0.26
                     Hisense Visual and its
                       subsidiaries                  Rendering of Service    121,013,427.10                   0.17                                               116,558,683.57                   0.16


                     Subtotal purchase of Hisense
                       Visual and its subsidiaries                           212,480,113.19                   0.30                                               324,871,505.04                   0.44


                     Bosch Home Comfort and its
                       subsidiaries             Finished goods                                                                                                    61,339,893.96                   0.08
                     Bosch Home Comfort and its
                                                                                                                      1,862,580,000.00                   No
                       subsidiaries             Materials                    758,125,631.94                   1.10                                               856,590,046.24                   1.17
                     Bosch Home Comfort and its
                       subsidiaries             Rendering of Service          11,907,299.32                   0.02                                                14,465,010.53                   0.02


                     Subtotal of Bosch Home
                       Comfort and its
                       subsidiaries                                          770,032,931.26                   1.12                                               932,394,950.73                   1.27


                     Hisense Group and its
                       subsidiaries             Materials                                                                                                               6,256.30                  0.00
                     Hisense Group and its
                       subsidiaries             Rendering of Service          10,657,850.67                   0.02                                                11,938,557.87                   0.02
                     SITC Group and its
                                                                                                                                   N/A                  N/A
                       subsidiaries             Finished goods                                                                                                        96,237.16                   0.00
                     SITC Group and its
                       subsidiaries             Rendering of Service                                                                                                 533,649.68                   0.00
                     Associates of Sanden
                       Company                  Materials                    305,006,433.78                   0.44                                               405,757,131.03                   0.55
                     ANNTO and its subsidiaries Rendering of Service          96,478,436.35                   0.14                 N/A                  N/A


                     Subtotal                                                412,142,720.80                   0.60                                               418,331,832.04                   0.57


                    Note:            The lease payment amounted to RMB63,740,070 recognised by the Company as a lessee was
                                     included in the “receipt of services” under related party transactions during the Year.




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025               241
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (2)        Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                                                         Amount for the year                                                             Amount for the previous year
                                                                                                           Percentage of                             Whether the                               Percentage of
                                                          Particulars of                                   the amount of           Approved      transaction limit                             the amount of
                                                          related party                                           similar   transaction limit          is exceeded                                    similar
                           Related party                  transactions                    Amount         transactions (%)      (if applicable)      (if applicable)            Amount        transactions (%)

                           Hisense Holdings and its
                             subsidiaries                 Finished goods         31,056,156,769.87                 35.32                                              28,567,069,554.81                 30.80
                           Hisense Holdings and its
                             subsidiaries                 Materials                571,917,635.83                   0.65                                                633,332,220.10                   0.68
                                                                                                                            39,200,000,000.00                  No
                           Hisense Holdings and its
                             subsidiaries                 Moulds                    27,753,316.03                   0.03                                                 35,238,250.06                   0.04
                           Hisense Holdings and its
                             subsidiaries                 Rendering of service      75,875,898.53                   0.09                                                 63,645,456.00                   0.07
                           Hisense Holdings and its
                             subsidiaries                 Equipment                 12,480,489.96                   0.01                 N/A                  N/A            96,919.97                   0.00

                           Subtotal of Hisense Holdings
                             and its subsidiaries                                31,744,184,110.22                 36.10                                              29,299,382,400.94                 31.59


                           Hisense Visual and its
                             subsidiaries                 Finished goods           474,547,356.75                   0.54                                                674,416,417.76                   0.73
                           Hisense Visual and its
                             subsidiaries                 Materials                 99,551,235.02                   0.11                                                136,533,121.45                   0.15
                                                                                                                             1,130,000,000.00                  No
                           Hisense Visual and its
                             subsidiaries                 Moulds                    11,947,296.51                   0.01                                                 36,252,890.71                   0.04
                           Hisense Visual and its
                             subsidiaries                 Rendering of service      17,729,535.39                   0.02                                                   8,429,916.24                  0.01
                           Hisense Visual and its
                             subsidiaries                 Equipment                    109,626.92                   0.00                 N/A                  N/A            24,103.65                   0.00

                           Subtotal of Hisense Visual
                             and its subsidiaries                                  603,885,050.59                   0.68                                                855,656,449.81                   0.93


                           Bosch Home Comfort and its
                             subsidiaries             Finished goods               403,781,931.83                   0.46                                                363,015,195.17                   0.39
                           Bosch Home Comfort and its
                             subsidiaries             Materials                       8,061,272.65                  0.01                                                   9,118,573.58                  0.01
                                                                                                                              607,110,000.00                   No
                           Bosch Home Comfort and its
                             subsidiaries             Moulds                                                                                                               2,565,656.33                  0.00
                           Bosch Home Comfort and its
                             subsidiaries             Rendering of service                                                                                                 2,991,543.21                  0.00

                           Subtotal of Bosch Home
                             Comfort and its
                             subsidiaries                                          411,843,204.48                   0.47                                                377,690,968.29                   0.40


                           Hisense Group and its
                             subsidiaries             Finished goods                    71,132.76                   0.00                                                    104,867.27                   0.00
                           Hisense Group and its
                             subsidiaries             Rendering of service                                                                                                   51,856.56                   0.00
                           Xuehua Group               Rendering of service             940,034.88                   0.00                 N/A                  N/A           235,008.72                   0.00
                           Associates of Sanden
                             Company                  Finished goods               694,130,264.94                   0.79                                                994,302,757.41                   1.07
                           ANNTO and its subsidiaries Finished goods                   114,080.66                   0.00
                           ANNTO and its subsidiaries Materials                          3,033.17                   0.00

                           Subtotal                                                695,258,546.41                   0.79                                                994,694,489.96                   1.07


                           Note:           The lease revenue amounted to RMB14,310,300 recognised by the Company as a lessor was included
                                           in the “rendering of services” under related party transactions during the Year.




242   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (2)    Sale of goods/rendering of service (continued)

                     The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the
                     Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023, the first
                     special meeting of independent directors of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in
                     2024 convened on 22 January 2024, the second interim meeting of the Company’s eleventh
                     session of the Board in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, and the first extraordinary general
                     meeting in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, respectively.

                     The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Bosch Home Comfort and its
                     subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                     Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have complied with the
                     disclosure and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                     Listing Rules (provided that the Company and Bosch Home Comfort entered into a Business
                     Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved the transactions and the Directors
                     (including the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the
                     transactions are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual
                     course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a
                     whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with Bosch Home Comfort are exempt from the
                     circular, independent financial advice and shareholders’ approval requirements under 14A.101
                     of the Listing Rules).

                     Other than the above transactions and those referred in “1) under (5) Other connected
                     transactions”, other connected transactions conducted in 2025 as disclosed in note 12 of the
                     financial statements in the 2025 annual report do not constitute connected transactions under
                     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

             (3)    Related guarantees

                     1)     As a guarantor

                            None.

                     2)     As guaranteed party

                            None.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   243
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (4)        Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                                                             Amount of loans
                           Name of related parties          and borrowings     Start date   Expiry date   Closing balance   Remarks

                           Placements
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its     294,882,400.00    2024/4/26     2025/4/25                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB6,064,055.54 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its     299,073,900.00    2025/4/25     2026/4/24    299,073,900.00   An interest expense of RMB11,453,135.40 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its     397,852,000.00    2024/5/17     2025/5/16                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB9,529,550.67 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its     402,852,800.00    2025/5/16     2026/5/15    402,852,800.00   An interest expense of RMB14,093,410.34 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      28,442,400.00    2024/5/29     2025/5/29                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB741,842.58 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      28,762,800.00    2025/5/29     2026/5/29     28,762,800.00   An interest expense of RMB945,278.89 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,815,830.00    2024/5/14     2025/5/14                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB184,600.01 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,915,160.00    2025/5/14     2026/5/14      7,915,160.00   An interest expense of RMB279,281.78 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      12,943,980.00   2024/12/19    2025/12/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB723,585.54 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      13,132,225.00    2024/3/19     2025/3/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB188,579.66 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      13,263,945.00    2025/3/19     2026/3/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB555,074.48 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,105,800.00    2024/4/25     2025/4/25                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB146,121.79 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,206,600.00    2025/4/25     2026/4/24      7,206,600.00   An interest expense of RMB275,979.17 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       6,407,280.00    2024/6/20     2025/6/20                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB158,446.19 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      13,699,719.00    2024/9/19     2025/9/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB528,800.84 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       9,460,024.00    2025/9/19     2026/9/18      9,460,024.00   An interest expense of RMB137,577.42 was
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its      12,224,870.00   2024/12/19    2025/12/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB683,386.30 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its       6,739,518.00    2025/3/19     2026/3/19                     Repaid, an interest expense of
                             subsidiaries                                                                                     RMB282,037.79 was paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its                                                                   An interest expense of RMB220,783.42 was
                             subsidiaries                       5,765,280.00    2025/4/25     2026/4/24      5,765,280.00     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its                                                                   An interest expense of RMB200,902.37 was
                             subsidiaries                       6,814,255.00    2025/6/19     2026/6/19      6,814,255.00     paid during the year
                           Hisense Group Holdings and its                                                                   An interest expense of RMB174,816.35 was
                             subsidiaries                      12,020,632.00    2025/9/19     2026/9/18     12,020,632.00     paid during the year




244   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (5)    Other connected transactions

                     1)     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had balance of bank deposit of RMB11,875,580,600
                            (listed in monetary funds, other current assets, other non-current assets due within one
                            year and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity), net
                            deposit and withdrawal of RMB-224,319,700, and balance of notes payable of
                            RMB934,939,100 with Hisense Finance. The Group recognised the loan amount of
                            Hisense Finance of RMB146,055,000, the amount of loan interest of RMB32,341,200, the
                            amount of discounted interest paid for notes of RMB38,100, the amount of handling fees
                            paid for electronic bank acceptance notes of RMB991,200, and the amount of handling
                            fees for settlement services paid for receipt and payment of funds of RMB2,749,300.
                            Interest income from bank deposits of RMB264,061,100 was recognised for Hisense
                            Finance. During the Year, the amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of
                            foreign exchange services provided by Hisense Finance to the Group was
                            RMB67,107,500, and the amount for provision of discounted notes was RMB30,225,500.

                     2)     The Company held the fifth Interim meeting of the twelfth Session of the Board on 24
                            September 2025, at which it considered and approved the “Equity Transfer Agreement””
                            to be entered into between Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary
                            of the Company, and Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. Pursuant to the agreement,
                            Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd. will acquire the 26.0006% equity interest in Hisense
                            (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd. held by Hisense Visual Technology Co.,
                            Ltd. with its own funds. Upon completion of the transfer, Hisense Mould will hold 100%
                            of the equity interest in Hisense Kitchen and Bath. The transaction price was determined
                            based on the appraised market value. It is fixed at RMB94,290,516.95 based on the
                            appraised value of the total equity of Hisense Kitchen & Bath of RMB150,503,900.00 as
                            at the benchmark date of 30 June 2025 (audited), after deducting the dividend of
                            RMB56,213,383.05 already received by Hisense Visual.

                     3)     The Company held the fifth Interim meeting of the twelfth Session of the Board on, 24
                            September 2025, at which the “Asset Group Transfer Agreement” to be entered into by
                            the Company’s subsidiaries, Hisense Mould and Hisense Kitchen & Bath, with Hisense
                            Visual was considered and approved. Pursuant to the agreement, Hisense Mould and
                            Hisense Kitchen & Bath will sell the Huangdao Visual Plastic & Metal Workshop asset
                            group jointly held by them to Hisense Visual. The transaction price was determined
                            based on the appraised market value, and is fixed at RMB140,593,300 based on the
                            current assets, fixed assets, construction in progress and current liabilities of Hisense
                            Mould and Hisense Kitchen & Bath as at the benchmark date of 31 August 2025. The
                            transaction amount for the year was RMB44,383,400 (excluding VAT).




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   245
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (5)        Other connected transactions (continued)

                           4)    The Company held the fifth Interim meeting of the twelfth Session of the Board on, 24
                                 September 2025, at which the “Asset Group Transfer Agreement” to be entered into by
                                 the Company’s subsidiaries, Hisense (Guangdong) Mould Co., Ltd. and Foshan Shunde
                                 Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd., with Guangdong Hisense Electronics Co., Ltd was considered
                                 and approved. Pursuant to the agreement, Hisense (Guangdong) Mould Co., Ltd. and
                                 Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd. will sell the jointly held Jiangmen electronic
                                 plastic workshop asset group to Guangdong Hisense Electronics Co., Ltd. The transaction
                                 price was determined as RMB14,195,100 based on the current assets, fixed assets,
                                 construction in progress and current liabilities of Hisense (Guangdong) Mould Co., Ltd.
                                 and Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd. as at the benchmark date of 31 August
                                 2025. The transaction amount for the year was RMB8,918,200 (excluding VAT).

                           5)    The Company and Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
                                 “Hisense Visual”) jointly established Hisense Xinghai Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                                 (hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Xinghai Technology”) on 15 May 2025. The
                                 registered capital of Hisense Xinghai Technology is RMB30,000,000, with the Company
                                 and Hisense Visual each contributing 50% in cash. In July 2025, Hisense Group Holdings
                                 Co., Ltd. made a capital contribution to Hisense Xinghai Technology, resulting in a
                                 change in the Company’s shareholding ratio in Hisense Xinghai Technology to 30%.




246   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       3.     Receivables from and payables to related parties

             (1)    Receivables from related parties

                                                                                                         Closing balance                          Opening balance
                                                                                                                      Provision for                            Provision for
                     Item                      Related party                                        Book value           bad debts           Book value           bad debts

                     Receivables Financing     Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                8,944,983.77                            10,588,453.47
                     Receivables Financing     Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries       84,000,000.00                           164,553,211.50
                     Receivables Financing     Associates of Sanden Company                      12,138,991.83


                     Subtotal                                                                   105,083,975.60                           175,141,664.97


                     Notes receivable          Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                9,258,840.10                           292,454,447.58
                     Notes receivable          Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries       90,396,037.48                           159,387,903.36


                     Subtotal                                                                    99,654,877.58                           451,842,350.94


                     Interest receivable       Hisense Finance                                  341,272,304.80                           466,057,623.62


                     Subtotal                                                                   341,272,304.80                           466,057,623.62


                     Accounts receivable       Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries               133,017,503.44        1,283,765.71       97,931,519.34             113,650.00
                     Accounts receivable       Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                    228,165.03          228,165.03
                     Accounts receivable       Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries     5,612,301,194.45       20,316,010.88     6,225,859,286.42        9,827,845.46
                     Accounts receivable       Bosch Home Comfort Group and its subsidiaries      64,948,768.06                            75,247,912.85           34,360.55
                     Accounts receivable       Associates of Sanden Company                      189,206,485.30             85,159.10     166,213,804.97        1,750,797.48


                     Subtotal                                                                  5,999,702,116.28       21,913,100.72     6,565,252,523.58       11,726,653.49


                     Contract assets           Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries         2,078,454.00                             1,720,210.00


                     Subtotal                                                                      2,078,454.00                             1,720,210.00


                     Other receivables         Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                   819,743.58             18,000.00         197,248.50           18,000.00
                     Other receivables         Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries         5,715,235.35            542,386.50       9,435,029.58          533,787.71
                     Other receivables         Associates of Sanden Company                          250,079.94             33,676.14       3,838,023.43        2,854,887.75
                     Other receivables         Bosch Home Comfort Group and its subsidiaries                                                  163,187.90


                     Subtotal                                                                      6,785,058.87            594,062.64     13,633,489.41         3,406,675.46


                     Dividends receivable      Associates of Sanden Company                         625,590.11


                     Subtotal                                                                       625,590.11


                     Prepayments               Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                   15,844.03                               137,868.00
                     Prepayments               Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries      146,147,463.35                           281,709,404.04
                     Prepayments               Bosch Home Comfort Group and its subsidiaries         24,023.62


                     Subtotal                                                                   146,187,331.00                           281,847,272.04


                     Other non-current         Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                  771,991.79
                     Other non-current         Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries          858,913.37                              4,561,076.85


                     Subtotal                                                                      1,630,905.16                             4,561,076.85


                    Note:          Interest receivable in the above table represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the
                                   effective interest rate method. It is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial
                                   assets and is listed in other current assets, non-current assets due within one year, and other non-
                                   current assets according to holding intention and liquidit




                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          247
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)

                (2)        Payables to related parties

                           Item                      Related party                         Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Note payable              Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     15,781,245.14      12,700,039.71
                           Note payable              Hisense Group Holdings and its          36,115,222.33      93,448,068.28
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Note payable              Bosch Home Comfort Group and its       350,778,460.34     350,014,323.36
                                                       subsidiaries

                           Subtotal                                                         402,674,927.81     456,162,431.35

                           Accounts payable          Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      8,108,003.49       6,516,580.55
                           Accounts payable          Hisense Group Holdings and its         296,796,534.74     305,072,883.75
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Accounts payable          Bosch Home Comfort Group and its       125,341,035.31      50,548,531.17
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Accounts payable          Associates of Sanden Company            12,285,067.56      22,541,397.42
                           Accounts payable          Xuehua Group                                                  235,008.72
                           Accounts payable          Annto and its subsidiaries                  63,036.65

                           Subtotal                                                         442,593,677.75     384,914,401.61

                           Dividends payable         Bosch Home Comfort Group and its        77,438,308.67      71,307,333.26
                                                       subsidiaries

                           Subtotal                                                          77,438,308.67      71,307,333.26

                           Other payables            Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries         818,647.30        228,267.68
                           Other payables            Hisense Group and its subsidiaries          262,552.25
                           Other payables            Hisense Group Holdings and its        1,137,257,961.28   1,145,640,491.41
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Other payables            Bosch Home Comfort Group and its           200,000.00         631,190.00
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Other payables            Xuehua Group                               337,472.52         102,463.80
                           Other payables            Associates of Sanden Company            99,894,988.83      78,260,924.05
                           Other payables            Annto and its subsidiaries              11,014,732.76

                           Subtotal                                                        1,249,786,354.94   1,224,863,336.94

                           Advances                  Hisense Group Holdings and its                9,911.51
                                                       subsidiaries

                           Subtotal                                                                9,911.51

                           Contractual liabilities   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                            41,057.78
                           Contractual liabilities   Hisense Group Holdings and its          27,216,929.99     246,810,029.13
                                                       subsidiaries
                           Contractual liabilities   Bosch Home Comfort Group and its            21,114.74         121,863.74
                                                       subsidiaries

                           Subtotal                                                          27,238,044.73     246,972,950.65

                           Other non-current         Bosch Home Comfort Group and its       445,987,614.09     504,879,334.95
                            liabilities                subsidiaries

                           Subtotal                                                         445,987,614.09     504,879,334.95




248   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       4.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees

             (1)    The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows:

                     As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                                                               Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                              Emoluments of                        Pension        Share-
                                                                                                independent    Salaries and         scheme         based
                     Names                 Positions                       Status of office        directors    allowances    contributions     payments            Total

                     Executive Directors
                     Gao Yu Ling           Chairperson, Executive          Incumbent                                281.97             4.51       349.60           636.08
                                             Director, President
                     Jia Shao Qian         Executive Director              Incumbent                                                               190.10          190.10
                     Yu Zhi Tao            Executive Director              Incumbent                                                               101.38          101.38
                     Hu Jian Yong          Executive Director, President   Former                                   296.77             2.58       -104.37          194.98
                     Yin Bi Tong           Executive Director              Incumbent                                251.95             3.69        391.14          646.78
                     Zhu Dan               Executive Director              Former
                     Dai Hui Zhong         Executive Director              Incumbent                                 76.67             4.51       312.46           393.64
                     Fang Xue Yu           Executive Director              Incumbent

                     Independent
                       non-executive
                       Directors
                     Li Zhi Gang           Independent non-executive       Incumbent                   18.00                                                        18.00
                                             Directors
                     Tsoi Wing Sing        Independent non-executive       Incumbent                   18.00                                                        18.00
                                             Directors
                     Xu Guo Jun            Independent non-executive       Incumbent                   18.00                                                        18.00
                                             Directors


                     Total                                                                             54.00        907.36           15.29       1,240.31      2,216.96




                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025    249
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        4.       Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

                (1)        The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                           ①     Note: During the Year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any director as an
                                 inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None
                                 of the directors of the Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during
                                 the Year.

                           ②     Ms. Gao Yu Ling was appointed as the President of the Company on 30 July 2025.

                           ③     Ms. Fang Xue Yu was appointed as the Director of the Company on 18 September 2025

                           ④     Mr. Yin Bi Tong was appointed as an employee representative Director of the Company
                                 on 30 July 2025.

                           ⑤     Mr. Hu Jian Yong left the Company on 30 July 2025 and ceased to be President and
                                 Director of the Company.

                           ⑥     Mr. Zhu Dan left the Company on 30 July 2025 and ceased to be Director of the
                                 Company.

                           ⑦     The Company convened its 2024 annual general meeting on 25 June 2025, at which the
                                 “Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of Association and Relevant Rules of
                                 Procedure” was considered and approved. Following the approval, the Company no
                                 longer maintains a supervisory committee, and the functions and powers of the
                                 supervisory committee are now exercised by the audit committee of the board of
                                 directors. Mr. Liu Zhen Shun, Ms. Sun Jia Hui and Mr. Bao Yi ceased to serve as
                                 supervisors with effect from the date of approval by the general meeting.




250   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       4.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

             (1)    The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                     As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                                                          Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                       Emoluments of
                                                                           Status of     independent    Salaries and   Pension scheme    Share-based
                     Names                 Positions                       office           directors    allowances      contributions     payments            Total

                     Executive Directors
                     Gao Yu Ling           Chairperson, executive          Incumbent                         231.23               4.42        351.70          587.35
                                             Director
                     Jia Shao Qian         Executive Directors             Incumbent                                                          351.70        351.70
                     Yu Zhi Tao            Executive Directors             Incumbent                                                          136.30        136.30
                     Hu Jian Yong          Executive Director, President   Incumbent                         401.70               4.42        685.19      1,091.31
                     Zhu Dan               Executive Directors             Incumbent
                     Dai Hui Zhong         Executive Directors             Incumbent                         473.03               4.42        577.37      1,054.82
                     Xia Zhang Zhua        Executive Directors             Former                            204.95               4.42        300.91        510.28
                     Independent
                        non-executive
                        Directors
                     Li Zhi Gang           Independent non-executive       Incumbent            14.00                                                          14.00
                                             Directors
                     Tsoi Wing Sing        Independent non-executive       Incumbent             9.38                                                           9.38
                                             Directors
                     Xu Guo Jun            Independent non-executive       Incumbent             7.43                                                           7.43
                                             Directors
                     Zhong Geng Shen       Independent non-executive       Former                6.77                                                           6.77
                                             Directors
                     Cheung Sai Kit        Independent non-executive       Former               14.09                                                          14.09
                                             Directors
                     Supervisors
                     Liu Zhen Shun         Chairman of Supervisory         Incumbent
                                             Committee
                     Sun Jia Hui           Supervisor                      Incumbent
                     Bao Yi                Supervisor                      Incumbent                         145.89               4.42        172.87          323.18
                     Yin Zhi Xin           Supervisor                      Former                            211.63               4.42        174.75          390.80


                     Total                                                                      51.67       1,668.43             26.52      2,750.79      4,497.41




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025    251
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        4.       Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

                (2)        Five highest paid individuals

                           In 2025, three(2024: two) of the five highest paid individuals of the Company were the
                           Directors of the Company. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other two
                           individuals (2024: three) were as follows (in respect of the range of emoluments for 2025,
                           emoluments of two individuals exceeded RMB2,500,000 and were below RMB3,000,000; in
                           respect of the range of emoluments for 2024, emoluments of three individual exceeded
                           RMB2,500,000 and were below RMB3,000,000:

                                                                                                               Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                                Amount for            Amount for
                           Item                                                                   the Year      the Previous Year

                           Salaries and allowances                                                   507.52                 781.13
                           Pension scheme contributions                                                6.90                  13.27


                           Total                                                                     514.42                 794.40


                (3)        Emoluments of key management personnel

                                                                                                               Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                                Amount for            Amount for
                           Item                                                                   the Year      the Previous Year

                           Directors and supervisors
                           Emoluments, salaries and allowances of independent
                           directors                                                                 961.35               1,720.10
                           Pension scheme contributions                                               15.29                  26.54
                           Share-based payments                                                    1,240.30               2,750.80
                           Emoluments of other key management personnel
                           Salaries and allowances                                                   244.40                 213.37
                           Pension scheme contributions                                                9.03                   8.79
                           Share-based payments                                                      106.57                 158.69


                           Total                                                                   2,576.94               4,878.29

                           Note:   Key management personnel refer to the senior management who has the authority and responsibility
                                   for planning, directing and controlling the corporate activities.




252   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

       5.     Pension scheme

              In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined
              contribution pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of
              employees of the Group. According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension
              fund at certain percentage of the total salaries and wages of its employees.

XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

       1.     General information about share-based payments

             (1)    Overview on Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                     On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share
                     class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting considered and approved
                     the “Resolution on the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares (Draft) of the
                     Company and its Summary”, the “Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal
                     System of the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company” and the
                     “Resolution to Propose the General Meeting to Authorise the Board to Handle Matters Relating
                     to the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company”. On the same day,
                     the 2023 third extraordinary general meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2023
                     first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee were convened to consider
                     and approve the ‘’Proposal for the Granting of Restricted Shares to Incentive Recipients under
                     the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares”. The above resolutions determined
                     that the total number of restricted shares granted to 596 incentive recipients was 29,618,000
                     shares. As some of the incentive recipients forfeited the restricted shares granted to them, the
                     actual number of recipients of the first grant under the Incentive Scheme was 511, the number of
                     shares granted was 25,422,000 shares, and the grant price was RMB6.64 per share.：

                                                            Granted during the year    Exercised during the year   Unlocked during the year        Lapsed during the year
                     Categories of participants               Number          Amount      Number          Amount      Number         Amount           Number         Amount


                     Senior management and core personnel                                                          6,397,866.00 42,481,830.24     1,149,234.00   7,630,913.76


                     Total                                                                                         6,397,866.00 42,481,830.24     1,149,234.00   7,630,913.76




                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       253
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

        1.       General information about share-based payments (continued)

                (2)        Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                           1)    2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                                 The Company held the 2022 tenth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
                                 and the 2022 fourth meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee on 30
                                 December 2022, and the 2023 first A Share class general meeting and the 2023 first H
                                 Share class general meeting on 28 February 2023, which considered and approved
                                 relevant resolutions, such as the “Resolution on the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership
                                 Plan for A Shares of the Company and its Summary” and the “Resolution on the
                                 Administrative Measures for the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of
                                 the Company”, agreeing to implement the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A
                                 Shares and authorising the Board to handle the matters in relation to the 2022 Employee
                                 Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company. On 12 May 2023, the Company held
                                 the 2023 sixth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board, which considered
                                 and passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of Reserved Shares under the Employee
                                 Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares in 2022” within the scope of authorisation of the
                                 2023 second extraordinary general meeting. The participants of this Employee Stock
                                 Ownership Plan are the directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior
                                 management and other core employees of the Company, with the total number of the first
                                 grant not exceeding 30 participants (excluding the reserved shares) and with the reserved
                                 shares allocated to 29 participants. The number of the underlying shares involved in this
                                 Employee Stock Ownership Plan was not more than 11,700,000 shares. According to the
                                 actual subscription and final payment by the participants, a total of 52 employees
                                 (including reserved shares) actually participated in the subscription of shares of the first
                                 grant under the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company, corresponding to
                                 10,810,000 shares, with the grant price of RMB6.64 per share. The source of the shares
                                 was the Company’s repurchase of its shares through a special securities account for share
                                 repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.




254   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

       1.     General information about share-based payments (continued)

             (2)    Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                     2)     2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                            The Company held the 2024 first interim meeting of the eleventh session of the Board
                            and the 2024 first meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee on 8
                            January 2024, and the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting and the 2024 first A
                            Share class meeting and the 2024 first H Share class meeting on 22 February 2024, which
                            considered and approved relevant resolutions, such as the Resolution on the 2024 A
                            Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) and its Summary”, while agreeing to
                            implement the 2024 A Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan and authorising the Board
                            to handle the matters in relation to the 2024 A Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan of
                            the Company. The total number of the shares granted in this Stock Ownership Plan was
                            no more than 13,916,000 shares, with the total number of participants in this Employee
                            Stock Ownership Plan not exceeding 279 employees. The grant price was RMB10.78 per
                            share and the total number of shares granted was no more than 13,916,000 shares. The
                            source of the shares was the Company’s repurchase of its shares through a special
                            securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.

                            The changes in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan during the year were as follows:

                                                         Granted during the Year   Exercised during the Year   Unlocked during the Year     Expired during the Year
                            Category of grant targets      Number         Amount      Number          Amount      Number         Amount       Number         Amount


                            Senior management and core
                              personnel                                                                        7,806,257.00 71,849,440.46


                            Total                                                                              7,806,257.00 71,849,440.46




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      255
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

        1.       General information about share-based payments (continued)

                (2)        Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                           2)    2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                                 Share options or other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year

                                                                    Other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year
                                                                             Range of
                                 Category of grant targets             exercise prices Remaining contractual term

                                 Senior management and core
                                   personnel                               6.64、10.78 Maximum of 18 months

        2.       Equity settled share-based payments

                 Item                                               During the Year

                 Method for determining fair value of The fair value of restricted shares and the Employee Stock
                  equity instruments on the date of grant Ownership Plan is determined by subtracting the grant
                                                          price from the market price on the date of grant.

                 Important parameters for fair value of Market price on the date of grant
                   equity instruments on the date of grant

                 B a s i s f o r d e t e r m i n i n g t h e n u m b e r o f The Company revises the estimated number of equity
                    equity instruments with exercisable                        instruments that can be released from sale restriction on
                    rights                                                     each balance sheet date during the period of restriction
                                                                               based on the latest available subsequent information
                                                                               such as changes in the number of persons who can be
                                                                               released from sale restriction, achievement of
                                                                               performance targets, and so on.

                 Reasons for significant discrepancies N/A
                  between estimates of the year and the
                  previous year

                 Accumulated amount of equity-settled 113,601,614.84
                  share-based payment included in the
                  capital surplus




256   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

       3.     Share-based payment expenses during the Year

                                                                                                         Equity settled
                                                                                                           share-based
              Category of grant targets                                                               payment expenses

              Senior management and core personnel                                                        128,716,257.83


              Total                                                                                       128,716,257.83


XIV. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

       1.     Important commitments
                                                                                                     Unit: (RMB0’000)

              Item                                                                Closing balance     Opening balance

              Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries and jointly
                controlled entities (commitment to purchase longterm assets):
                – Authorised but not contracted
                – Contracted but not paid                                               36,687.65              43,106.80
              Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property, plant and
                equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for external investment):
                – Contracted but not paid


       2.     Contingencies

             (1)      Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial
                      impacts

                      As at 31 December 2025, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of
                      RMB20,808,859.95, and expected liabilities of RMB4,233,189.33 was recognised.

XV.    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

       1.     Profit distribution

              On 30 March 2026, the Proposed Profit Distribution Plan for 2025 was considered and approved at the
              first meeting of 2026 of the twelfth session of the Board of the Company: Based on the total share
              capital of 1,384,861,171 shares of the Company as of the date of disclosure of this report, deducting the
              shares repurchased in the repurchase account (as of the date of disclosure of this report, 745,907 shares
              were held in the repurchase account of the Company), resulting in an adjusted total share capital of
              1,384,115,264 shares, a cash dividend of RMB12.65 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares is to be paid to all
              shareholders. No bonus shares will be issued, and no capital reserve will be transferred to share capital.
              If the total share capital of the Company changes during the period between the Board’s approval of the
              profit distribution plan and the implementation of the profit distribution plan, the Company will re-
              determine the total dividend amount based on the latest total share capital in accordance with the
              principle of “fixed dividend per share”. This resolution is subject to approval by the general meeting of
              shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   257
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

        1.       Capital management

                 The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management are to safeguard the Company’s ability
                 to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business
                 and maximise shareholders’ value.

                 The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                 conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
                 structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders
                 or issue new shares.

                 The Group was not subject to externally mandatory capital requirements and monitored its capital
                 structure using the gearing ratio (total liabilities divided by total assets).

                 As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the gearing ratios of the Group were set out as
                 follows:

                                                                                                            Beginning of
                 Item                                                                 End of the year           the year

                 Total liabilities                                                  48,463,742,279.18   50,327,415,106.20
                 Total assets                                                       69,984,242,341.49   69,701,939,817.33
                 Gearing ratio                                                                69.25%              72.20%

        2.       Leases

                (1)        Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                     Closing carrying   Opening carrying
                           Categories of leased assets under operating leases                 amount             amount

                           Buildings and structures                                         43,530.13          48,718.77
                           Land use rights                                                       8.30             105.23
                           Machinery and equipment, etc.                                     3,023.10             468.25
                           Transportation equipment                                             23.15              34.72


                           Total                                                            46,584.68          49,326.97

                (2)        The Group as lessor under operating lease

                           The Group’s investment properties are also leased to a number of tenants for different terms.
                           The rental income for 2024 amounted to RMB75.5164 million (2024: RMB68.9256 million).
                           The minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                           reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                        Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                         Amount for          Amount for
                           Item                                                            the year        previous year

                           Within one year                                                   6,041.87           5,107.91
                           Over one year but within five years                              14,554.97          13,232.69
                           Over five years                                                                          3.14


                           Total                                                            20,596.84          18,343.74


258   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

       2.     Leases (continued)

             (3)    The Group as lessee under operating lease

                     The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with
                     lease terms ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the year ended 31
                     December 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                    Amount for              Amount for
                     Operating lease payments                                         the year            previous year

                     Building or structures                                           19,044.11                17,574.96
                     Others                                                            4,037.44                 7,683.35


                     Total                                                            23,081.55                25,258.31


                     The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with
                     a lease period of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments,
                     the adoption of simplified treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.

             (4)    The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the
                    end of reporting period due as follows:

                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                    Amount for              Amount for
                     Item                                                             the year            previous year

                     Within one year                                                  11,631.60                11,767.02
                     Over one year but within five years                              12,011.35                15,891.16
                     Over five years                                                   1,268.55                 1,879.60


                     Total                                                            24,911.50                29,537.78


       3.     Auditors’ remuneration

              In 2025, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to
              reappoint Shine Wing Certified Public Accountants as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2025,
              and the Board was authorized to fix their remuneration. The Company agreed to pay a remuneration of
              approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the auditors for the provision of audit services for
              financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year ended 31 December 2025 and bear the
              corresponding travel expenses.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   259
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

        1.       Accounts receivable

                (1)        Accounts receivable by aging

                           aging analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                           Aging                                                                Closing balance          Opening balance

                           Within three months                                                   689,530,265.60            574,773,952.12
                           Over three months but within six months                                   178,080.15              2,437,960.37
                           Over six months but within one year                                        21,604.45              7,238,081.31
                           Over one year                                                         118,629,562.56            126,167,140.90


                           Total                                                                 808,359,512.76            710,617,134.70


                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                      Book value               Provision for bad debts           Carrying
                           Category                               Amount             (%)         Amount              (%)          amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is
                            separately made
                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is made
                            on a group basis                808,359,512.76         100.00 107,109,397.32            13.25 701,250,115.44


                           Total                           808,359,512.76          100.00 107,109,397.32            13.25 701,250,115.44


                           (continued)

                                                                                   Opening balance
                                                                      Book value               Provision for bad debts           Carrying
                           Category                               Amount             (%)         Amount              (%)          amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is
                            separately made
                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is made
                            on a group basis                710,617,134.70         100.00 107,081,692.16            15.07 603,535,442.54


                           Total                           710,617,134.70          100.00 107,081,692.16            15.07 603,535,442.54




260   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

       1.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                     1)      Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable:

                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                            Provision for
                             Aging                                         Book value          bad debts                      (%)

                             Aging group                               108,030,846.27      107,109,397.32                    99.15
                             Counterparties relationship group         700,328,666.49


                             Total                                     808,359,512.76      107,109,397.32                    13.25

                             Note:   The Company uses the aging of accounts receivable, relationship with counterparties and
                                     transaction categories as credit risk characteristics to provide for bad debts based on
                                     expected credit losses.


             (3)    Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable for the year

                                                                             Changes during the year
                                                                                 Recoveries or      Reversal or
                     Category                     Opening balance     Provision       reversals       write-off Closing balance

                     Accounts receivable           107,081,692.16     27,705.16                                  107,109,397.32


                     Total                         107,081,692.16     27,705.16                                  107,109,397.32


             (4)    Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                     During the year, the parent had no accounts receivable written-off.

             (5)    Top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year

                     The total top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year amounted to
                     RMB641,687,466.28, accounting for 79.38% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                     provision for bad debts of RMB16,475,363.73 in total was made as at the end of the year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    261
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

        2.       Other receivables

                 Item                                                              Closing balance      Opening balance

                 Dividends receivable                                                74,999,306.82          71,598,383.60
                 Other receivables                                                  843,547,935.88       1,095,693,177.89


                 Total                                                              918,547,242.70       1,167,291,561.49


                 2.1       Dividends receivable

                           Investee                                                Closing balance      Opening balance

                           Hisense Hitachi                                           74,999,306.82         71,598,383.60


                           Total                                                     74,999,306.82         71,598,383.60


                 2.2       Other receivables

                           (1)     Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                         Closing              Beginning
                                   Nature of the amount                               book value             book value

                                   Other current account                            858,266,306.37       1,110,783,600.02


                                   Total                                            858,266,306.37       1,110,783,600.02


                           (2)     Other receivables by aging

                                   Aging                                                             Closing book value

                                   Within three months                                                    20,507,960.12
                                   Over three months but within six months                                20,910,628.94
                                   Over six months but within one year                                    99,878,993.73
                                   Over one year                                                         716,968,723.58


                                   Total                                                                 858,266,306.37




262   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

       2.     Other receivables (continued)

              2.2    Other receivables (continued)

                    (3)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                         First stage        Second stage       Third stage
                                                                                       Lifetime expected Lifetime expected
                                                                    Expected credit            credit loss      credit loss
                                                                    loss in the next      (without credit      (with credit
                            Provision for bad debts                       12 months          impairment)       impairment)                Total

                            Balance as at 1 January 2025                   3,962.96          528,438.68       14,558,020.49      15,090,422.13
                            During the year, the balance of other
                              receivables as at 1 January 2025                    –                   –                  –                   –
                              – transferred to second stage
                              – transferred to third stage
                              – reversed to second stage
                              – reversed to first stage
                            Provision for the year                        14,343.01         -386,394.65                            -372,051.64
                            Reversal for the year
                            Write-off during the year
                            Charge off for the year
                            Other changes


                            Balance as at 31 December 2025                18,305.97          142,044.03       14,558,020.49      14,718,370.49

                           Note:      Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial
                                      instruments since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and
                                      estimated the expected credit loss of other receivables with aging of over one year in the
                                      lifetime.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   263
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (4)   Provision for bad debts of other receivables by aging analysis method

                                                                                          Changes during the Year
                                                                                                 Recoveries       Write-off            Closing
                                 Category                 Opening balance          Provision    or reversals or charge-off             balance

                                 Other receivables          15,090,422.13        -372,051.64                                     14,718,370.49


                                 Total                      15,090,422.13        -372,051.64                                     14,718,370.49


                           (5)   Other receivables actually written off during the Year

                                 During the year, the parent had no other receivables written-off.

                           (6)   Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                Percentage of      Provision for
                                                                                                                   total other         bad debts
                                 No.          Nature of the amount     Closing balance aging                   receivables (%)   Closing balance

                                 Top 1        Inter-group current       372,699,354.39 Over one year                    43.42
                                                account payments
                                 Top 2        Inter-group current       160,146,666.67 Within one year, over            18.66
                                                account payments                        one year
                                 Top 3        Inter-group current        99,090,750.00 Within one year, over            11.55
                                                account payments                        one year
                                 Top 4        Inter-group current        96,234,162.39 Over one year                    11.21
                                                account payments
                                 Top 5        Inter-group current           29,172,409.80 Over one year                  3.40
                                                account payments


                                 Total        –                         757,343,343.25 –                                88.24




264   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

       3.     Long-term equity investments

             (1)    Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                             Closing balance                                              Opening balance
                                                                                Impairment              Carrying                             Impairment                Carrying
                     Item                                  Book balance            provision             amount           Book balance          provision               amount

                     Investments in subsidiaries         6,710,082,017.18      59,381,641.00   6,650,700,376.18     6,036,704,138.92          59,381,641.00     5,977,322,497.92
                     Investments in associates and joint
                       ventures                          1,010,798,344.98                      1,010,798,344.98       786,147,253.95                             786,147,253.95


                     Total                              7,720,880,362.16       59,381,641.00   7,661,498,721.16     6,822,851,392.87          59,381,641.00     6,763,469,751.87


             (2)    Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                               Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                         Opening       Provision for                                                                  Closing      Provision for
                                                          balance       impairment                                              Increase in           balance       impairment
                                                        (carrying          Opening        Increase in      Decrease in         share-based          (carrying           Closing
                     Investees                            amount)           balance       investment       investment             payments            amount)           balance

                     Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                        Refrigerator Co., Ltd.      9,183,395.67                                                               1,737,344.23     10,920,739.90
                     Guangdong Kelon Air
                        Conditioner Co., Ltd.     221,618,359.00      59,381,641.00                                                            221,618,359.00     59,381,641.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                        Freezer Co., Ltd.           2,789,577.09                                                                164,894.80       2,954,471.89
                     Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen
                        and Bath System Co., Ltd. 5,068,448.98                                                                 2,111,190.55      7,179,639.53
                     Foshan Shunde Rongshen
                        Plastic Co., Ltd.          55,455,258.07                                                                801,865.53      56,257,123.60
                     Foshan Shunde Wangao
                        Import & Export Co., Ltd.     600,000.00                                                                                   600,000.00
                     Guangdong Kelon Jiake
                        Electronics Co., Ltd.      82,000,000.00                                          82,000,000.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Yingkou)
                        Refrigerator Co., Ltd.     84,000,000.00                                                                                84,000,000.00
                     Jiangxi Kelon Industrial
                        Development Co., Ltd.     147,763,896.00                                                                               147,763,896.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)
                        Refrigerator Co., Ltd.      3,505,103.22                                                                698,627.17       4,203,730.39
                     Zhuhai Kelon Industrial
                        Development Co., Ltd.     189,101,850.00                                                                               189,101,850.00
                     Shenzhen Kelon Procurement
                        Co., Ltd.                  95,000,000.00                        2,806,500.00                                            97,806,500.00
                     Kelon Development Co., Ltd. 11,200,000.00                                                                                  11,200,000.00




                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        265
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

        3.       Long-term equity investments (continued)

                 (2)       Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                                   Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                Opening      Provision for                                                          Closing    Provision for
                                                                 balance      impairment                                         Increase in        balance     impairment
                                                               (carrying         Opening      Increase in     Decrease in       share-based       (carrying         Closing
                           Investees                             amount)          balance     investment      investment           payments         amount)         balance

                           Hisense (Chengdu)
                              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.            202,930.60                                                        36,877.09      239,807.69
                           Hisense (Beijing) Electric
                              Appliances Co., Ltd            92,101,178.17                                                                     92,101,178.17
                           Hisense Air-Conditioning Co.,
                              Ltd.                         610,587,618.31                                                      5,882,422.22 616,470,040.53
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co.,
                              Ltd.                         359,294,504.40                    1,289,760.00                        697,043.83 361,281,308.23
                           Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd. 812,168,493.68                                                      17,478,718.60 829,647,212.28
                           Foshan Hisense Kelon
                              Property Development Co.,
                              Ltd.                            5,728,648.70                                                       387,142.62     6,115,791.32
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air
                              Conditioning Systems Co.,
                              Ltd.                        2,619,497,708.06                                                     8,367,903.52 2,627,865,611.58
                           Qingdao Gorenje Electrical
                              Co., Ltd.                      19,845,220.23                                                     2,185,660.17    22,030,880.40
                           Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen
                              and Bath Co., Ltd.              5,971,225.66                                                     1,555,074.39     7,526,300.05
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial
                              Cold Chain Co., Ltd.           12,114,743.21                                                     3,754,268.28    15,869,011.49
                           Guangdong Hisense
                              Refrigerator Marketing Co.,
                              Ltd.                           31,916,381.61                                                     7,745,999.34    39,662,380.95
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-
                              Conditioner Co., Ltd.             770,018.14                                                        57,786.69      827,804.83
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-
                              conditioner Marketing Co.,
                              Ltd.                           37,798,731.58                                                     6,958,757.92    44,757,489.50
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co.,
                              Ltd.                              936,154.34                                                       355,215.52     1,291,369.86
                           Jiangmen Hisense Home
                              Appliances Co., Ltd.            2,607,137.53                                                     1,155,159.21     3,762,296.74
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitach
                              Air-conditioner Marketing
                              Co., Ltd.                      39,285,851.92                                                     7,460,445.03    46,746,296.95
                           Qingdao Johnson Controls Air
                              Conditioning Co., Ltd.            245,336.14                                                       110,218.79      355,554.93




266   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

       3.     Long-term equity investments (continued)

             (2)    Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                           Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                       Opening     Provision for                                                              Closing   Provision for
                                                        balance     impairment                                           Increase in          balance    impairment
                                                      (carrying        Opening        Increase in     Decrease in       share-based         (carrying        Closing
                     Investees                          amount)         balance       investment      investment           payments           amount)        balance

                     Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air
                       Conditioning Technology
                       Co., Ltd                    3,964,727.61                                                          648,474.05      4,613,201.66
                     Qingdao Yiyang
                       Entrepreneurship
                       Investment Management
                       Co., Ltd.                   5,000,000.00                                                                          5,000,000.00
                     Hisense Home Appliances
                       (Hunan) Co., Ltd.         200,000,000.00                    115,375,000.00                                      315,375,000.00
                     HSHA (SINGAPORE) PTE.
                       LTD.                      210,000,000.00                    565,473,750.00                                      775,473,750.00
                     Hisense Hitachi Air-
                       conditioning (Hunan) Co.,
                       Ltd.                                                                                               81,778.71         81,778.71


                     Total                      5,977,322,497.92   59,381,641.00 684,945,010.00     82,000,000.00     70,432,868.26 6,650,700,376.18    59,381,641.00




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     267
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT
     (continued)

        3.       Long-term equity investments (continued)

                (3)        Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                               Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                                                                             Gains or losses
                                                                                                                                       from
                                                                   Opening     Provision for                                     investment Adjustment or                                                                                   Closing     Provision for
                                                                    balance     impairment                                       recognised      other com-                        Declaration of   Provision for                           balance      impairment
                                                                   (carrying       Opening       Increase in   Decrease in     using equity      prehensive     Other change       cash dividend     impairment       Changes in          (carrying          Closing
                           Investees                                amount)         balance      investment    investment           method           income          in equity          or profit          made     exchange rate          amount)           balance


                           I. Joint ventures
                           Hisense Marketing Management
                             Co., Ltd.                         50,297,902.69                                                 –10,379,416.16                      10,947,964.70                                                        50,866,451.23
                           Qingdao Hisense Huanya Holdings
                             Co., Ltd.                         18,597,059.07                                                     753,421.48     4,638,093.85       535,032.79                                                         24,523,607.19
                           Subtotal                            68,894,961.76                                                  –9,625,994.68     4,638,093.85     11,482,997.49                                                        75,390,058.42
                           II. Associates
                           Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings
                             Co., Ltd.                        414,741,582.39                                                  17,318,104.88                                         8,575,458.39                                     423,484,228.88
                           Qingdao Hisense International
                             Marketing Co., Ltd.              154,559,765.54                                                 138,729,103.30    27,593,803.72     11,059,265.91     25,333,080.00                                     306,608,858.47
                           Qingdao Hisense Intelligent
                             Electronic Technology Co., Ltd 147,950,944.26                                                     1,495,803.74                                                                                          149,446,748.00
                           Hisense Xinghai Technology
                             (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                              15,000,000.00                  –5,338,803.89    46,114,394.21         92,860.89                                                        55,868,451.21
                           Subtotal                           717,252,292.19                   15,000,000.00                 152,204,208.03    73,708,197.93     11,152,126.80     33,908,538.39                                     935,408,286.56
                           Total                              786,147,253.95                   15,000,000.00                 142,578,213.35    78,346,291.78     22,635,124.29     33,908,538.39                                     1,010,798,344.98



        4.       Operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                                                               Amount for the Year                                                     Amount for the previous year
                 Item                                                                                          Revenue             Cost                                                    Revenue              Cost

                 Principal operations                                                          4,647,748,092.96                         4,215,916,221.14                            5,423,973,112.75                         5,127,825,844.71
                 Other operations                                                                297,378,542.95                           259,495,109.33                              266,147,242.44                           220,802,465.83


                 Total                                                                         4,945,126,635.91                         4,475,411,330.47                            5,690,120,355.19                         5,348,628,310.54


        5.       Investment gain

                                                                                                                                                                                      Amount for                                 Amount for
                 Item                                                                                                                                                                   the Year                           the previous year

                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the cost method                                                                                               1,558,297,080.00                                  2,885,482,947.19
                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity
                 method                                                                                                                                                    142,578,213.35                                           96,750,756.12
                 Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                                                                                                       42,560,699.40                                           29,262,925.90
                 Gain from disposal of long-term equity investment                                                                                                         -49,200,000.00


                 Total                                                                                                                                                1,694,235,992.75                                   3,011,496,629.21




268   Annual Report 2025
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.     Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the year

              Item                                                                  Amount for the year                          Notes

              Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets (Including the
                offsetting part of the provision for impairment of assets already
                provisioned)                                                                27,776,445.49
              Government grants included in the gain or loss (excluding
                those government grants that are closely related to the
                Company’s normal business operations, that are in line with
                national policies, that are enjoyed according to defined
                criteria, and that have a sustained impact on the Company’s
                profit or loss)                                                         202,755,624.01
              Gain or loss from changes in fair value of financial assets and
                liabilities held by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss
                from the disposal of financial assets and liabilities, except
                for the effective hedging business related to the Company’s
                normal business operations                                              217,111,683.54
              Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted
                asset management                                                        371,034,766.84
              Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring                               16,408,247.83
              Other non-operating income and expense other than the
                aforementioned items                                                    114,830,847.59
              Subtotal                                                                  949,917,615.30
              Less: Effect of income tax                                                178,140,998.95
              Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                   30,080,619.44
              Total                                                                     741,695,996.91


       2.     Return on net asset and earnings per share

                                                                                                    Earnings per share
                                                                                                       (RMB/share)
                                                                               Weighted                Basic           Diluted
                                                                         average return             earnings         earnings
              Profit for the reporting period                           on net assets (%)          per share        per share

              Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
               parent                                                            19.36%                 2.33                      2.33
              Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
                the parent after deducting non-recurring profit or
                loss                                                            14.86%                  1.79                     1.79




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    269
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        3.       Five-year financial summary

                                                                                                                 RMB’0000

                 Statement item                         2025            2024            2023            2022            2021

                 Total operating revenue         8,792,848.59    9,274,561.11    8,560,018.92    7,411,515.10    6,756,260.37
                 Total profits                    544,863.91      596,638.90      568,455.74      382,380.97      291,653.70
                 Income tax                        71,482.59       84,023.60       89,306.75       75,440.07       57,373.60
                 Net profit                       473,381.32      512,615.30      479,148.99      306,940.91      234,280.10
                 Net profit attributable to
                   owners of the parent          318,657.39      334,788.18      283,732.28      143,496.82        97,258.15
                 Profit and loss of minority
                   interests                     154,723.93      177,827.12      195,416.72      163,444.08      137,021.95


                 Continued from above table

                                                31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December
                 Statement item                        2025            2024            2023            2022            2021

                 Total assets                    6,998,424.23    6,970,193.98    6,594,649.56    5,537,586.84    5,594,854.95
                 Total liabilities              4,846,374.23    5,032,741.51    4,655,043.64    3,909,678.58    4,035,729.83
                 Net assets                     2,152,050.01    1,937,452.47    1,939,605.91    1,627,908.26    1,559,125.13
                 Total equity attributable to
                   owners of the parent         1,746,900.55    1,545,562.66    1,358,017.45    1,151,837.34    1,034,235.52
                 Minority interests               405,149.45      391,889.81      581,588.46      476,070.92      524,889.61
                 Total equity                   2,152,050.01    1,937,452.47    1,939,605.91    1,627,908.26    1,559,125.13



                                                                                 Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         30 March 2026




270   Annual Report 2025
