CONTENTS


Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2

Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                           3

Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         31

Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   43

Financial Statements Prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                       44

Notes to the Financial Statements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    62




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is principally engaged
    in research and development (R&D), manufacturing and marketing of electrical products such as refrigerators, household air-
    conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, etc., as well as moulds, automotive air
    conditioner compressors and integrated thermal management systems, and provides full-scenario smart home solutions cantered
    on the intelligent upgrade of home appliances.

    REGISTERED OFFICE IN CHINA
    No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City,
    Guangdong Province, The People’s Republic of China

    PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148
    Connaught Road West, Hong Kong

    SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
    Secretary of the Board: Ms. Zhang Yu Xin
    Company Secretary: Ms. Wong Tak Fong

    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
    Ms. Gao Yu Ling

    INVESTOR COMMUNICATION CENTRE
    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    17th Floor, Hopewell Center,
    183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

    TELEPHONE
    (852) 2593 5622
    (86-757) 2836 2866

    FAX
    (852) 2802 8085
    (86-757) 2836 1055

    EMAIL ADDRESS
    hxjdzqb@hisense.com

    INTERNET WEBSITE
    http://hxjd.hisense.cn

    AUDITORS
    ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
    9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
    Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
    the People’s Republic of China




2
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

I.   STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

     1.    Overview of the Domestic Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioner (“HVAC”) Market

           (1)   Central air-conditioner market

                  According to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the overall market capacity of the central
                  air-conditioner industry decreased by 5% year-on-year in the first half of 2024. Under the cooling market
                  conditions, the concentration of brands became more prominent. Multi-connected units, which are the
                  weighted products in the central air-conditioner market, accounted for nearly 50% of the industry, gradually
                  shifting from incremental expansion to a renewal era of stock improvement.

                  Traditional industrial and public construction sectors maintained relatively stable demand, while previously
                  hot new market segment cooled down. However, industries such as specialty hotels, bed and breakfasts, and
                  catering continued to show strong momentum. With the release and gradual implementation of the National
                  Action Plan for Promoting Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Goods Trade-ins (《推動大規模設備
                  更新和消費品以舊換新的行動方案》), the engineering sector focusing on energy-saving renovation projects will
                  become a new development opportunity for central air-conditioners in the future.

                  The home fit-out retail market was affected by the weak real estate market and weakened demands, resulting
                  in a year-on-year decline of 8.5% in scale. However, under the trend of consumer segmentation, the demand
                  in the improvement market remained strong and continued to upgrade iteratively towards “Health, Comfort,
                  Energy saving and Intelligence.’’ The two-connected supplies have become the fastest-growing products in
                  the industry, with a growth rate of 4%, thereby driving the industry’s transformation and upgrade from central
                  air-conditioners to integrated system solutions for air conditioning, floor heating, purification and fresh air.

           (2)   Household air-conditioner market

                  According to the omnichannel general data from AVC (奧維雲網), the retail volume decreased by 10.8% year-
                  on-year, and the retail sales decreased by 13.7% year-on-year in the air-conditioner market in the first half of
                  2024.

                  Under the overall downturn of the air-conditioning market, household air-conditioner products made
                  continuous breakthroughs in product upgrades and technological innovation, focusing on the diversification
                  and refinement of consumer demand, and which resulted in positive growth in this market segment. Given
                  the significant increase in consumer demand for indoor air freshness and oxygen aeration, the fresh-air air-
                  conditioner market achieved growth despite the overall downturn trend. According to the monitoring data
                  from AVC, the offline retail sales penetration rate of fresh-air air-conditioners reached 8.6%, indicating a year-
                  on-year increase of 0.6%.

     2.    Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market

           (1)   Domestic refrigerator market

                  According to the omnichannel general data from AVC, the retail volume increased by 0.8% year-on-year, and
                  the retail sales increased by 0.4% year-on-year in the domestic refrigerator market in the first half of 2024.

                  From an overall trend perspective, the major refrigerator market tightened month by month, demand was
                  under pressure, and the growth rate slowed down. User demand in large-capacity segments declined, and
                  high-value-for-money products across all channels were more favoured by consumers. Driven by rejuvenation
                  scenarios, the demand for embedded refrigerators continued to rise, with the penetration rate of offline retail
                  sales increasing from 9.5% in 2021 to 37.8% in 2024. From a channel perspective, online new channels for
                  refrigerators are currently in a period of rapid growth, with the retail sales of refrigerators through the TikTok
                  e-commerce platform increasing by 52.5% year-on-year. The trends in the online and offline markets further
                  diverged, and platforms are focusing on developing new marketing methods to achieve traffic acquisition
                  and conversion. There is still room for further integration and development of dual-line channels.




                                                                                                                                       3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    I.   STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

         2.    Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market — Continued

               (2)    Domestic washing machine market

                      According to the omnichannel general data from AVC, the retail volume increased by 6.2% year-on-year, and
                      the retail sales increased by 3.8% year-on-year in the washing machine market in the first half of 2024.

                      In the first half of 2024, the recovery speed of the washing machine industry was higher than other home
                      appliance categories, with rapid development in the online market, making it the main driver behind the
                      scale growth of the washing machine industry. As for clothes dryers, the online and offline markets both
                      continued to maintain steady growth, showing a more optimistic trend.

               (3)    Domestic kitchen appliance market

                      According to the omnichannel general data from AVC, the retail volume increased by 0.5% year-on-year, and
                      the retail sales slipped down by 2.3% year-on-year in the large kitchen and bathroom market in the first half of
                      2024.

                      Rigid-demand kitchen and bathroom categories (hoods, cookers, electric water heaters, gas water heaters)
                      performed weakly due to the impact of the real estate industry, while the quality-life-demand categories
                      (dishwashers, disinfection cabinets, water purifiers) showed an overall stable growth trend, with dishwashers
                      leading the growth of quality-life-demand products, with retail sales increased by 5.0% year-on-year. As the
                      penetration rate of kitchen and bathroom products gradually approaches that of white goods, product
                      innovation and technological upgrades have become the trend in kitchen and bathroom competition. Well-
                      known home appliance brands are expected to leverage their comprehensive resources and advantages in
                      the white goods product segment to rapidly develop synergistic efforts in the kitchen and bathroom sector.

         3.    Overview of the Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Market

               According to the data from the China Passenger Vehicle Information Committee, in the first half of 2024, global
               automobile sales reached 43.9 million units, a year-on-year increase of 3.46%, of which the sales of new energy
               passenger vehicles were 7.17 million units, a year-on-year increase of 21%. During the Reporting Period, the sales
               of new energy passenger vehicles in China increased by 33% year-on-year, supporting the continued strong
               development trend of the global new energy vehicle market.

               The rapid growth of the new energy vehicle market has driven the industry to accelerate its transformation
               towards electrification, intelligence, networking, and sharing. The market space in thermal management sectors
               such as high-voltage fast charging, battery thermal safety, temperature control management of electric motors
               and electric controls, and winter range retention improvement has quickly opened up. Under the backdrop of
               increasingly stringent global environmental protection policies, the demand for components such as integrated
               thermal management systems and compressors equipped with more environmentally friendly and higher efficiency
               refrigerants has grown rapidly.

         4.    Overview of Smart Home Market

               New technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence continued to give rise to new consumption scenarios.
               The intelligent upgrade of home appliances is expected to become a new growth point in the home appliance
               consumption market, bringing vitality to the smart home appliance segments. According to GfK’s retail monitoring
               data, in the first half of 2024, the retail sales of smart large home appliances, smart large kitchen and bathroom
               appliances, and smart environmental appliances increased by 5.3%, 4.8%, and 15.7% year-on-year, respectively. The
               share of smart home appliances in major market segments has increased compared to the same period last year,
               with smart products in the large home appliances category accounting for over 50%. With the increasing consumer
               demand for energy conservation, environmental protection, safety, health, and intelligent control, the market space
               for smart homes is expected to continue to expand.




4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

I.    STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      5.    Overview of Overseas Markets for Home Appliances

            According to the data from Industrial Online, the export volume of the refrigerator industry increased by 23% year-on-
            year, the export volume of the washing machine industry increased by 22% year-on-year, and the export volume of
            the air-conditioner industry increased by 30% year-on-year in the first half of 2024. The demand for home appliance
            product trade-ins and high-end upgrades continues to rise in developed European and American markets. Emerging
            markets such as Latin America and ASEAN have large populations and significant economic development potential,
            leading to increased penetration rates and market demand for home appliances. Under the stacked influence of
            factors such as recovering demand and a low base for the same period, the overseas performance of various home
            appliance categories was notable in the first half of the year. Although geopolitical risks and rising shipping costs
            brought uncertainty to the overseas expansion of the home appliance industry, the steady demand in developed
            markets and the continuous increase in penetration rates in emerging economies continued to drive the growth of
            home appliance exports and accelerate globalization.

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

      1.    HVAC Business

            (1)    Central air-conditioner business

                   The Company closely followed the national “dual carbon” strategic direction, focusing on user demands
                   and continuously introducing market-leading products through ongoing technological innovation, which led
                   to the development of the central air-conditioner business in the green transformation and development of
                   the home fit-out and commercial fit-out markets as well as emerging industries. During the Reporting Period,
                   the central air-conditioner business achieved a year-on-year increase of over 10% in net profit, maintaining a
                   leading position in the multi-connected market with a share of over 20%.

                   ①      In terms of home fit-out business, the Company is deeply engaged in the fields of “health,
                          intelligence, energy saving”, providing high-quality air experience solutions for users.

                           During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to a user-centered approach, precisely
                           understanding user demands for health, intelligence, energy saving, and scenario-based products,
                           and continuously promoting product upgrades and innovation. The Company enriched its 5G smart
                           central air-conditioner product lineup, achieving double-digit growth in sales of the 5G series products.
                           In the consumer survey of smart 5G household central air-conditioners by AICON, Hisense central
                           air-conditioners ranked first among domestic brands with a 22.03% market share. Meanwhile, the
                           Company continuously innovated its two-connected supply product categories, deeply integrating
                           central air-conditioning with central hot water systems, launching high-end products combining
                           freon and water functionalities. Hitachi launched a new Zhixiang series of all-in-one freon heat water
                           product, satisfying the dual needs of families for home cooling/heating and hot water and providing
                           high-quality air solutions for users. York VRF made overall advancements in high-end breakthroughs,
                           exerted more efforts in sinking channels markets, and launched the YES-will series products with
                           upgraded performance and functionality, providing consumers with high-quality and cost-effective
                           cooling/heating solutions. The overall scale of York VRF home fit-out increased by more than 20%.

                           The Company promoted the deep integration of home appliance channels and the overall sharing
                           of traffic resources, successfully entering over 400 all-category specialty stores in China, achieving
                           an income share of over 10%. Facing the competition in the saturated market and favourable trade-
                           in policies, the Company swiftly responded by launching the “Trade-in for Mega Offer” marketing
                           campaign, achieving sales breakthroughs in regions like East China and Central China. In the real
                           estate brokerage sector, the Company has been actively breaking new ground and piloting initiatives
                           to expand information channels for the stock users and achieve a breakthrough from 0 to 10 million
                           co-operation contracts for the group stock users. Furthermore, the Company has been leading
                           the charge in marketing innovation, focusing on the design community of the decoration sector.
                           Hisense designer IP initiative, the Dunhuang “Carbon” Dreamer (敦煌「碳」夢者), has fostered deeper
                           collaboration with designers across over 200 cities, driving significant advancements in the design
                           sector.


                                                                                                                                       5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

          1.    HVAC Business — Continued

                (1)   Central air-conditioner business — Continued

                      ①      In terms of home fit-out business, the Company is deeply engaged in the fields of “health,
                             intelligence, energy saving”, providing high-quality air experience solutions for users. — Continued

                             The Company also closely followed industry dynamics, leading the industry towards a new era of
                             integrated system solutions combining air-conditioning, floor heating, purification, and fresh air. Given
                             the growing consumer demand for set solutions and one-stop services, the Company took the lead
                             in launching China’s first integrated 5G top-freon and floor-water product, innovatively integrating
                             air-conditioning, floor heating, fresh air, and humidification systems, creating the Thinkair all-in-one
                             active management system, achieving comprehensive upgrades to the home environment. In the
                             preheating stage of the new product, over 100 users placed preorders in a single month.

                      ②      In terms of the engineering business, the Company has seized the opportunity of dual-carbon
                             development and led the industry in the deployment of cutting-edge technologies.

                             The new generation of the commercial multi-connected M3 series of the Company piloted the
                             IPMS launch process, achieving pre-sale breakthroughs in scenarios such as cool storage, power
                             distribution rooms, and deep dehumidification processes, thanks to its wide-range ambient operation.

                             In active response to the national carbon neutrality policy, the Company’s photosynthesis series and
                             full-effect direct drive series commercial multi-connected systems were implemented in demonstration
                             projects such as Guangzhou University Town, Panyu Sewage Treatment Plant, and Greater Bay Area
                             Energy Storage Industrial Park. Hitachi’s new generation of water source multi-connected systems,
                             leading the industry in up to 10.1 IPLV(C) and variable water flow control, achieved international
                             leadership in three core technologies, and held over 50% market share in the water source multi-
                             connected market. The upgraded anti-corrosion and purification AHU products and four-tube heating
                             and cooling recovery multi-connected products expanded into industrial sectors such as industrial
                             plants, pharmaceutical drying, and new energy workshops, significantly promoting growth in industrial
                             and agricultural production fields. York’s new generation aqua+ water source multi-connected
                             systems innovatively utilized three core technologies: intelligent variable flow, top-freon and floor-water
                             dual supply, and 100% condensing heat recovery, widely applied in ultra-high-rise buildings, data
                             centres, factories, and water heater renovation markets, achieving a certain size of pre-sales before
                             the launch.

                             In line with the development of the renovation market, the Company provided a one-stop renovation
                             solution by combining high-efficiency equipment, system optimization, low-carbon consultation,
                             and ongoing operation, characterized by comprehensive facility renovation. By optimizing demand,
                             improving efficiency, reducing energy waste, and enhancing management to build a one-stop
                             renovation solution, the Company signed over 350 renovation projects in the first half of the year.
                             For customers replacing outdoor units of different brands while retaining indoor units, the Company
                             launched control boxes and valve boxes, reducing indoor construction difficulty and customer
                             renovation costs, achieving building energy saving and carbon reduction, and helping customers
                             reduce costs and increase efficiency.




6
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      1.    HVAC Business — Continued

            (1)   Central air-conditioner business — Continued

                  ③      In terms of new industries, the Company’s energy-saving and low-carbon overall solutions
                         contributed to the rapid growth of the second curve.

                         The Company’s ECO-B smart building and energy management system won the “Innovative Product”
                         award at the 2024 China Refrigeration Exhibition. Its HVAC energy-saving algorithm could achieve
                         energy savings of over 30%, and the efficient engine room COP could reach over 5.0. In the field of
                         home energy management, the Company launched the Hi-Power series energy products, forming
                         a refined system integrating heat pumps and home appliances, showing significant advantages
                         in energy saving, installation, and maintenance convenience. Hisense smart building also formed
                         strategic partnerships with leading intelligent building company to further consolidate and expand its
                         business in the smart building sector.

                         In the water heater segment, Hisense launched a new generation of magnetic suspension oil-free
                         variable frequency centrifugal chillers, expanding single unit capacity to 2300RT. With outstanding full-
                         load efficient operation performance, wide-range cooling capabilities, intelligent operation strategies,
                         and convenient oil-free maintenance, the chillers have served hundreds of customers in fields such as
                         industrial plants, industrial parks, government-owned public buildings, and data centres.

                         In the heat pump fresh air segment, the Company fully expanded the household water market with
                         the launch of the Red Flame dual-efficiency products, featuring strong low-temperature heating and
                         double-first-grade energy efficiency for cooling and heating, achieving nearly double growth in the
                         household water segment. The Company launched Hitachi Whole House All Sense Smart Air Custom
                         System 2.0 and the Wisdom Villa All Sense Smart Air Custom Water System, continuously meeting the
                         demands of users for consumption upgrades, achieving nearly 20% growth in the first half of the year.
                         York VRF continued to optimize its product matrix, striving to build the industry’s most comprehensive
                         lineup and most competitive heat pump products in the dual-supply and triple-supply of freon and
                         water, achieving growth of over 10% in the first half of the year. Meanwhile, York VRF launched the YES-
                         fairy series of dual-DC full heat exchange fresh air ventilators and high-efficiency central humidification
                         modules, with fresh air product shipments increased by 90% year-on-year.




                                                                                                                                       7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

          1.    HVAC Business — Continued

                (2)   Household air-conditioner business

                      The household air-conditioner business upheld the new mission of “building air conditioner as the central
                      indoor air housekeeper, improving the living environment and benefiting hundreds of millions of families”, and
                      focused on upgrading the technologies and products of Hisense and Kelon. According to the monitoring
                      data from AVC, the retail sales of household air-conditioners increased by 0.3% year-on-year in the first half of
                      2024, which was 14 percentage points higher than the general retail sales of the industry.

                      ①      Hisense Air Conditioner integrates intelligent, healthy, and comfortable technologies, continually
                             delving into sports marketing to provide users with all-scenario proactive intelligent air solutions.

                             In the first half of 2024, Hisense Air Conditioner, under the main theme of “Hisense, A Leader in Fresh Air
                             Conditioning”, deeply integrated intelligent, healthy, and comfortable technologies, focusing on core
                             functions such as the five-dimensional air housekeeper and fresh air oxygenation and building an
                             24/7 all-space intelligent air central housekeeper to provide users with all-scenario proactive intelligent
                             air solutions. Hisense Air Conditioner continued to deepen its engagement in the fresh air category,
                             conducting sports marketing and e-sports marketing with the theme of “Hisense, the Champion”.
                             Events, such as European Football Championship Offer Activation, Olympic Chen Meng Offer
                             Activation, and KPL Wolves Championship Offer Activation, were held to create the champion product
                             Tresor C3 and hold the AWE champion product release, raising the industry’s awareness of the fresh
                             air category. According to the monitoring data from AVC, Tresor C310 topped the fresh air cabinet
                             segment, ranking TOP1. Moreover, Hisense Air Conditioner occupied 7 seats in the TOP10 bestsellers in
                             the offline new air conditioner market, including best-selling models such as Tresor C320, Tresor C310,
                             Little Oxygen Bar X5, X600, and X628. During the Reporting Period, the offline market share of Hisense
                             Fresh Air Conditioner increased to 45.3%, continuously leading the industry, fully demonstrating
                             Hisense Air Conditioner’s strong strength in the fresh airfield and user recognition.

                      ②      Kelon Air Conditioner builds an Internet air conditioner brand that rejuvenates the vitality of
                             changes and realizes a double breakthrough in brand reputation and sales volume.

                             Kelon Air Conditioner keeps up with the home living needs of young users for comfort and
                             convenience, dedicated to building a youthful high-value brand. It successively launched bedroom
                             air-conditioner products such as Little Ear LZ, a 16-decibel quiet sleep air conditioner, and AI high-
                             efficiency energy-saving LT, upgrading technologies in aspects such as quietness, light sensitivity,
                             energy saving, cooling, heating, temperature sensation, and wind sensation, creating a more
                             comfortable sleep environment for users. Additionally, Kelon Air Conditioner achieved high brand
                             exposure by leveraging the IP of the New Youth Music Festival and focusing on platforms such as
                             TikTok, increasing brand voice by 71.66% year-on-year and interaction by 339.6% year-on-year in the
                             first half of 2024.




8
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business

            (1)   Refrigerator Business

                  The Company continually innovates technology to bring product experiences that meet the needs of users for
                  life quality. In the first half of 2024, according to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, refrigerator retail
                  sales increased by 3.6% year-on-year, and market share increased by 0.4 percentage points.

                  ①      Ronshen Refrigerator have upgraded their freshness technology, setting a new trend for integrated
                         home living and continuing to safeguard users’ quality and healthy lifestyles.

                         In the trend of users seeking more integrated home appliances, Ronshen WILL high-end series made
                         another strong effort, launching the 560WILL Freshness Embedded Refrigerator, upgrading the WILL
                         Natural Freshness System to create a garden for the growth of fruit and vegetable. With its ultra-slim
                         60cm depth and stylish, elegant, and premium design, the 560WILL refrigerator has quickly climbed to
                         the TOP4 in the industry within just 3 weeks of its launch, expanding Ronshen’s representation among
                         the TOP10 offline best sellers to 3. With its 60cm ultra-slim depth and intelligent dual-purification system,
                         the 506 Dual Pure Pro embedded refrigerator has continued to gain high market recognition, winning
                         the 2024 AWE Gold Word of Mouth Award. It maintained its leading position as the number one offline
                         refrigerator best seller in the first half of 2024, extending its dominance from the second half of 2023.
                         Ronshen Refrigerator carried out new product launch tours for the 560WILL Freshness Refrigerator
                         and 517IDP Dual Pure Refrigerator, allowing users to immerse themselves in the product quality and
                         freshness capabilities firsthand, thus sustaining the momentum of the new products. According to
                         the data from AVC, in the first half of 2024, the market share of Ronshen’s mid-to-high-end and high-
                         end refrigerator products was 10.7%, a year-on-year increase of 1.1 percentage points. As a pioneer
                         in setting industry standards for freshness, health, and embedded refrigerators, Ronshen has been
                         driving the refrigeration industry towards new heights and horizons.

                  ②      Hisense Refrigerator connects quality through vacuum technology, creating unique spatial art and
                         a complete set of villa wisdom living for users.

                         Starting with Hisense Tresor Vacuum Refrigerator, Hisense Refrigerator set the “Vacuum Freshness
                         Preservation” standard and constructed a complete set of intelligent cooking scenarios. The vacuum
                         cube PRO carried by the Tresor 509 Vacuum Refrigerator achieves dynamic vacuum partition storage,
                         offering users a refined storage experience. In the 4th week after its launch, it ranked first in the
                         industry. The Tresor 600 Vacuum Refrigerator achieves zero-distance door opening, truly achieving
                         a 60CM pure flat fully-embedded design, and won the 2024 AWE Excellent Product Award. The
                         Tresor 503 Vacuum Refrigerator uses vacuum ice temperature technology to effectively slow down
                         ingredient oxidation, applying active ion sterilization and deodorization throughout the entire space,
                         achieving 99.9% sterilization efficiency in just 3 minutes and rapid deodorization in 15 minutes. During
                         the European Football Championship, Hisense Refrigerator launched a billboard campaign featuring
                         the slogan “Hisense Vacuum Refrigerator: True Freshness Lies in Vacuum Technology,” promoting its
                         champion products Tresor 600 Vacuum Refrigerator and Hisense 500 Vacuum Refrigerator around
                         sports marketing events such as the European Football Championship to enhance awareness of
                         Hisense Vacuum Refrigerators and continuously boost the popularity of the products. According
                         to AVC data, in the first half of 2024, the market share of Hisense’s high-end refrigerator products
                         increased by 0.2 percentage points year-on-year, with revenue from the Tresor series for the offline
                         market increased by 81% year-on-year.




                                                                                                                                         9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

           2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business — Continued

                 (1)   Refrigerator Business — Continued

                       ③      Enabling a New Retail Paradigm with Emerging Channels

                              In the refrigerator segment, the Company focused on expanding new business areas and sales
                              channels, innovating and reforming the product mix and marketing model for online and offline
                              markets through new platforms. While actively expanding the reach of the brand’s self-operated
                              matrix accounts and innovating live streaming contents, the Company integrated online traffic with
                              offline store retail through TikTok local life, boosting store traffic and product sales around users’ daily
                              lives and various consumption service scenarios, and achieving a 338% increase in sales through
                              TikTok local life in the second quarter.

                 (2)   Washing Machine Business

                       The washing machine business continuously innovated washing technology and product experience,
                       achieving a growth of 49.8% in main business revenue in the first half of 2024.

                       During the Reporting Period, the washing machine business focused on running water washing technology,
                       continuously upgrading in the field of healthy washing care, optimizing product mix, and enhancing user
                       experience. The running water washing star product L3 ranked TOP2 in the domestic industry.

                       Hisense washing machine innovatively launched the new generation of washer-dryer Piano Master H8, which
                       achieves 99.99% sterilization against fungi, bacteria and viruses, and reaches an ultra-high washing ratio of
                       1.259. It meets users’ needs for cleaner and healthier clothes washing. Moreover, in clothes care and drying,
                       the Piano Master H8 innovatively applies dryer care principles to the washer-dryer, restoring the softness and
                       fluffiness of clothes in as fast as 15 minutes, providing high-quality clothes care for users. Additionally, Hisense
                       washing machine continuously upgraded in the field of clothes care and led the drafting of the national
                       standard “Clothes Care Evaluation Technical Specification (衣物護理評價技術規範).” Designed with the
                       younger generation in mind, Hisense’s “Roman Holiday” visually appealing washing machine series has been
                       honoured with the “2024 AWE Design Award” at the 2024 China Home Appliances and Consumer Electronics
                       Expo. The series’ visually appealing design has earned it widespread acclaim from industry professionals and
                       consumers alike.

                 (3)    Kitchen Appliance Business

                       The kitchen appliances business defined a dual-channel development strategy, upgrading product
                       quality and technology to meet users’ one-stop home decoration needs.

                       Despite a sluggish industry growth environment, the Company has maintained robust growth in its
                       kitchen appliance business by leveraging its strong self-owned channel network. Adopting a coordinated
                       development strategy between professional and appliance channels, and focusing on product quality and
                       network efficiency, the Company has upgraded product quality and technology, achieving a year-on-year
                       increase of 40% in online revenue and a year-on-year increase of 85% in overall revenue. Concurrently, the
                       Company continuously refined the structure of mid-to-high-end products, fully integrating the technology
                       from the European company Gorenje into its product development process, launching multiple Tresor series
                       products such as C3 and W8 to meet users’ one-stop home decoration needs, with online revenue from mid-
                       to-high-end products increasing to 50%.




10
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      3.    Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business

            Sanden Company actively promoted the transition from a compressor-based component supplier to a supplier
            of integrated thermal management systems for new energy vehicles. The Company continuously achieved new
            breakthroughs in product R&D, and its business condition kept improving.

            (1)    In terms of product strength, the Company has been aligning with the trend of energy conservation and
                   emission reduction, and has continuously made breakthroughs and upgrades in thermal management
                   systems and core components.

                   Sanden Company concentrated efforts to break through the new generation of natural refrigerant CO2 direct
                   and R290 indirect integrated thermal management systems, achieving leadership in the next-generation
                   thermal management system. Applying heat pump technology, secondary circulation waterway, and
                   waste heat recovery technology, these systems provide balanced temperature management for the cabin,
                   battery, motor, and electronic control of electric vehicles, effectively improving driving comfort and extending
                   winter endurance mileage. Simultaneously, the indirect thermal management system was designed to meet
                   different customers’ needs, achieving a highly integrated, miniaturized, universal, and serialized design of the
                   refrigeration circuit, effectively reducing costs and quickly meeting the customization requirements of different
                   customers.

                   Using high-efficiency scroll lines, adaptive backpressure adjustment, and other technologies, Sanden
                   Company developed a new generation of electric compressor platforms compatible with various refrigerants
                   such as R1234yf, CO2, and R290. These platforms lead the industry in high pressure, miniaturization, low
                   vibration and noise, and high energy efficiency, reducing the refrigerant charge in vehicle heat pump air
                   conditioning systems and adhering more closely to principles of lightweight and compactness.

                   Innovatively using technologies such as membrane heating, Sanden Company expanded the ECH product
                   line to adapt to different working temperature thresholds. At the same time, Sanden Company has strong
                   technical advantages in lightweight and low fluid resistance, effectively ensuring the normal working state
                   of batteries in ultra-low temperature environments and providing a comfortable experience for drivers and
                   passengers. Expanding the use of split double-layer flow HVAC, Sanden Company improved user comfort and
                   reduced emission energy consumption loss.

            (2)    Internally, Sanden Company has implemented a series of initiatives to enhance efficiency throughout the
                   entire value chain, from procurement to manufacturing and management.

                   During the Reporting Period, Sanden Company has been strengthening its strategic partnerships with
                   upstream and downstream players to enhance the efficiency of its external supply chain. Sanden Company
                   has deepened the management of its manufacturing efficiency system, improving both manufacturing
                   efficiency and labour productivity. In the first half of the year, the absolute value of man-hour loss improved by
                   2.3% year-on-year, UPPH improved by 5.3% year-on-year, and the manufacturing cost per unit improved by 4.4%
                   year-on-year. In the first half of the year, by strictly managing funds and improving fund utilization efficiency,
                   accounts receivable turnover improved by 10%, and inventory turnover improved by 12%. Profitability
                   continuously improved, with gross profit margin increased by 2.5 points year-on-year in the first half of the
                   year.

      4.    Tresor High-End Business

            Hisense Tresor series adheres to the pursuit of ultimate quality, catering to the upgraded needs of high-end users,
            from aesthetics to intelligent experiences. Inheriting Eastern aesthetics and innovating human-centric technologies,
            it creates a full-category, all-scenario, and fully intelligent home appliance suite. The Hisense Tresor premium product
            series saw a revenue growth of 48% year-on-year in the first half of 2024. The Company established 383 new scenario-
            based experience zones and introduced the Tresor series into Hisense Hitachi retail outlets. With continuous expansion
            and iteration of our product line, the Tresor C310 fresh air cabinet steadily ranked TOP1 in its market segment, and the
            Tresor 509 refrigerator clinched the top spot in its category upon its initial launch. From artistic and intelligent homes
            to user-centric home scenarios, the Company offers a full range of high-end smart home appliance solutions to meet
            the needs of our users.


                                                                                                                                         11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

           5.    Smart Home Business

                 As the smart centre of Hisense’s smart home business, the Hisense AiHome platform offers comprehensive smart
                 control for all devices, full-space scene interaction, and end-to-end home appliance services, centring around users’
                 entire home journey. It innovatively launched air solutions, health preservation solutions, smart washing and care
                 solutions, creating a one-stop high-quality smart living experience for users.

                 In terms of air solutions, cantered around users’ home movement, the Company upgraded five major scenarios:
                 formaldehyde removal, home living, sleep, kids and pets. The formaldehyde removal rate in drying rooms increased
                 by 99%, and the Bama air sterilization rate reached 99%. In terms of health preservation, around users’ cooking
                 movement, the Company upgraded storage, pre-processing, cooking, and cleaning scenario solutions, providing
                 storage solutions for thousands of ingredients, smart recipes, and cloud recipes. In terms of smart washing and care,
                 around family differentiation needs, the Company innovated private custom scenarios, covering 9 high-frequency
                 washing needs of users, and can intelligently generate hundreds of exclusive program solutions. In terms of user
                 services, the Company covered the entire process from purchase to logistics and installation, and build a tiered
                 and classified message notification system, to continually improve customer satisfaction and loyalty. Thanks to the
                 continuous upgrades of scenario solutions and the improvement of home appliance intelligence, the monthly active
                 users of the Hisense AiHome platform increased by 65% year-on-year in the first half of the year, and the NPS of home
                 appliance intelligent experience increased by 14% year-on-year.

           6.    Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business

                 During the Reporting Period, the Company actively built five regional engines overseas, deepened localization efforts,
                 and capitalized on sports marketing. As a result, overseas self-owned brands have gained significant traction, driving
                 a growth of 36.91% year-on-year in overseas white goods business revenue to RMB14.78 billion in the first half of 2024.

                 (1)    Europe Region

                        During the Reporting Period, the European Division fully leveraged the opportunity of the European Football
                        Championship, driving rapid revenue growth through brand communication, product marketing, and
                        e-commerce user operations across multiple fields: through proactive product planning and targeted
                        marketing campaigns, the European Division secured prime positions in retail chain channels. A series of
                        online and offline integrated marketing activities were executed to drive growth across all product categories;
                        The European Division organized media events, so as to leverage the broad influence of the media for
                        endorsing the Hisense brand and products, planning a series of rich KOL cooperation contents to enhance
                        brand and product visibility; Additionally, with the e-commerce team’s user operation, the European Division
                        effectively enhanced brand exposure and promoted sales growth.

                        In addition, leveraging its full product range advantage, the European Division successfully drove revenue
                        growth of 14% year-on-year in the first half the year. With refrigerators as the lead product, the division
                        promoted sales of washing machines and dishwashers through series products. Specifically, refrigerator sales
                        experienced a growth of 16.9% year-on-year, with market share increased by 1.4 points, and commercial
                        refrigeration sales nearly tripled；Household air-conditioner business launched the European R&D centre
                        to quickly capture market changes, with revenue increased by 26.8% year-on-year, and light commercial
                        appliance revenue increased by 17.8% year-on-year; washing machine revenue increased by 21.3% year-
                        on-year; Central air conditioner revenue increased by 9.4% year-on-year, with revenue growth in the Spanish
                        market exceeding 65%.




12
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      6.    Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business — Continued

            (2)   Americas Region

                  During the Reporting Period, the American Division leveraged the geographical advantage of the Monterrey
                  factory in Mexico, supplemented the American product lineup, and focused on the Central and South
                  American markets, accelerating channel expansion. In the first half of 2024, the American Division achieved
                  a year-on-year revenue growth of 40%. Among them, refrigerator revenue increased by 97.3% year-on-year,
                  freezer revenue increased by 92% year-on-year, and commercial refrigeration revenue grew nearly sixfold;
                  Household air-conditioner business focused on developing professional channels, successfully promoting the
                  North America’s switch to 454B and R32 refrigerant projects, with the light commercial appliance revenue of
                  the American Division increased by 161% year-on-year; Washing machine revenue increased by 97% year-
                  on-year; Central air conditioner business launched 575V/60Hz commercial multi-connection products with
                  AHRI industry recognised certification for the American market, and effectively met the needs of the North
                  American market with its strong low-temperature heating performance, doubling the scale of the US office.

            (3)   Middle East and Africa (MEA) Region

                  The MEA Division shaped brand appeal through sports sponsorship, capturing user mindshare, focusing on
                  top-end stores, and creating offline brand strongholds to drive sales traction. In the first half of 2024, the MEA
                  Division’s revenue increased by 27% year-on-year. Among them, refrigerator revenue increased by 22.6%
                  year-on-year, with market share increased by 0.9 points, and freezer revenue increased by 46.8% year-on-
                  year; Household air-conditioner revenue increased by 20.9% year-on-year, and light commercial appliance
                  revenue increased by 31.5% year-on-year; Washing machine revenue increased by 39% year-on-year; Central
                  air conditioner revenue increased by 89% year-on-year.

            (4)   Asia-Pacific Region

                  During the Reporting Period, the Asia-Pacific Division continuously upgraded brand and product structure,
                  actively expanding air conditioning, washing machine, and kitchen appliance categories in the Australian
                  market while capturing growth opportunities in markets such as New Zealand, India, Bangladesh and
                  Pakistan. In the first half of 2024, the Asia-Pacific Division’s revenue increased by 18.9% year-on-year. Among
                  them, household air-conditioner and light commercial appliance revenue increased by 27% year-on-year,
                  and Japan’s household air-conditioner revenue increased by 22.6% year-on-year; Washing machine revenue
                  increased by 18.37% year-on-year.

            (5)   ASEAN Region

                  During the Reporting Period, the ASEAN Division focused on addressing local user pain points, building key
                  category lineups, rapidly expanding chain channels, and continuously improving retail efficiency. In the
                  first half of 2024, the ASEAN Division’s revenue increased by 39.46% year-on-year, with its self-owned brand
                  revenue increasing by 64.37% year-on-year, and its own brand revenue accounting for 74.31%, an increase
                  of 11.26 points. The refrigerator business focused on creating the “Total Space Purification” series of products,
                  increasing the series’ revenue share from zero to 22%, with overall revenue increasing by 32% year-on-year.
                  The market share of refrigerators in Malaysia increased by 2.9 points year-on-year, and the market share of
                  refrigerators in Thailand increased by 1.4 points year-on-year; The washing machine business focused on
                  promoting the running water washing series, increasing the revenue share from 17% to 34%, and achieving
                  an overall revenue growth of 78% year-on-year; The household air-conditioner business deeply cultivated
                  professional and traditional channels, with air conditioner revenue increased by 60.28% year-on-year, and
                  own brand business accounting for 78.7%, an increase of 7 points; The central air conditioner business
                  revenue increased by 194% year-on-year.




                                                                                                                                       13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

           7.    Channel and Service System Development

                 (1)    Continuously optimize the channel distribution and fully utilize the advantages of multi-category
                        integration.

                        In the first half of 2024, the Company accelerated the rollout of exclusive stores through its own channels,
                        rapidly advancing multi-category integration. Hisense exclusive stores introduced central air conditioners,
                        included the category of Ronshen Refrigerator, and increased kitchen appliance coverage. The scale of
                        exclusive stores achieved a growth of 18% year-on-year in the first half of the year. The Company accelerated
                        the construction of a cooperation matrix for pre-emptive channels, deeply exploring the expansion of
                        channels such as decoration and custom cabinet businesses, achieving a growth of 306% in revenue year-
                        on-year in the first half of 2024, with the number of pre-emptive touchpoints increased by 73% year-on-year.
                        Sinking channels continued to be expanded for low-tier channels, with 3,408 new outlets added in the first
                        half of the year, and revenue from the Tmall Premium channel increased by 20.1% year-on-year. Combining
                        products and sales, the Company vigorously built talent assets for emerging channels, and the revenue from
                        the TikTok channel increased by 27.9% year-on-year in the first half of 2024.

                 (2)    Deepen digital transformation and explore the space for improvement in refined operations.

                        Focusing on core customer acquisition scenarios, the Company strengthened our user operation capabilities
                        and enhanced the efficiency of the entire operation chain with the help of digital tools. The Company
                        continuously focused on “new customer acquisition – member activation – lead conversion” to increase
                        volume, and built a private domain user operation methodology to achieve a double increase in user volume
                        and quality. In the first half of 2024, member sales increased by 7% year-on-year.

           8.    Building a Global Smart Supply Chain, Data-Driven Empowerment of Lean Manufacturing Systems

                 The Company continuously consolidated supply chain management, and facilitated internal resource sharing, with
                 the proportion of shared suppliers increased to 28.9%; and promoted the integration and centralized procurement
                 of common categories, completing the integration of 9 categories in the first half of the year, and continuously
                 enhanced the cost competitiveness of those common categories; and encouraged domestic suppliers to go
                 overseas and provide support and promoted the localization process of imported materials, achieving a 5.6%
                 reduction in the delivery cycle of all categories and effectively improving supply efficiency.

                 The Company continuously advanced the construction of a lean system, practicing advanced manufacturing
                 powered by intelligence, with UPPH increased by 12.3% year-on-year in the first half of the year. By piloting new
                 technologies and promoting mature technologies, the Company reduced operating costs and replaced more than
                 1,700 people with automation in the first half of the year. By connecting all links in the value chain, the average
                 labour cost per unit has been improved by 11.0% year-on-year. In terms of intelligent manufacturing, Hisense
                 Hitachi Huangdao factory took the lead in planning and building a lighthouse factory, creating more than 40
                 industry-leading scenarios such as welding automation and aerial logistics, with over 20 industry-first technologies.
                 Additionally, the Company added 6 national Level III certified intelligent manufacturing factories in the first half of the
                 year, rapidly enhancing the level of intelligent manufacturing.

           9.    Capital Safety Management

                 The Company adhered to the philosophy of “Long-termism” and “Prudent Operations”, always putting capital safety
                 on top priority, consistently focusing on capital management, and pursuing healthy and efficient development.

                 Under the current increasingly severe economic situation, intensified market competition and increased demand
                 uncertainty have posed great challenges to the efficiency of the entire supply chain. Taking digital transformation as
                 an opportunity, the Company insisted on taking “efficiency” as the driving force, continuously optimizes the synergy
                 of production, supply and sales, and refines the safe inventory control standards according to, among others,
                 categories and series; At the same time, the Company established a chain-wide inventory monitoring system to
                 determine the inventory coverage days standard by segment and by channel and dynamically adjust the production
                 scheduling, so as to avoid severe channel inventory backlog. In the first half of 2024, the inventory turnover days of
                 the Company improved by 6.5% year-on-year.


14
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      9.    Capital Safety Management — Continued

            In the context of increasing credit risk among domestic and foreign customers, on one hand, the Company
            tightened internal credit management standards, conducting credit management by customer categorisation and
            dynamically monitoring customer credit status; On the other hand, insurance means are actively utilized to expand
            insurance coverage and avoid and transfer risks.

      10.   OUTLOOK

            The Company will adhere to long-termism, remain customer- and user-cantered, focus on efficiency improvement
            and structural enhancement, and continuously improve operational quality through the following initiatives:

            (1)    Perfecting the Construction of Five Overseas Regions and Fully Developing Overseas Markets: Building a global
                   talent supply chain, promoting the integrated construction of overseas R&D centres, production bases, and
                   local business centres, enhancing overseas product strength and order delivery capabilities, and achieving
                   rapid growth in overseas business;

            (2)    Focusing on Structural Improvement and Persisting in Long-term Capability Building: Streamlining the entire
                   product life cycle process from R&D to marketing, strengthening user thinking, increasing the proportion
                   of high-end product planning and product competitiveness in the product planning and R&D stages,
                   enhancing brand influence through marketing and terminal scenarios in the marketing stage, and investing
                   more resources in high-end categories like Tresor to achieve continuous improvement in sales structure;

            (3)    Leveraging Cross-category Resources and Consolidating R&D Capabilities: Establishing a cross-category
                   product simulation platform system, promoting modular product development, platform-based design,
                   and integrated platforms for products sold in both domestic and foreign markets, thereby improving R&D
                   efficiency;

            (4)    Strengthening Supply Chain Management and Deeply Exploring Procurement Efficiency: Continuing to
                   promote the standardization of materials across product lines, achieving centralized procurement of
                   common materials across various production lines to reduce costs, integrating and optimizing suppliers, and
                   enhancing supply chain quality and cost competitiveness;

            (5)    Promoting Multi-category Channel Synergy and Enhancing Marketing Capabilities: Advancing the integration
                   of various marketing channels, leveraging the information advantage of Hisense Hitachi central air
                   conditioners on channel traffic in the pre-installation markets, such as real estate and decoration businesses,
                   to drive rapid growth in categories like refrigerators, washing machines, and kitchen appliances. Additionally,
                   introducing categories like central air conditioners and refrigeration products into the Company’s own
                   channels, accelerating the construction of full-category exclusive stores, and improving marketing efficiency;

            (6)    Practicing Advanced Manufacturing Strategy and Perfecting Lean Production System: Focusing on
                   digitalization, intelligence, and informatization transformation, constructing a lean manufacturing system, and
                   enhancing the lean capability maturity of each factory. Benchmarking against industry leaders to improve
                   manufacturing automation levels, promoting equipment networking, realizing data-driven operations, and
                   improving manufacturing efficiency;

            (7)    Strengthening ESG Capacity Building and Further Enhancing Sustainable Development: Publishing the dual
                   carbon planning white paper and internal ESG management standards manual of the home appliance
                   group, perfecting the risk management mechanism, and implementing carbon reduction projects such as
                   energy-saving manufacturing, green product design, and green supply chain.




                                                                                                                                     15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

            (I)    Major Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

                   Did the Company need to make retrospective adjustment to or restatement of the accounting data of prior years?

                   □ Yes √ No

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                          Increase or
                                                                                                                        decrease as
                                                                            Amount for             Amount for          compared to
                                                                          the Reporting    the corresponding          corresponding
                   Item                                                          Period       period last year   period last year (%)

                   Operating revenue (RMB)                             48,641,673,374.79     42,943,975,619.38                 13.27
                   Net profits attributable to shareholders of the      2,015,831,383.14      1,497,562,724.59                 34.61
                      Company (RMB)
                   Net profits after deducting non-recurring profit     1,703,110,186.47      1,263,227,367.15                 34.82
                      and loss attributable to shareholders of the
                      Company (RMB)
                   Net cash flow from operating activities (RMB)        2,099,973,482.47      3,812,044,169.34                -44.91
                   Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                             1.48                  1.09                 35.78
                   Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                           1.48                  1.09                 35.78
                   Weighted average rate of return on net assets (%)               14.00                 12.28      Increase of 1.72
                                                                                                                  percentage points

                                                                                                                         Increase or
                                                                                 At the                At the           decrease as
                                                                             end of the            end of the          compared to
                   Item                                                Reporting Period         previous year          last year (%)

                   Total assets (RMB)                                  70,721,704,555.81     65,946,495,555.67                  7.24
                   Net assets attributable to shareholders of the      14,161,666,912.48     13,580,174,485.95                  4.28
                     Company (RMB)

            (II)   Accounting Data Differences Under Domestic and Foreign Accounting Standards

                   1.     There was no difference between the net profit and the net assets in the financial reports disclosed in
                          accordance with international accounting standards and in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
                          during the Reporting Period.

                   2.     There was no difference between the net profit and the net assets in the financial reports disclosed in
                          accordance with foreign accounting standards and in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
                          during the Reporting Period.




16
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

       (III)   Non-Recurring Profit and Loss Items and Amounts

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

               Item                                                                                Amount     Description

               Profits or losses from disposal of non-current assets (including the             -188,908.54
                 part written off for provision for impairment on assets)
               Government grants recognised in the profits or losses (excluding              114,199,094.86
                 government grants closely related to the Company’s business
                 and are received with fixed amounts or with fixed percentage
                 based on unified standards promulgated by government)
               Profit and losses from assets which entrust others to invest or               147,523,809.07
                 manage
               Gain or loss on debt restructuring                                              6,522,207.73
               Except for effective hedging operations related to the Company’s               67,039,300.20
                 normal business operations, gain or loss from changes in fair
                 values of transactional financial assets, derivative financial assets,
                 transactional financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities,
                 and investment gain from the disposal of transactional financial
                 assets, derivative financial assets, transactional financial liabilities,
                 derivative financial liabilities and other investments in debt
               Other non-operating income and expenses other than the                         62,164,212.50
                 aforementioned items
               Less: Effect of income tax                                                     38,550,258.11
                      Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                45,988,261.04


               Total                                                                         312,721,196.67




                                                                                                                             17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

            (IV)   Analysis of Principal Business

                   1.     Changes of major financial information as compared to corresponding period in previous year

                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                                        Increase or
                                                                                                       decrease as
                                                                                                      compared to
                                                               Amount for             Amount for     corresponding
                                                             the Reporting    the corresponding     period last year
                          Item                                      Period       period last year                (%)   Reasons of change

                          Operating revenue               48,641,673,374.79    42,943,975,619.38              13.27    No significant changes
                          Operating costs                 38,291,675,401.05    33,698,115,348.34              13.63    No significant changes
                          Sales expenses                   4,959,752,440.46     4,492,848,251.67              10.39    No significant changes
                          Management expenses              1,199,136,901.69     1,024,738,874.90              17.02    No significant changes
                          Financial expenses                -105,016,702.42      -284,866,150.49               N/A     Mainly due to the decrease in
                                                                                                                         foreign exchange gains on
                                                                                                                         foreign exchange evaluations
                          Income tax expenses                469,196,871.14       472,191,163.40              –0.63    No significant changes
                          Research and development         1,643,979,097.19     1,244,057,032.04              32.15    Mainly due to the increase in
                             expenses                                                                                    investment in research and
                                                                                                                         development
                          Net cash flows from operating    2,099,973,482.47     3,812,044,169.34              -44.91   Mainly due to the increase in
                            activities                                                                                   balanced production reserves
                                                                                                                         and the increase in performance
                                                                                                                         bonuses paid
                          Net cash flows from investing     493,052,678.68     -4,588,662,285.55               N/A     Mainly due to the increase in
                            activities                                                                                   maturity of wealth management
                                                                                                                         products
                          Net cash flows from financing   –2,612,982,815.10       944,935,699.25             -376.52   Mainly due to the repayment
                            activities                                                                                   of loans by subsidiaries, the
                                                                                                                         repurchase of shares and the
                                                                                                                         increase in dividend payments
                          Net increase in cash and cash     -127,424,266.33       138,885,445.53             -191.75   Mainly due to the decrease in
                            equivalents                                                                                  net cash flows from operating
                                                                                                                         activities and financing activities

                          No significant change in profit composition or profit source during the Reporting Period of the Company.




18
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

       (IV)   Analysis of Principal Business — Continued

              2.     Composition of operating revenue

                                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                      The Reporting Period                     The corresponding period last year
                                                                                        Weighting to                                  Weighting to
                                                                                           operating                                      operating
                     Item                                             Amount            revenue (%)                   Amount           revenue (%)              Change (%)

                     Total operating revenue                 48,641,673,374.79                            42,943,975,619.38                                             13.27

                     By industry
                     Manufacturing industry                   43,533,451,261.12               89.50        38,703,106,875.81                    90.12                   12.48

                     By product
                     HVAC                                     22,767,026,154.35               46.81        21,160,441,372.37                    49.27                    7.59
                     Refrigerators and washing machines       14,692,881,715.23               30.21        11,586,519,085.22                    26.98                   26.81
                     Other main business                       6,073,543,391.54               12.48         5,956,146,418.22                    13.87                    1.97

                     By region
                     Mainland                                 25,328,122,655.20               52.07        24,466,006,890.61                    56.97                    3.52
                     Overseas                                 18,205,328,605.92               37.43        14,237,099,985.20                    33.15                   27.87

                     The industry, product or region that accounts for more than 10% of the Company’s operating revenue or
                     operating profit

                     √ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                  Increase or
                                                                                                                        Increase or          Increase or            decrease
                                                                                                                        decrease in          decrease in       in gross profit
                                                                                                                 operating revenue       operating costs            margin as
                                                                                                                      as compared          as compared          compared to
                                                                                                      Gross       to corresponding     to corresponding       corresponding
                                                          Operating          Operating        profit margin         period last year     period last year    period last year
                                                           revenue               costs                  (%)                      (%)                  (%) (percentage point)

                     By industry
                     manufacturing industry      43,533,451,261.12     33,423,079,419.82               23.22                  12.48               12.58                  -0.07

                     By product
                     HVAC                        22,767,026,154.35     16,144,839,288.88               29.09                   7.59                7.48                   0.08
                     Refrigerators and washing   14,692,881,715.23     12,138,574,879.46               17.38                  26.81               27.91                  -0.71
                        machines
                     Other main business          6,073,543,391.54      5,139,665,251.48               15.38                   1.97                -0.73                  2.31

                     By region
                     Mainland                    25,328,122,655.20     17,243,837,527.05               31.92                   3.52                2.34                   0.79
                     Overseas                    18,205,328,605.92     16,179,241,892.77               11.13                  27.87               26.01                   1.32




                                                                                                                                                                                 19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     IV.   ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

           1.     Significant Changes in the Composition of Assets

                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                               At the end of the Reporting Period          At the end of 2023
                                                                                                       Weighting to         Change
                                                                  Weighting to                           total assets   (percentage    Explanation of
                  Item                                  Amount total assets (%)            Amount                (%)          point)   significant changes



                 Currency fund                  5,219,471,325.15           7.38     4,939,273,198.62            7.49           -0.11   No significant changes
                 Accounts receivable           11,309,189,054.02          15.99     9,225,321,882.07           13.99            2.00   No significant changes
                 Inventories                    6,651,353,361.18           9.40     6,774,603,438.00           10.27           –0.87   No significant changes
                 Contract assets                   35,587,091.49           0.05        35,878,308.82            0.05            0.00   No significant changes
                 Long-term equity investment    1,874,427,715.29           2.65     1,671,365,117.46            2.53            0.12   No significant changes
                 Investment properties            255,894,853.52           0.36       177,982,723.30            0.27            0.09   No significant changes
                 Fixed assets                   5,483,408,231.10           7.75     5,662,912,502.03            8.59           -0.84   No significant changes
                 Construction in progress         475,282,487.05           0.67       443,523,694.21            0.67            0.00   No significant changes
                 Right-of-use assets              185,583,126.58           0.26       169,378,820.87            0.26            0.00   No significant changes
                 Short-term borrowings          2,308,121,777.48           3.26     2,502,318,314.58            3.79           -0.53   No significant changes
                 Contract liabilities           1,330,234,950.50           1.88     1,440,254,499.57            2.18           -0.30   No significant changes
                 Long-term borrowings              38,147,438.08           0.05        42,956,652.46            0.07           -0.02   No significant changes
                 Lease liabilities                179,233,775.57           0.25       208,946,083.77            0.32           -0.07   No significant changes

           2.     Major Foreign Assets

                  □Applicable √ Not applicable




20
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

IV.   ASSETS AND LIABILITIES POSITION — Continued

      3.    Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value

                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

                                                                       Gain or loss from   Accumulated           Impairment              Amount             Amount
                                                    Amount at the        change in fair   changes in fair           provided         of purchase         of disposal                         Amount at the
                                                  beginning of the     value during the value accounted            during the          during the         during the                             end of the
            Item                                  Reporting Period     Reporting Period         in equity    Reporting Period    Reporting Period   Reporting Period     Other changes     Reporting Period

            Financial assets
            1. Trading financial assets (excluding 13,187,740,355.11     101,206,357.12                                         13,060,574,931.64   12,392,808,071.29     -76,258,051.43   13,880,455,521.15
               derivative financial assets)
            2. Derivative financial assets              4,285,180.76      50,600,856.21                                                                                    -1,432,340.87       53,453,696.10
            3. Other debt investments               4,643,427,583.77                                                             3,160,153,400.98                                           7,803,580,984.75
            4. Other investments in equity             40,244,766.96                          4,424,419.04                           2,938,783.67         662,065.50       -4,704,483.94       42,241,420.23
               instruments
            5. Other non-current financial assets 27,197,809.69                                                                                                            -5,414,206.44     21,783,603.25
            Sub-total of financial assets         17,902,895,696.29     151,807,213.33       4,424,419.04                       16,223,667,116.29 12,393,470,136.79      -87,809,082.68 21,801,515,225.48
            Investment properties
            Productive biological assets
            Total                                 17,902,895,696.29     151,807,213.33       4,424,419.04                       16,223,667,116.29 12,393,470,136.79      -87,809,082.68 21,801,515,225.48
            Financial liabilities                     54,355,584.93      18,465,740.05                                                                                     -5,932,059.20    29,957,785.68

            Other changes

            Mainly due to the changes in the balance of assets and liabilities arising from changes in foreign exchange rates.

      4.    Restrictions on Asset Rights at the end of the Reporting Period

            Save for the earnest money and notes receivable required to be pledged for issuing electronic bank acceptance
            drafts (for details, please refer to Note V. (24)), as at the end of the Reporting Period, none of the major assets of the
            Company was being sealed up, impounded, frozen, mortgaged or pledged and there existed no other restrictions on
            the Company’s rights on its major assets.

V.    ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION

      1.    Overall situation

            √ Applicable □Not applicable

                            Amount invested during                                                     Investment for the same
                          the Reporting Period (RMB)                                                    period last year (RMB)                                          Range of changes

                                      933,291,882.04                                                                      0                                                       N/A

      2.    Significant equity investments acquired during the Reporting Period

            □Applicable √ Not applicable

      3.    Ongoing material non-equity investments during the Reporting Period

            □Applicable √ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                                                                                               21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     V.           ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

                  4.           Financial assets investment

                             （1）            securities investment

                                                                                             Gains or Accumulated
                                                                                             losses on     fair value                Amount Profit and
                                                      Initial    Accounting                  changes in     changes        Purchase sold        loss for the
     Type of        Securities Abbreviation           investment measurement        Opening fair value for  included      amount for during the Reporting                 Closing Accounting            Fund
     Securities     code       of securities          cost       model            book value the period      in equity    the period period Period Other changes       book value accounts            source

     stock          7267          Honda Motor Co., –            Fair value    14,976,321.30                2,432,362.91   571,474.09                  -1,774,778.24   16,205,380.06 Other equity   Own funds
                                    Ltd. (Listed on               measurement                                                                                                        instruments
                                    the Tokyo Stock
                                    Exchange)
     stock          8795          T&D Holdings       –          Fair value             20.09                                                                  -2.19          17.90 Other equity    Own funds
                                    (Listed on the                measurement                                                                                                       instruments
                                    Tokyo Stock
                                    Exchange)
     stock          PRU           Prudential (Listed –          Fair value       1,702,084.58 206,448.46                                                 37,072.92     1,945,605.96 Trading        Own funds
                                    on the New York               measurement                                                                                                         financial
                                    Stock Exchange)                                                                                                                                   assets
     stock          000980        ZOTYE AUTOMOBILE –            Fair value          32,079.74 –17,477.70                                                    353.34        14,955.38 Trading        Own funds
                                                                  measuremen                                                                                                          financial
                                                                                                                                                                                      assets
     stock          601777        Lifan Technology –            Fair value         195,083.41 14,651.45                                                   -3,561.16      206,173.70 Trading        Own funds
                                                                  measuremen                                                                                                          financial
                                                                                                                                                                                      assets

     Other securities investments held at the end of –          –                                                                                                                    –                     –
       the period
     Total                                            –         –               16,905,589.12 203,622.21   2,432,362.91   571,474.09                  -1,740,915.33 18,372,133.00 –                       –
     Date of the announcement disclosing the                                                                                                                                                            N/A
       approval of securities investment by the Board
     Date of the announcement disclosing the                                                                                                                                                            N/A
       approval of securities investment during
       shareholders’ meetings (if any)

                             （2）            derivatives investment

                                            √ Applicable □Not applicable

                                            The Company’s derivative investments are mainly foreign exchange derivatives business such as forward
                                            settlement and sale of foreign exchange. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no derivative
                                            investments for hedging and speculative purposes.

                  5.           Fund raising

                               The Company had no use of raised funds during the Reporting Period.

                  6.           Significant asset and equity disposals

                               The Company did not dispose of any significant assets or significant equity during the Reporting Period.




22
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

V.    ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

      7.    Major controlling companies in which the Company has equity interest

            Main subsidiaries and investees which contributed more than 10% of net profit to the Company

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                    Registered                                Operating     Operating
            Name of company     Company type     Major business        capital    Total asset    Net asset      income          profit    Net profit

            Hisense Hitachi     Subsidiary       Production and US$150 million   2,331,935.64   812,212.49   1,133,786.76   230,487.01   195,725.19
                                                   sale of central
                                                   air-conditioners

            Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

            □ Applicable      √ Not applicable

            Description of major holding and participating companies

            Please refer to the “HVAC Business” section of Management Discussion and Analysis in this report for the detailed
            description for Hisense Hitachi.

VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

      1.    Trusteeship, Contracting and Leasing Matters

           （1）        The Company was not involved in any trusteeship during the Reporting Period.

           （2）        The Company was not involved in any contracting during the Reporting Period.

           （3）        The Company was not involved in any leasing during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                       23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

           2.    Major Guarantees

                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                          External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                              Date of                             Actual date of
                                              disclosure of the                      occurrence                                                                  Counter-
                                              announcement                              (date of           Actual                                              guarantee                              Whether the       Whether to
                 Name of the                  related to the        Guarantee         guarantee         guarantee            Type of          Collateral         situation       Guarantee           performance     guarantee for
                 guarantee object             guarantee amount          quota       agreement)            amount          guarantee             (if any)           (if any)         period             completed    related parties

                 N/A

                 Total quota of external guarantees approved                                    0 Total actual amount of external                                                                                                0
                   during the reporting period (A1)                                               guarantees incurred during the
                                                                                                  reporting period (A2)
                 Total quota of approved external guarantees at                                 0 Total actual external guarantee                                                                                                0
                   the end of the reporting period (A3)                                           balance at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                  period (A4)

                                                                                                       Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                                                                   Actual date of
                                           Date of disclosure                        occurrence                                                                  Counter-
                                           of the announcement                          (date of              Actual                                            guarantee                             Whether the       Whether to
                 Name of the               related to the                             guarantee            guarantee           Type of        Collateral          situation                          performance     guarantee for
                 guarantee object          guarantee amount Guarantee quota          agreement)              amount         guarantee           (if any)            (if any)   Guarantee period        completed    related parties

                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              22 December 2022 RMB0.385 bil ion            Joint and                –                  –    22 December 2022               No                No
                                                                                                                         everal liability                                        – 3 January 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                               7 February 2023        5 bil ion yen        Joint and                –                  –      7 February 2023             Yes                No
                                           28 November 2023       RMB7.9 bil ion                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.224 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              10 February 2023        4 bil ion yen        Joint and                –                  –     10 February 2023             Yes                No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.179 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              22 February 2023 1.03 bil ion yen            Joint and                –                  –     22 February 2023             Yes                No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.046 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                                24 March 2023 3.09 bil ion yen             Joint and                –                  –       24 March 2023              Yes                No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.138 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                                   4 April 2023 11.845 bil ion yen         Joint and                –                  –           4 April 2023           Yes                No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.530 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                                  19 April 2023 0.515 bil ion yen          Joint and                –                  –          19 April 2023           Yes                No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to several liability                                        – 31 January 2024
                                                                                                    RMB0.023 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              31 January 2024        25.472 bil ion Joint and several               –                  –     31 January 2024               No                No
                                                                                                   yen (equivalent to liability guarantee                                       – 30 August 2024
                                                                                                    RMB1.140 bil ion)
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                                   4 April 2023 RMB0.145 bil ion           Joint and                –                  –           4 April 2023           Yes                No
                                                                                                                        several liability                                           – 5 April 2024
                                                                                                                            guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                                  18 April 2023 RMB0.093 bil ion           Joint and                –                  –          18 April 2023            No                No
                                                                                                                        several liability                                          – 30 April 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee


24
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

      2.    Major Guarantees — Continued

                                                                                                Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                                                           Actual date of
                                       Date of disclosure                    occurrence                                                              Counter-
                                       of the announcement                      (date of              Actual                                        guarantee                               Whether the        Whether to
            Name of the                related to the                         guarantee            guarantee            Type of        Collateral     situation                            performance      guarantee for
            guarantee object           guarantee amount Guarantee quota      agreement)              amount          guarantee           (if any)       (if any)     Guarantee period        completed     related parties

            SANDEN CORPORATION                                               21 April 2023    RMB0.185 bil ion        Joint and                –              –           21 April 2023             No                 No
                                                                                                                 several liability                                        – 8 May 2025
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                21 July 2023    RMB0.114 bil ion        Joint and                –              –            21 July 2023             No                 No
                                                                                                                 several liability                                     – 5 August 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                            22 September 2023 RMB0.165 bil ion          Joint and                –              –      22 September 2023              No                 No
                                                                                                                 several liability                                 – 30 September 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                               21 June 2024     RMB0.031 bil ion        Joint and                –              –           21 June 2024              No                 No
                                                                                                                 several liability                                      – 24 June 2025
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                            21 November 2023     2.2 bil ion yen        Joint and                –              –      21 November 2023               No                 No
                                                                                              (equivalent to     several liability                                 – 20 November 2024
                                                                                            RMB0.098 bil ion)       guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                            19 December 2023 2.5 bil ion yen            Joint and                –              –     19 December 2023               Yes                 No
                                                                                              (equivalent to     several liability                                   – 11 January 2024
                                                                                            RMB0.112 bil ion)       guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                              22 March 2024      1.0 bil ion yen        Joint and                –              –          22 March 2024              No                 No
                                                                                              (equivalent to     several liability                                     – 24 March 2025
                                                                                            RMB0.045 bil ion)       guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                              28 March 2024      2.8 bil ion yen        Joint and                –              –          28 March 2024              No                 No
                                                                                              (equivalent to     several liability                                     – 28 March 2025
                                                                                            RMB0.125 bil ion)       guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                30 April 2024               N/A          General                 –              –                    N/A              No                 No
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            Hisense (Guangdong)                                            28 August 2023     RMB0.120 bil ion        Joint and                –              –         28 August 2023             Yes                 No
              Air Conditioning Co.                                                                               several liability                                   – 28 February 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            Hisense (Guangdong)                                           26 September 2023 RMB0.064 bil ion          Joint and                –              –     26 September 2023              Yes                 No
              Air Conditioning Co.                                                                               several liability                                     – 26 March 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            Hisense (Guangdong)                                           27 November 2023 RMB0.062 bil ion           Joint and                –              –     27 November 2023               Yes                 No
              Air Conditioning Co.                                                                               several liability                                      – 27 May 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee
            Hisense (Guangdong)                                           29 January 2024      RMB0.08 bil ion        Joint and                –              –        29 January 2024              No                 No
              Air Conditioning Co.                                                                               several liability                                        – 29 July 2024
                                                                                                                    guarantee

            Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries approved              RMB7.9 billion Total actual amount incurred for                                                                               RMB4.104 billion
              during the reporting period (B1)                                               guarantees to subsidiaries during
                                                                                             the reporting period (B2)
            Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries approved              RMB7.9 billion Total actual guarantee balances                                                                                RMB2.461 billion
              at the end of the reporting period (B3)                                        to subsidiaries at the end of the
                                                                                             reporting period (B4)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

           2.    Major Guarantees — Continued

                                                                                                          Subsidiaries’ guarantees to subsidiaries
                                            Date of                                    Actual date of
                                            disclosure of the                            occurrence                                                                  Counter-
                                            announcement                                    (date of              Actual                                            guarantee                                 Whether the    Whether to
                 Name of the                related to the             Guarantee          guarantee            guarantee           Type of         Collateral         situation            Guarantee         performance guarantee for
                 guarantee object           guarantee amount               quota         agreement)              amount         guarantee            (if any)           (if any)              period           completed related parties

                 Hisense (Guangdong) 30 November 2022 RMB12.2 million                    30 November                RMB0        Joint and                     –                – 30 November 2022                    Yes                No
                   Kitchen & Bath Systems                                                       2022                        several liability                                           – 20 May 2025
                   Co.                                                                                                         guarantee
                 Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries                                          0 Total actual amount incurred                                                                                                       0
                   approved during the reporting period (C1)                                              for guarantees to subsidiaries
                                                                                                          during the reporting period (C2)
                 Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries                            RMB12.2 million Total actual guarantee balances                                                                                                    0
                   approved at the end of the reporting period                                            to subsidiaries at the end of the
                   (C3)                                                                                   reporting period (C4)
                 Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
                 Total quota of guarantee approved during the                          RMB7.9 billion Total actual amount of guarantees                                                                                    RMB4.104 billion
                   reporting period (A1+B1+C1)                                                            incurred during the reporting
                                                                                                          period (A2+B2+C2)
                 Total amount of approved guarantees at the                          RMB7.912 billion Total actual guarantee balance                                                                                       RMB2.461 billion
                   end of the reporting period (A3+B3+C3)                                                 at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                          period (A4+B4+C4)
                 Total actual guarantees (i.e. A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net                                                                                                                                       17.38%
                   assets
                 Among them:
                 Balance of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                                          0
                 The balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio exceeding 70% (E)                                                                           RMB2.461 billion
                 Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)                                                                                                                                            N/A
                 Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                                         RMB2.461 billion
                 For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint and several liability with evidence during the reporting period (if any)                             No
                 Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                                            No

           3.    Particulars of Entrusted Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB ten thousand

                                                                            Source of                            Subscription                            Amount                                                      Impairment
                                                                            funding for                             amount of                           of undue                            Overdue                   amount of
                                                                            entrusted wealth                 entrusted wealth                      principal and                            balance              overdue wealth
                 Product type                                               management                          management                                 return                             return               management

                 Wealth management products of Own funds                                                             1,392,361.77                     1,376,728.02                                  0.00                            0.00
                   banks
                 Total                                                                                              1,392,361.77                     1,376,728.02                                  0.00                             0.00

                 During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any high-risk entrusted wealth management with significant
                 individual amounts or low safety and liquidity, and the Company was not aware of any circumstances indicating the
                 possibility that the principal of the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances
                 that might lead to impairment of the entrusted wealth management.




26
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS

       (I)   Technical Advantages

             The Company always adheres to the core concept of “Technology-based Enterprise”, revolves around the smart
             life strategy, and continues to carry out technological innovation with “intelligence, health and energy saving” as
             its cores. The Company boasts more than 20 provincial-level and above scientific and technological innovation
             platforms, including national-level enterprise technology centres, postdoctoral research workstations and national-
             level industrial design centres. The Company vigorously promotes the transformation of IPD process and the
             development of engineer culture, establishes a European R&D centre, further improves global R&D system and
             resource coordination, achieves major breakthroughs in multiple directions such as low-carbon energy-saving,
             comfort and health, intelligent freshness preservation, high energy efficiency in washing and drying, and constant air
             volume duct control. These technological advancements have maintained the Company’s industry-leading position
             and have been successfully applied to its products.

             1.     HVAC Business

                    (1)     Central Air-conditioner, the Company is committed to empowering products and solutions with
                            AI and IoT technologies, enhancing the comprehensive competitiveness of low-carbon, energy-
                            saving, health and comfort technologies. The Company made breakthrough in the new generation
                            of high-efficiency air supply technology and enhanced heat exchange technology, significantly
                            improving the performance of multi-connected products, maintaining its industry leadership. The
                            Company pioneered the load balancing control technology in the industry, achieving load balancing
                            across different rooms and reducing actual operational energy consumption. The Company
                            made breakthrough in the low-noise control technology, reducing the operating refrigerant sound,
                            significantly improving sound quality and enhancing user experience. The Company pioneered
                            energy-saving control technology based on indoor air quality, achieving real-time online monitoring
                            of energy consumption and evaluation of energy-saving effect using AI powered real-time data
                            collection, significantly reducing actual operational energy consumption while improving indoor air
                            quality and maintaining its industry leadership.

                    (2)     Household Air-conditioner, the Company always adheres to technology-first, focusing on user and
                            market demands, continuously intensifying innovations around core technologies such as “health,
                            comfort, energy saving, and intelligence”. The Company pioneered the bidirectional fresh air
                            exchange technology in the industry, to use a single motor to simultaneously intake and exhaust air,
                            improving CO2 replacement efficiency in rooms, achieving rapid and efficient fresh air exchange,
                            and continuing to lead the industry in fresh air technology. The Company conducted key research on
                            multi-source noise control technology for air conditioners, enhancing the mute effect of household air
                            conditioners, providing users with a better experience, with technological achievements identified as
                            internationally leading. The Company achieved breakthroughs in the entire chain of infrared human
                            sensing technology from mechanism, identification to control using the personalized thermal comfort
                            AI identification and control technology for air conditioners, enhancing personalized thermal comfort
                            experience for multiple users in different scenarios, with technological achievements identified as
                            internationally leading. The Company developed key technology for a self-developed high-reliability
                            multi-phase interleaved PFC variable frequency control system, solving stress issues such as sudden
                            changes in grid voltage and overcurrent, controlling the attenuation of cooling capacity, improving
                            the overall reliability, environmental adaptability, and user experience of the unit, overcoming the
                            reliance on foreign chips and achieving complete domestication, with technological achievements
                            identified as internationally leading.




                                                                                                                                      27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS — Continued

            (I)   Technical Advantages — Continued

                  2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business

                        (1)    Refrigerator, the Company continues to launch innovative products, leading the trend of high
                               capacity and high energy efficiency, and promoting technological upgrades in the industry. The
                               Company made breakthrough first in the application of 6.35mm small diameter fin evaporator
                               technology, completing further expansion of the large-capacity multi-door refrigerator product
                               platform. The Company pioneered the industry with 55mm ultra-thin freezing foaming technology
                               and achieved its industrialization, completing the development of the new high-energy efficiency
                               product BCD-504W with 8-star rating for export to Australia. The Company pioneered the near-infrared
                               food preservation technology in the industry, combining characteristic spectrum and light patterns
                               to achieve a 40% reduction in the 7-day weight loss rate of fruits and vegetables, a 50% increase in
                               chlorophyll retention rate, and a 25% increase in VC retention rate, filling the research gap in light
                               frequency for fruit and vegetable storage in the industry, with preservation levels internationally
                               leading. The Company made breakthroughs and filled the application gap in sterilization functionality
                               for refrigerator ice-making and water routes, and innovatively developed UV dynamic sterilization
                               technology with a sterilization rate of up to 99.99%, providing users with a safe and hygienic solution
                               for ice and water consumption, with technology reaching internationally leading levels.

                        (2)    Washing Machine, the Company conducts research into washing, drying, and low-carbon
                               technologies, driven by its strategic development goals and customer needs, with the aim of
                               enhancing product performance and low-carbon environmental protection. In the washing and care
                               aspect, the Company had a primary research focus on iterative upgrades of live water washing, with
                               the product’s washing ratio reaching an industry-leading level of 1.259, and the European energy
                               efficiency standard achieving A-30% or above. The Company led the formulation of group standards
                               in seven major aspects of care, and obtained the “Skincare Quality Care” certification, meeting
                               the needs of users for different types of clothing care. In the drying asp, the Company focused on
                               improving drying efficiency and developing dryness assessment algorithms, with heat pump dryers
                               achieving new European standard level A energy efficiency, and the drying efficiency of integrated
                               washing and drying machines improved by 35%. In the low-carbon aspect, the Company had a
                               research focus on sustainable packaging and PCR plastic applications, meeting the low-carbon and
                               environmental protection requirements of domestic and international markets.

                        (3)    Kitchen Appliances, the Company focuses on user demands, insists on innovation and technical
                               breakthroughs, and continuously enhances core technology reserves. The dishwasher products
                               apply UV full waterway sterilization technology, achieving a sterilization effect of 99.99%, with the
                               implementation of automatic dispensing, localized enhanced washing, and residual water-free
                               technologies, setting a new benchmark for performance in the industry. Self-developed cooking
                               temperature control algorithms for steam ovens pioneers the application of model predictive control
                               (MPC) algorithms in steam oven products, improving temperature control accuracy by more than
                               33%, setting a new benchmark for performance in the industry. The Company launched ultra-thin low-
                               suction series products for range hoods, equipped with constant air volume variable frequency air
                               duct matching technology, balancing effective air volume and noise performance, setting a new
                               benchmark for performance in the industry. The Company continually upgrades flat plate burning
                               technology for gas stoves, with thermal efficiency exceeding 75%, reaching advanced industry levels,
                               and expands the application scenarios of dry burn prevention technology, compatible with a variety
                               of cookware such as clay pots and composite bottom pots, setting a new benchmark for performance
                               in the industry.




28
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS — Continued

       (I)     Technical Advantages — Continued

               3.     Automobile Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management Business

                      Based on the demand for the ITMS integrated thermal management platform using R290 natural refrigerant,
                      Sanden Company effectively integrates components such as compressors, refrigerant valves, and heat
                      exchangers to develop a highly integrated CRU refrigerant integrated unit, reducing leakage and safety
                      hazards, while fully meeting customer needs for platformization and cost-effectiveness. In the component
                      aspect, the new fifth-generation electric compressor platform achieves compatibility with different refrigerants
                      such as R1234yf, CO2, and R290, enhancing its technological advantages in performance, noise reduction,
                      and modularization. The new generation of thick film heating technology enriches and expands the ECH
                      product line, effectively assisting in the rapid heating of batteries and cabins under ultra-low temperature
                      conditions, and possesses strong technical advantages in lightweight and low fluid resistance. Additionally,
                      Sanden Company expands the development of split dual-layer flow HVAC, further improving the usage
                      space of electric vehicle cabins, and achieving dual competitiveness in spatial arrangement and low energy
                      consumption.

       (II)    Brand Matrix

               The Company’s products are released under eight brands, namely “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”, “HITACHI”, “YORK”,
               “gorenje”, “ASKO” and “SANDEN”. Such rich brand line-up has allowed the Company to enjoy an excellent brand
               reputation and solid customer base. With the range of products covered by different brands and their product
               characteristics, the Company is able to meet the needs of different users.

               Along with the continuous advancement of Hisense’s internationalization strategy, the overseas popularity and
               influence of the brand have been continuously improved. Meanwhile, Hisense keeps strengthening its marketing
               effort in sports by sponsoring EURO2016, World Cup 2018, EURO2020, World Cup 2022 and Euro 2024, with the aim to
               significantly boost its brand popularity in international market through these top sporting events in the world.

               According to the marketing effectiveness research data in relation to Euro 2024, Hisense’s brand equity overseas
               increased by 8% year-on-year after the Euro Cup, with an increase of 12% year-on-year in the French market and an
               increase of 11% year-on-year in Spain. Hisense’s brand awareness overseas increased by 7% year-on-year, with an
               increase of 7% year-on-year in Germany and an increase of 6% year-on-year in France.

       (III)   Culture of Integrity

               Integrity is the core value of Hisense, a principle that all Hisense employees must adhere to. It is a promise written into
               the name of Hisense and a non-negotiable red line that cannot be crossed. In 2013, Hisense announced the “Code
               of Integrity of Hisense Group (《海信集團誠信守則》),” which serves as the superior law for all management practices
               of Hisense. An Annual Integrity Management Report needs to be presented at the Group’s annual business work
               conference.

               Abiding by business ethics and adhering to integrity operations is the Company’s long-term philosophy. Employees
               of Hisense regard integrity as their lives and pass it down to this day. To ensure that all employees of the Company
               always practice the core values of “honesty and integrity, pragmatism and innovativeness,” the Company has
               also formulated systems and norms, including the Administrative Measures for Reporting Violations and Disciplinary
               Actions (《違規違紀行為舉報管理辦法》), the Business Communication Guidelines for Hisense Partners (《海信合作方
               商業交往準則》), and the Business Communication Guidelines for Hisense Employees (《海信員工商業交往準則》), to
               institutionalize, standardize, and normalize its integrity behaviours and carry out business cooperation legally and
               compliantly.




                                                                                                                                             29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VIII.   THE RISKS FACED BY THE GROUP AND OUTLOOK

             1.     Risk of macroeconomic fluctuations: If the macroeconomic growth slows down, the momentum of consumption may
                    weaken, thereby affecting the consumer demand for home appliances.

             2.     Risk of cost increase: If the prices of raw materials continue to fluctuate, the Company’s product costs will be
                    adversely affected. Any increase labour and service costs, shipping costs and installation and maintenance service
                    costs may adversely affect the Company’s profitability.

             3.     Market risks brought about by trade protectionism: if some countries and regions protect their own economic interests
                    by raising tariffs, mandatory certification and other means, which will lead to an increase in the Company’s operating
                    costs, affecting the competitiveness and profitability of its export business.

             4.     Exchange rate fluctuation risk: If the exchange rate fluctuates sharply, it will affect the profitability of the Company’s
                    overseas business.

             In the face of business risks, the Company will actively respond to the challenges and further improve the quality of
             its business operations through insight into user needs, strengthening R&D capabilities, cost reduction and efficiency
             improvement, and focusing on long-term construction. ① The Company is user-centered, investigates the concern needs
             and solves user pain points. ② The Company has strengthened its R&D capabilities and key technology research, and
             enhanced its technological innovation capabilities. ③ The Company has optimized its sales structure and strengthened cost
             control to alleviate the pressure of rising costs. ④ The Company has strengthened the credit risk management of customers,
             accelerated the turnover of inventory funds, and enhanced the efficiency of capital operation. ⑤ The company has
             practiced advanced manufacturing, focused on long-term capacity building, and constructed the enterprise’s sustainable
             growth capability to ensure the company’s healthy, stable and sustainable development.




30
OTHER INFORMATION

MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

1.   Connected transactions in relation to ordinary business occurred

                                                                                                       Connected      Percentage of
                                                                                                       transaction     total amount          Approved
                                                           Particulars of          Pricing principle       amount          of similar      transaction
                                   Type of connected       connected               of connected           (RMB ten      transactions     amount（RMB
     Connected party               transaction             transaction             transaction          thousand)                (%)    ten thousand)

     Hisense Group                 Purchase                Finished goods          Agreed price          18,543.58              0.40       553,000.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Hisense Group                 Purchase                Materials               Agreed price         114,689.63              2.48
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Hisense Group                 Receipt of services     Receipt of services     Agreed price          85,523.48              1.85
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Hisense Group                 Sale                    Finished goods          Agreed price        1,443,073.03            29.67      3,085,000.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Hisense Group                 Sale                    Materials               Agreed price          68,949.54              1.42
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Hisense Group                 Sale                    Moulds                  Market price           2,721.07              0.06
     Hisense Group                 Provision of services   Provision of services   Agreed price           4,317.87              0.09
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Johnson Hitachi               Purchase                Products                Agreed price          56,435.97              1.22       141,586.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     HASCO Sanden                  Purchase                Products                Agreed price          20,446.55              0.44        25,000.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     Johnson Hitachi               Sale                    Products                Agreed price           19,054.3              0.39        41,503.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price
     HASCO Sanden                  Sale                    Products                Agreed price          51,833.97              1.07       270,000.00
                                                                                   by reference to
                                                                                   market price

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had the balance of deposit of approximately RMB14.175 billion,
     recognised interest income of approximately RMB0.186 billion, the actual balance of loan of RMB20 million with loan interest
     recognised of RMB0.4670 million, the balance of electronic finance company acceptance bill of approximately RMB1.847
     billion, and the handling fee for opening accounts for electronic finance company acceptance bill of approximately
     RMB0.8448 million. The actual amount of discounted interest for the provision of draft discount services of approximately
     RMB0.0684 million, the actual amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services was
     approximately US$8.5163 million and the actual service fee paid for the provision of agency services such as settlement
     services for receipt and payment of funds was approximately RMB0.2279 million.

2.   Connected transactions in acquisition and sale of assets or equity rights

     During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions involving the acquisition or sale of assets or equity.




                                                                                                                                                         31
     OTHER INFORMATION

     MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

     3.   Connected transactions in relation to joint external investment

          During the Reporting Period, there were no connected transactions in relation to joint external investment.

                                                                                                                                              Total assets        Net assets         Net profit
                                                                                                         Principal         Registered     of the investee    of the investee   of the investee
                                                                                     Name of             activities         capital of           (RMB ten           (RMB ten          (RMB ten
          Co-investor                   Relationships                            the investee      of the investee       the investee          thousand)          thousand)          thousand)

          Hisense Visual                Connected Legal Entity              Intelligent Electronic technical research RMB1,163,921,324         89,886.39          89,204.48          1,065.17
                                                                                                   and development,
                                                                                                   technical
                                                                                                   consulting,
                                                                                                   technical services
                                                                                                   in the field
                                                                                                   of electronic
                                                                                                   technology,
                                                                                                   software
                                                                                                   development,
                                                                                                   network technology
                                                                                                   development and
                                                                                                   consulting
          Progress of significant ongoing projects of the investee (if any)                   N/A

          Note:      Pursuant to the contractual agreement, Hisense Visual has paid a capital increase of RMB 102 million to Intelligent Electronics and
                     the Company has paid a capital increase of RMB 98 million to Intelligent Electronics. The financial data in the above table represents
                     the latest audited data of Intelligent Electronics.


     4.   Connected creditor’s rights and liabilities

          The Company’s connected creditor’s rights and liabilities are mainly related to the sales of goods, purchases of goods,
          provision of services, acceptance of services and other business transactions. During the Reporting Period, the Company did
          not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and liabilities.

     5.   Transactions with related financial companies and financial companies controlled by the Company

          Deposit operations

                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                                                                                                Amount incurred
                                                                                                                                                during the period
                                                                                                                                         Total amount Total amount
                                                                               Maximum                                                      deposited        taken out
                                                                             daily deposit             Deposit            Opening           during the      during the              Closing
          Related parties                 Relationships                               limit         rate range            balance               period          period             balance

          Hisense Finance                 Subsidiary of an indirect           2,700,000.00         0.35%-2.80%        1,533,786.44        9,173,716.98       9,290,030.27      1,417,473.15
                                            controlling shareholder




32
OTHER INFORMATION

MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

5.     Transactions with related financial companies and financial companies controlled by the Company — Continued

       Loan operations

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                                                                   Amount incurred
                                                                                                                   during the period
                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                               Maximum                                          Total loan    repayment
                                                               daily loan       Loan rate          Opening     amount for     amount for          Closing
       Related parties         Relationships                          limit        range           balance     the period      the period        balance

       Hisense Finance         Subsidiary of an indirect       500,000.00      1.30%-3.70%         11,031.95     1,200.00       10,231.95         2,000.00
                                 controlling shareholder

       Granting of credit or other financial business

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

       Related parties                 Relationships                             Business type                     Total amount             Actual amount

       Hisense Finance                 Subsidiary of an indirect controlling     Granting Credit                      765,500.00                195,364.04
                                         shareholder

6.     Transactions between the Company’s controlling financial company and related parties

       There are no deposits, loans, credits or other financial operations between the Company’s controlling finance company and
       related parties.

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Net cash generated from operating activities of the Group was approximately RMB2,100 million for the six months ended 30 June
2024 (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB3,812 million).

As at 30 June 2024, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee balances) amounting
to approximately RMB5,219 million (as at 30 June 2023: RMB4,564 million), of which more than RMB4,735 million are denominated in
Renminbi (as at 30 June 2023: RMB3,430 million), and loans amounting to RMB3,135 million (as at 30 June 2023: RMB3,889 million).

Total capital expenditures of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately RMB540 million (for the
six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB405 million).

Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note XVI (1) to the financial statements.

TRUST DEPOSITS

As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of the Group’s deposits
have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                                                             33
     OTHER INFORMATION

     EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

     Since part of the purchase and overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were denominated in foreign currency,
     the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has used financial instruments such as import/export
     documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging purposes.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The twelfth session of the audit committee of the Company has reviewed, with no disagreement, with the management the
     accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, and discussed auditing, internal control, risk management system and
     financial reporting matters, including the unaudited interim results of the Group for the Reporting Period.

     GEARING RATIO

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: total liabilities divided by total assets) was
     73.12% (as at 30 June 2023: 73.38%).

     HUMAN RESOURCES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group had approximately 51,675 employees, mainly comprising 10,721 technical staff, 11,791 sales
     representatives, 520 financial staff, 1,020 administrative staff and 27,623 production staff. The Group had 77 employees with a
     doctorate degree, 2,511 with a master’s degree and 49,087 with a bachelor’s degree. For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the
     Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB4,893 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB4,318 million).

     The Company adopts a position-based remuneration policy for its staff. Staff remuneration is determined with reference to the
     relative importance of and responsibility assumed by the position of the staff and other performance indicators.

     CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

     As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land held for own use),
     investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2023: nil) which were pledged as security for the Group’s borrowings.




34
OTHER INFORMATION

SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 30 June 2024, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:

                                                                                                                                       Percentage to
                                                                                                                      Number          the total issued
Class of shares                                                                                                      of shares          share capital

A Shares                                                                                                      927,577,562                      66.87%
H Shares                                                                                                      459,589,808                      33.13%


Total                                                                                                      1,387,167,370                     100.00%


TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

As at 30 June 2024, there were 25,399 shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) in total, of which the top ten Shareholders
were as follows:

                                                                                                                         Percentage to        Number of
                                                                                                   Percentage to            the relevant     shares held
                                                                                                  the total issued       class of issued      subject to
                                                                                     Number of      shares of the              shares of         trading
Name of Shareholder                              Nature of Shareholder              shares held         Company           the Company        moratorium

Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning                   Domestic non-state-owned legal   516,758,670            37.25%                55.71%               0
   Company Limited                                   person
HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 1                      Foreign legal person             458,951,527            33.09%                99.86%               0
The Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company          Foreign legal person              62,789,122             4.53%                 6.77%               0
   Limited (“HKSCC”) Note 2
China Construction Bank Corporation – Yinhua       Other                             15,999,606             1.15%                 1.72%               0
   Wealthy Theme Hybrid Securities Investment
   Fund*(中國建設銀行股份有限公司－銀華富裕主題
   混合型證券投資基金)
National Social Security Fund 101 Portfolio*       Other                             13,590,932             0.98%                 1.47%               0
   (全國社保基金一零一組合)
National Social Security Fund 103 Portfolio*       Other                             10,000,000             0.72%                 1.08%               0
   (全國社保基金一零三組合)
Industrial and Commercial Bank of                  Other                              7,789,701             0.56%                 0.84%               0
   China-Southern Performance Growth Equity
   Securities Investment Fund*
   (中國工商銀行－南方績優成長股票型證券投資基金)
Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.            Other                              6,598,140             0.48%                 0.71%               0
   －the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership
   Plan*(海信家電集團股份有限公司
   －2022年A股員工持股計劃)
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.- Nanfang Xingrun Value Other                                6,325,052             0.46%                 0.68%               0
   One-Year Holding Period Hybrid Securities
   Investment Fund* (興業銀行股份有限公司
   －南方興潤價值一年持有期混合型證券投資基金)
Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd – China        Other                              5,470,858             0.39%                 0.59%               0
   Securities 500 Traded Open-End Index Securities
   Investment Fund *(中國農業銀行股份有限公司
   －中證500交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)




                                                                                                                                                           35
     OTHER INFORMATION

     SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                                tradable
     Name of Shareholders                                                                                     shares held      Class of shares

     Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning Company Limited                                                         516,758,670      RMB ordinary shares
     HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                                                   458,951,527      Overseas listed foreign
                                                                                                                                shares
     HKSCC                                                                                                     62,789,122      RMB ordinary shares
     China Construction Bank Corporation – Yinhua Wealthy Theme Hybrid Securities                              15,999,606      RMB ordinary shares
       Investment Fund*(中國建設銀行股份有限公司－銀華富裕主題混合型證券投資基金)
     National Social Security Fund 101 Portfolio*(全國社保基金一零一組合)                                                 13,590,932      RMB ordinary shares
     National Social Security Fund 103 Portfolio*(全國社保基金一零三組合)                                                 10,000,000      RMB ordinary shares
     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China-Southern Performance Growth                                        7,789,701      RMB ordinary shares
       Equity Securities Investment Fund*(中國工商銀行－南方績優成長股票型證券投資基金)
     Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.                                                                    6,598,140      RMB ordinary shares
       – the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan*
       (海信家電集團股份有限公司－2022年A股員工持股計劃)
     Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.                                                                                  6,325,052      RMB ordinary shares
       – Nanfang Xingrun Value One-Year Holding Period Hybrid Securities Investment Fund*
       (興業銀行股份有限公司－南方興潤價值一年持有期混合型證券投資基金)
     Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd – China Securities 500 Traded Open-End Index                           5,470,858      RMB ordinary shares
       Securities Investment Fund *(中國農業銀行股份有限公司
       －中證500交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)

     Notes:


     1.       HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder of the shares held by non-registered H shareholders of the Company. The shares held by
              HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, including Hisense Hong Kong, a party acting in concert
              with the controlling shareholder of the Company, which held a total number of 124,452,000 H Shares as of the end of the Reporting Period
              representing 8.97% of the total number of the shares of the Company.


     2.       HKSCC is the nominee holder of the shares held by non-registered A shareholders of the Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock
              Connect. The shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participants.


     Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any Shareholders being connected with each other or any of them being a
     party acting in concert with any of the other within the meaning of Administrative Measures for the Takeover of Listed Companies（《上
     市公司收購管理辦法》）

     Change in controlling shareholder or de facto controller

     There was no change in the controlling shareholder and de facto controller of the Company during the Reporting Period.




36
OTHER INFORMATION

OTHER IMPORTANT MATTERS

(I)      During the Reporting Period, there was no undertaking made by parties involved in undertakings including the Company’s
         beneficial controllers, shareholders, related parties, bidders and the Company during the Reporting Period or prior periods
         but subsisting to the end of the Reporting Period.

(II)     There was no non-operational appropriation of funds from controlling shareholders and other related parties to the Company
         during the Reporting Period.

(III)    There were no breaches of the Company’s external guarantees during the Reporting Period.

(IV)     The interim report of the Company has not been audited.

(V)      Explanation by the Board and the Supervisory Committee on the “Non-Standard Audit Report” of the CPA firm for the
         Reporting Period

         □Applicable     √ Not applicable

(VI)     Explanation by the Board on the “Non-Standard Audit Report” of previous year

         □Applicable     √ Not applicable

(VII)    There were no insolvency-related restructuring events during the Reporting Period.

(VIII)   There was no progress of material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period.

(IX)     There were no penalties or corrective actions taken by the Company during the Reporting Period.

(X)      Integrity of the Company, its controlling shareholders and de facto controllers

         □Applicable     √ Not applicable

INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES

So far as is known to the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 30 June 2024, the following persons
(other than the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”), or which were recorded in
the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange:




                                                                                                                                       37
     OTHER INFORMATION

     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES — Continued

     Long position or short position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                                          Percentage of       Percentage of
                                                                                                         Number of        the respective the total number of
     Name of Shareholder                    Capacity                                Type of shares      shares held       type of shares      shares in issue

     Hisense Air-conditioning               Beneficial owner A shares                     A Shares      516,758,670(L)           37.25%               55.71%
     Hisense Group                          Interest of controlled corporation            A Shares      516,758,670(L)           37.25%               55.71%
     Hisense Hong Kong                      Beneficial owner A shares                     H Shares      124,452,000(L)            8.97%               27.08%
     Hisense Group                          Interest of controlled corporation            H Shares      124,452,000(L)            8.97%               27.08%

     The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position and the letter “P” denotes lending pool.

     Note:    Hisense Air-conditioning is a company 93.33% directly owned by Hisense Group, whereas Hisense Hong Kong is a company directly wholly-
              owned by Hisense Group. By virtue of the SFO, Hisense Group was deemed to be interested in the same parcel of A shares of which Hisense
              Air-conditioning was interested and in the same parcel of H shares of which Hisense Hong Kong was interested.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, in so far as the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company are aware,
     there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which
     were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

     INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As at 30 June 2024, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board, supervisors and the chief executives of the
     Company held any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any of its
     associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be maintained by the
     Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
     the Model Code.

     Long position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                          Percentage to
                                                                                                           Percentage to the          the relevant class
                                                                                                          total issued shares           of issued shares
     Name of Director                  Nature of interest                         Number of shares           of the Company             of the Company

     Mr. Jia Shao Qian                 Beneficial owner                                       404,360                    0.04%                       0.03%

     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
     out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities transaction by the Directors and the Supervisors of the
     Company. After having made specific enquiries to the Directors and the Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors have confirmed
     that they had acted in full compliance with the Model Code during their term of office throughout the Reporting Period.




38
OTHER INFORMATION

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

The Company disclosed the announcement regarding the completion of the repurchase of the Company’s A Shares and changes
in Shares on 24 July 2024. During the period from 17 January 2024 to 23 July 2024, the Company repurchased 13,915,968 A Shares
of the Company, representing 1.00% of the total share capital of the Company as at 24 July 2024, through centralized bidding
transactions via a dedicated securities account for share repurchases. The highest transaction price was RMB27.00 per share, the
lowest transaction price was RMB23.33 per share, and the total transaction amount was RMB 343,418,332.75 (excluding transaction
costs).

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed
securities during the Reporting Period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the code
provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

INTERIM DIVIDENDS

The declaration and payment of a final dividend of RMB10.13 per 10 shares (inclusive of tax) was approved at the annual general
meeting of the Company held on 24 June 2024 for the year ended 31 December 2023. The final dividend of approximately RMB1.4
billion in total had been paid to the Shareholders of the Company as of the date of this report.

The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the Reporting Period. No interim dividend was paid for the
corresponding period last year.

CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

1.     Election of New Session of the Board and Changes in Directors

       The twelfth session of the Board was established and assumed its duties on 24 June 2024. As at the date of this report, the
       Board consisted of nine Directors, including six executive Directors (Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr.
       Hu Jian Yong, Ms. Gao Yu Ling and Mr. Zhu Dan) and three independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi
       Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun).

       From the beginning of the Reporting Period to the date of this report, the changes in Directors of the Company and their
       positions are as follows:

       (1)    With the approval of the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company, Mr. Zhu Dan was appointed as an
              executive Director of the Company for a term of three years commencing on 24 June 2024. On the same day, with
              the consideration and the approval of the Board, Mr. Zhu dan was newly appointed as a member of the strategy
              committee of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcements and the circular of the Company dated
              3 June 2024 and 24 June 2024.

       (2)    With the approval of the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing was appointed as an
              independent non-executive Director of the Company for a term of three years commencing on 24 June 2024. On
              the same day, with the consideration and the approval of the Board, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing was newly appointed as the
              chairman of the nomination committee of the Company, and a member of the audit committee of the Company
              and the remuneration & appraisal committee of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcements and
              the circular of the Company dated 3 June 2024 and 24 June 2024.

       (3)    With the approval of 2024 third extraordinary general meeting of the Company, Mr. Xu Guo Jun was appointed as
              an independent non-executive Director of the Company for a term of three years commencing on 2 August 2024.
              On the same day, with the consideration and the approval of the Board, Mr. Xu Guo Jun was newly appointed as
              the chairman of audit committee of the Company, and a member of the remuneration & appraisal committee of the
              Company and the nomination committee of the Company. For details, please refer to the announcements and the
              circular of the Company dated 16 July 2024 and 2 August 2024.




                                                                                                                                         39
     OTHER INFORMATION

            (4)    With effect from 24 June 2024, Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua no longer served as an executive Director and a member of the
                   strategy committee of the Company due to the job rearrangement upon the expiry of his term on 24 June 2024. For
                   details, please refer to the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 3 June 2024 and 24 June 2024.

            (5)    With effect from 24 June 2024, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen no longer served as an independent non-executive Director,
                   the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company, and a member of the audit committee of the Company
                   and the remuneration & appraisal committee of the Company due to the expiry of six years as an independent non-
                   executive Director upon the expiry of his term on 24 June 2024. For details, please refer to the announcement and the
                   circular of the Company dated 3 June 2024 and 24 June 2024.

            (6)    With effect from 2 August 2024, Mr. Cheung Sai Kit no longer served as an independent non-executive Director, the
                   chairman of audit committee of the Company, and a member of the remuneration & appraisal committee of the
                   Company and the nomination committee of the Company due to the expiry of six years as an independent non-
                   executive Director upon the expiry of his term on 2 August 2024. For details, please refer to the announcement and
                   the circular of the Company dated 16 July 2024 and 2 August 2024.

     2.     Election of New Session of Supervisory Committee

            The twelfth session of the Supervisory Committee was established and assumed its duties on 24 June 2024. As at the date of
            this report, the Supervisory Committee consisted of three Supervisors, including one employee representative Supervisor (Mr.
            Bao Yi) and two shareholder representative Supervisors (Mr. Liu Zhen Shun and Ms. Sun Jia Hui).

            (1)    With effective from 24 June 2024, Mr. Bao Yi was elected as the employee representative Supervisor at the ninth
                   meeting of the sixth employee representative. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
                   24 June 2024.

            (2)    With effective from 24 June 2024, Mr. Yin Zhi Xin no longer served as the Company’s employee representative
                   Supervisor due to the work adjustment upon the expiry of his term on 24 June 2024. For details, please refer to the
                   announcement of the Company dated 24 June 2024.

     Save as disclosed above, there were no substantial changes to the information of the directors, supervisors and senior management
     of the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) and Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

     During the Reporting Period, amendments have been made to the Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to the special
     resolution passed at the 2023 annual general meeting held on 24 June 2024. For details of the amendments to the Articles of
     Association, please refer to the announcement and the circular of the Company dated 3 June 2024. The full text of the amended
     Articles of Association can be downloaded on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of
     the Company (http://hxjd.hisense.cn).




40
OTHER INFORMATION

2024 A SHARE EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNNERSHIP PLAN

The Company adopted the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “Stock Ownership Plan”) on the 2024 second
extraordinary general meeting held on 22 February 2024.

The underlying Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 13,916,000 Shares. The sources of the Shares under the Stock
Ownership Plan are the ordinary A Shares repurchased with the Company’s designated repurchase account.

The participants of the Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors, senior management, core
management and core employees of the Company, who have an important role and influence on the overall performance and
medium- to long-term development of the Company. The total number of Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors,
senior management, core management and core employees of the Company participating in the Stock Ownership Plan shall not
exceed 279, including 8 Directors, supervisor and senior management. The relationship between such personnel and the Stock
Ownership Plan does not constitute acting-in-concert relationship.

As at the date of this report, there are 735,918 A Shares available for future grant under the Stock Ownership Plan.

The following table sets out the details of grant of Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan during the Reporting Period. To the
best knowledge of the Directors, save as disclosed below, none of the Participants is (i) a Director, chief executive or substantial
shareholder of the Company, or an associate (as defined under the Listing Rules) of any of them; (ii) a participant with awards
granted and to be granted exceeding the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D of the Listing Rules; and (iii) a related entity
participant or service provider with awards granted and to be granted in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the total ordinary
A Shares in issue.

                                                                                                             Closing price    Unvested    Granted      Vested       Cancelled    Lapsed       Unvested
                                                                                                             of the A         as at       during the   during the   during the   during the   as at
                                                                                                             Shares on the    1 January   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    30 June
Grantee                                      Date of grant   Unlocking period                 Purchase price date of grant:   2024(3)     Period       Period       Period       Period       2024


Dai Hui Zhong (Chairman)                        10 July 2024(1) The underlying Shares acquired RMB10.78 per   RMB27.68 per    N/A         200,000      –            –            –            200,000
                                                                  by the Stock Ownership Plan A Share          A Share                      A Shares                                            A Shares
Jia Shao Qian (Executive Director)                                through non-trading transfer                                            200,000      –            –            –            200,000
                                                                  or other ways permitted by                                                A Shares                                            A Shares
Yu Zhi Tao (Executive Director)                                   the laws and regulations                                                200,000      –            –            –            200,000
                                                                  shall be unlocked in three                                                A Shares                                            A Shares
Hu Jian Yong (Executive Director and President)                   phases commencing from                                                  330,000      –            –            –            330,000
                                                                  12 months after the date of                                               A Shares                                            A Shares
Gao Yu Ling (Executive Director and person in                     the announcement of the                                                 200,000      –            –            –            200,000
  charge of finance)                                              Company of the transfer of                                                A Shares                                            A Shares
Zhang Yu Xin (Secretary to the Board)                             the last tranche of underlying                                          60,000       –            –            –            60,000
                                                                  Shares for the first grant to the                                         A Shares                                            A Shares
Xia Zhang Zhua (Former Executive Director)                        Stock Ownership Plan. The lock-                                         200,000      –            –            –            200,000
                                                                  up period shall be up to 36                                               A Shares                                            A Shares
Yin Zhi Xin (Former Supervisor)                                   months.                                                                 130,000      –            –            –            130,000
                                                                                                                                            A Shares                                            A Shares
Sub-total                                                                                                                                 1,520,000    –            –            –            1,520,000 A
                                                                                                                                            A Shares                                            Shares
core management and core employees                                                            RMB24.42 per                                12,396,00    –            –            –            12,396,00 A
  (not exceeding 271 people)                                                                   A Share                                      A Shares                                            Shares
Total                                                                                                                                     13,916,000   –            –            –            13,916,000
                                                                                                                                            A Shares                                            A Shares




                                                                                                                                                                                                            41
     OTHER INFORMATION

     Notes:


     (1)      Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July 2024 in relation to the transfer of the underlying Shares for the first grant to
              the Stock Ownership Plan.


     (2)      Details of the unlocking period are as follows:


              •       Time of unlocking for the first batch shall be: the expiry of 12 months from the date of the announcement of the Company of the
                      transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be
                      unlocked shall be 40% of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


              •       Time of unlocking for the second batch shall be: the expiry of 24 months from the date of the announcement of the Company of the
                      transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be
                      unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


              •       Time of unlocking for the third batch shall be: the expiry of 36 months from the date of the announcement of the Company of the
                      transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be
                      unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


     (3)      The Stock Ownership Plan was adopted on 22 February 2024.


     (4)      According to the provisions of Accounting Standards for Enterprises No. 11 – Share-based Payment, the equity-settled share-based payments
              in consideration of services rendered by staff that can only be exercised upon the completion of services or attainment of required
              performance targets within the vesting period are recognized in relevant cost or expenses and the capital reserve in respect of services
              obtained for the period at the fair value on the date of grant of the equity instrument based on the best estimate of the volume of exercisable
              equity instruments at each balance sheet date during the vesting period. The fair value of the underlying Shares of the Stock Ownership Plan
              granted on the date of grant was approximately RMB349.93 million.




42
DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the following meanings:

“Articles of Association” or “Articles”    the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time

“Board”                                    the board of the Directors

“Company”                                  Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd., a joint stock limited company incorporated
                                           in the PRC with limited liability, whose shares are listed on the main board of the Hong
                                           Kong Stock Exchange and the main board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange

“Director(s)”                              the directors of the Company

“Hisense Air-Conditioning”                 Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited* (青島海信空調有限公司), a
                                           company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly controlled by
                                           Hisense Group, and holds approximately 37.25% of the issued shares of the Company as
                                           at the date of this report

“Hisense Finance”                          Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.* (海信集團財務有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                           with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group

“Hisense Group”                            Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.* (海信集團控股股份有限公司), a company incorporated
                                           in the PRC with limited liability

“Hisense Hitachi”                          Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. (青島海信日立空調系統有限
                                           公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the
                                           Company

“Hisense Hong Kong”                        Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with
                                           limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, and holds approximately 8.97% of
                                           the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report

“Hisense Visual”                           Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. (海信視像科技股份有限公司), a company
                                           incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, and
                                           whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“HASCO Sanden”                             Sanden HASCO Automotive Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.

“Intelligent Electronic”                   Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd* (青島海信智能電子科技有
                                           限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a wholly owned
                                           subsidiary of Hisense Visual

“Johnson Hitachi”                          Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.

“Reporting Period”                         the six months ended 30 June 2024

“RMB”                                      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Sanden company”                           Sanden Holdings Corporation

“Supervisor(s)”                            the supervisor(s) of the Company

“Supervisory Committee”                    the supervisory committee of the Company


* For identification purposes only


This report is published in both English and Chinese. If there is any inconsistency between the English and the Chinese versions,
the Chinese version shall prevail.




                                                                                                                                      43
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     I.    AUDITOR’S REPORT

           Whether the interim report has already been audited or not

           □ Yes √ No

     II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB




44
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

       Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

                                                              30 June 2024

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB
Item                                                                  Note      Closing balance     Opening balance

Current assets:
Cash at bank and on hand                                              V. (1)    5,219,471,325.15     4,939,273,198.62
Balances with clearing companies
Lending capital
Transactional financial assets                                        V. (2)   13,933,909,217.25    13,192,025,535.87
Derivative financial assets
Notes receivable                                                      V. (3)      568,011,867.25       741,622,573.50
Accounts receivable                                                   V. (4)   11,309,189,054.02     9,225,321,882.07
Receivables Financing                                                 V. (6)    7,803,580,984.75     4,643,427,583.77
Prepayment                                                            V. (8)      373,539,317.78       389,066,274.16
Insurance premium receivable
Receivables from reinsurers
Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
Other receivables                                                     V. (7)      153,261,651.26       145,804,125.45
   Including: Interest receivable
              Dividends receivable                                                                          89,630.21
Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
Inventories                                                           V. (9)    6,651,353,361.18     6,774,603,438.00
Of which: data resources
Contract assets                                                       V. (5)       35,587,091.49        35,878,308.82
Assets held for sale
Non-current assets due within one year                               V. (10)     2,932,812,972.23     3,641,708,361.11
Other current assets                                                 V. (11)       944,564,884.01     1,411,188,199.90
Total current assets                                                           49,925,281,726.37    45,139,919,481.27




                                                                                                                         45
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                            Unit: RMB
     Item                                              Note      Closing balance     Opening balance

     Non-current assets:
     Disbursement of loans and advances
     Investments in debt
     Other investments in debt
     Long-term receivables
     Long-term equity investments                     V. (12)    1,874,427,715.29     1,671,365,117.46
     Other equity investment                          V. (13)       42,241,420.23        40,244,766.96
     Other non-current financial assets               V. (14)       21,783,603.25        27,197,809.69
     Investment properties                            V. (15)      255,894,853.52       177,982,723.30
     Fixed assets                                     V. (16)    5,483,408,231.10     5,662,912,502.03
     Construction in progress                         V. (17)      475,282,487.05       443,523,694.21
     Productive biological assets
     Oil and gas assets
     Right-of-use assets                              V. (18)      185,583,126.58       169,378,820.87
     Intangible assets                                V. (19)    1,307,439,921.13     1,341,855,927.15
     Of which: data resources
     Development costs
     Of which: data resources
     Goodwill                                         V. (20)       226,408,877.76       226,408,877.76
     Long-term prepaid expenses                       V. (21)        38,208,337.25        40,734,232.78
     Deferred tax assets                              V. (22)     1,138,063,576.09     1,125,596,510.74
     Other non-current assets                         V. (23)     9,747,680,680.19     9,879,375,091.45
     Total non-current assets                                   20,796,422,829.44    20,806,576,074.40
     Total assets                                               70,721,704,555.81    65,946,495,555.67




46
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                          Unit: RMB
Item                                                 Note      Closing balance     Opening balance

Current liabilities:
Short-term borrowings                               V. (25)    2,308,121,777.48     2,502,318,314.58
Borrowings from central bank
Loans from other banks
Transactional financial liabilities                 V. (26)       29,957,785.68        54,355,584.93
Derivative financial liabilities
Notes payable                                       V. (27)   17,490,283,741.47    14,608,429,378.74
Accounts payable                                    V. (28)   12,240,835,365.94    12,049,877,232.20
Advances from customers                             V. (29)        3,170,588.32         3,833,256.75
Contractual liabilities                             V. (30)    1,330,234,950.50     1,440,254,499.57
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
   agreements to repurchase
Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
Customer brokerage deposits
Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
Employee remunerations payable                      V. (31)    1,095,355,676.00     1,373,816,151.59
Taxes payable                                       V. (32)      529,475,260.43       774,372,089.67
Other payables                                      V. (33)    6,253,733,970.04     4,670,674,014.20
   Including: Interest payable
               Dividends payable                               1,404,749,348.52        70,574,497.68
Handling fees and commission payable
Reinsured accounts payable
Liabilities held for sale
Non-current liabilities due within one year         V. (34)       114,887,076.33       121,677,937.29
Other current liabilities                           V. (35)     7,873,839,126.85     6,442,483,786.34
Total Current Liabilities                                     49,269,895,319.04    44,042,092,245.86




                                                                                                        47
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                     Note      Closing balance        Opening balance

     Non-current Liabilities:
     Reserves for reinsurance contract
     Long-term borrowings                                                   V. (36)        38,147,438.08           42,956,652.46
     Bonds payable
       Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Lease liabilities                                                      V. (37)       179,233,775.57          208,946,083.77
     Long-term payables
     Long-term employee remunerations payable                               V. (38)        104,309,750.48          105,961,766.83
     Provisions                                                             V. (39)      1,203,478,155.64        1,229,967,589.74
     Deferred income                                                        V. (40)        150,321,276.96          149,189,343.53
     Deferred tax liabilities                                               V. (22)        171,043,556.12          158,435,374.83
     Other non-current liabilities                                          V. (41)        592,628,428.95          612,887,372.01
     Total non-current liabilities                                                      2,439,162,381.80        2,508,344,183.17
     Total liabilities                                                                 51,709,057,700.84       46,550,436,429.03
     Shareholders’ equity:
     Share capital                                                          V. (42)     1,387,167,370.00        1,387,935,370.00
     Other equity instruments
       Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Capital reserve                                                        V. (43)     2,048,439,817.38        2,115,407,718.05
     Less: Treasury shares                                                  V. (44)       260,855,550.60          236,626,482.61
     Other comprehensive income                                             V. (45)       282,431,575.05          226,997,819.74
     Special reserves                                                       V. (46)        13,261,241.79            6,319,636.53
     Surplus reserves                                                       V. (47)       724,682,309.99          724,682,309.99
     General risk provisions
     Undistributed profits                                                  V. (48)      9,966,540,148.87        9,355,458,114.25
     Total equity attributable to owners of the parent                                 14,161,666,912.48       13,580,174,485.95
     Minority interests                                                                  4,850,979,942.49        5,815,884,640.69
     Total owners’ equity                                                              19,012,646,854.97       19,396,059,126.64
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                        70,721,704,555.81       65,946,495,555.67

     Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong        Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling   Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




48
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

2.     BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                           30 June 2024
                                                                                          Unit: RMB
Item                                               Note        Closing balance     Opening balance

Current assets:
Cash at bank and on hand                                          76,401,339.06        78,796,769.09
Transactional financial assets                                 1,242,595,827.73     1,326,115,505.29
Derivative financial assets
Notes receivable                                                                          749,731.29
Accounts receivable                               XVII. (1)      494,773,460.88       618,381,907.19
Receivables Financing                                             41,984,191.87        26,311,535.56
Prepayment                                                        26,399,708.54        21,670,721.68
Other receivables                                 XVII. (2)    2,116,292,728.10     1,255,850,852.04
   Including: Interest receivable
              Dividends receivable                             1,029,119,900.71        68,351,678.85
Inventories                                                        3,411,237.13         4,042,505.04
Of which: data resources
Contract assets
Assets held for sale
Non-current assets due within one year
Other current assets                                               90,227,643.75        97,352,470.53
Total current assets                                           4,092,086,137.06     3,429,271,997.71
Non-current assets:
Investments in debt
Other investments in debt
Long-term receivables                                          1,193,902,091.09     1,182,103,450.53
Long-term equity investments                      XVII. (3)    6,334,717,422.12     5,935,343,771.41
Other equity investment
Other non-current financial assets
Investment properties                                              2,091,120.00         2,091,120.00
Fixed assets                                                      32,598,189.74        32,456,914.98
Construction in progress                                           4,014,762.84           295,088.50
Productive biological assets
Oil and gas assets
Right-of-use assets
Intangible assets                                                159,741,908.82       160,458,676.30
Of which: data resources
Development costs
Of which: data resources
Goodwill
Long-term prepaid expenses                                           176,653.88           164,213.60
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets                                           2,113,084.00         2,453,747.08
Total non-current assets                                       7,729,355,232.49     7,315,366,982.40
Total assets                                                  11,821,441,369.55    10,744,638,980.11




                                                                                                        49
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     2.     BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY — Continued

                                                                                               Unit: RMB
     Item                                                  Note    Closing balance     Opening balance

     Current liabilities:
     Short-term borrowings
     Transactional financial liabilities
     Derivative financial liabilities
     Notes payable                                                    45,729,463.78        36,610,973.32
     Accounts payable                                                 47,437,075.10        42,353,376.00
     Advances from customers
     Contractual liabilities                                           1,058,578.69         3,175,690.52
     Employee remunerations payable                                   29,555,763.93        41,599,867.10
     Taxes payable                                                     4,568,470.01         2,592,997.56
     Other payables                                                2,049,912,345.01       800,818,012.63
        Including: Interest payable
                    Dividends payable                              1,404,749,348.52
     Liabilities held for sale
     Non-current liabilities due within one year
     Other current liabilities                                        199,630,453.13        93,285,809.09
     Total Current Liabilities                                     2,377,892,149.65     1,020,436,726.22
     Non-current Liabilities:
     Long-term borrowings
     Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Lease liabilities
     Long-term payables
     Long-term employee remunerations payable
     Provisions                                                      227,741,550.39       209,867,477.18
     Deferred income                                                  23,926,317.87        23,941,659.62
     Deferred tax liabilities
     Other non-current liabilities
     Total non-current liabilities                                   251,667,868.26       233,809,136.80
     Total liabilities                                             2,629,560,017.91     1,254,245,863.02
     Shareholders’ equity:
     Share capital                                                 1,387,167,370.00     1,387,935,370.00
     Other equity instruments
        Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Capital reserve                                               2,292,947,147.83     2,352,730,955.68
     Less: Treasury shares                                           260,855,550.60       236,626,482.61
     Other comprehensive income                                       -10,753,562.90        1,507,133.78
     Special reserves
     Surplus reserves                                                 694,073,685.00       694,073,685.00
     Undistributed profits                                          5,089,302,262.31     5,290,772,455.24
     Total owners’ equity                                          9,191,881,351.64     9,490,393,117.09
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                   11,821,441,369.55    10,744,638,980.11




50
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                               January to June 2024

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
Item                                                                       Note        First half of 2024    First half of 2023

I.   Total operating revenue                                                          48,641,673,374.79     42,943,975,619.38
     Including: Operating revenue                                         V. (49)      48,641,673,374.79     42,943,975,619.38
                 Interest income
                 Insurance premium earned
                 Income from handling fees and commission
II. Total operating costs                                                             46,206,400,614.00     40,473,806,340.24
     Including: Operating costs                                           V. (49)      38,291,675,401.05     33,698,115,348.34
                 Interest expenses
                 Handling fees and commission expenses
                 Refunded premiums
                 Net amount of compensation payout
                 Net amount of insurance reserves provided
                 Policyholder dividend expenses
                 Reinsurance premium expenses
                 Taxes and surcharges                                     V. (50)        216,873,476.03        298,912,983.78
                 Sales expenses                                           V. (51)      4,959,752,440.46      4,492,848,251.67
                 Management expenses                                      V. (52)      1,199,136,901.69      1,024,738,874.90
                 R&D expenses                                             V. (53)      1,643,979,097.19      1,244,057,032.04
                 Financial expenses                                       V. (54)       -105,016,702.42       -284,866,150.49
                    Including: Interest expense                                           69,061,921.52         75,243,787.91
                               Interest income                                            33,471,921.44         27,834,239.17
     Add: Other income                                                    V. (55)        318,536,900.93        197,948,250.99
            Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                     V. (56)        418,984,235.75        411,026,049.40
            Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                  193,121,101.07        186,177,825.35
                        Income from derecognition of financial assets
                           at amortised cost                                                 -470,289.12          5,915,437.05
            Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed with “-”)
            Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
            Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)    V. (57)         170,272,953.38       -195,729,875.25
            Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)         V. (58)           32,676,076.37        -24,090,206.27
            Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)         V. (59)          -17,846,374.49        -87,590,895.34
            Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)          V. (60)              857,010.80          5,350,381.51
III. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                                       3,358,753,563.53      2,777,082,984.18
     Add: Non-operating incomes                                           V. (61)         154,188,740.82        199,368,441.95
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                         V. (62)           13,592,692.61         17,782,900.83
IV. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                                       3,499,349,611.74      2,958,668,525.30
     Less: income tax expense                                             V. (63)         469,196,871.14        472,191,163.40




                                                                                                                                  51
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT — Continued

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                         Note      First half of 2024      First half of 2023

     V. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                          3,030,152,740.60         2,486,477,361.90
           (1) Classified on a going concern basis
               1. Net profit from continuing operations
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                             3,030,152,740.60        2,486,477,361.90
               2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)
           (2) Classified by ownership of equity
               1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                             2,015,831,383.14        1,497,562,724.59
               2. Profit and loss of minority interests
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                             1,014,321,357.46          988,914,637.31
     VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                            74,765,838.10           64,434,240.60
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to owners
             of the parent, net                                                                55,433,755.31           77,006,788.64
           (1) Other comprehensive income that would not be reclassified
                  to profit or loss                                                             1,199,128.63
                  1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                         benefit plan                                                            -207,776.74
                  2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                         transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                  3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                         investment                                                             1,406,905.37
                  4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                         risk
                  5. Others
           (2) Other comprehensive income that would be reclassified to
                  profit or loss                                                               54,234,626.68           77,006,788.64
                  1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                         gains and losses under the equity method                             -11,876,110.06            3,979,861.04
                  2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                  3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                         comprehensive income
                  4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
                  5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                  6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                         statements                                                            66,110,736.74           70,623,250.51
                  7. Others                                                                                             2,403,677.09
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to minority
             interests, net                                                                    19,332,082.79           -12,572,548.04
     VII. Total comprehensive income                                                       3,104,918,578.70         2,550,911,602.50
           Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders
             of the parent                                                                  2,071,265,138.45        1,574,569,513.23
           Total comprehensive income attributable to minority interests                    1,033,653,440.25          976,342,089.27
     VIII. Earnings per share:
           (1) Basic earnings per share                                                                  1.48                    1.09
           (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                                1.48                    1.09

     Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong            Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling   Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




52
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                              January to June 2024

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
Item                                                                         Note       First half of 2024   First half of 2023

I.   Total operating revenue                                                XVII. (4)   2,733,618,739.29     2,467,344,164.05
     Less: Operating costs                                                  XVII. (4)    2,493,103,269.71     2,212,016,706.60
           Taxes and surcharges                                                               4,671,401.49         4,467,390.75
           Sales expenses                                                                  285,825,293.75       135,674,471.35
           Management expenses                                                               64,523,241.39        60,345,812.34
           R&D expenses                                                                      94,988,639.31        81,843,816.11
           Financial expenses                                                               -32,445,193.89       -24,581,147.00
              Including: Interest expense
                          Interest income                                                  32,499,066.41        24,608,926.10
     Add: Other income                                                                        787,270.13         1,249,599.19
           Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                        XVII. (5)   1,369,551,760.69       932,401,189.48
              Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                  69,870,818.25        60,178,021.79
                          Income from derecognition of financial assets
                             at amortised cost (loss expressed with “-”)
           Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
           Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)                        5,187,754.84       16,111,777.06
           Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)                               404,071.20           -10,179.56
           Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)
           Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                                 10,631.77        2,637,980.94
II. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                                         1,198,893,576.16      949,967,481.01
     Add: Non-operating incomes                                                              4,295,902.62          354,313.99
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                                             -104,370.17        3,560,358.60
III. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                                       1,203,293,848.95      946,761,436.40
     Less: income tax expense                                                                   14,693.36        9,122,899.86
IV. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                           1,203,279,155.59      937,638,536.54
     (1) Net profit from continuing operations                                           1,203,279,155.59      937,638,536.54
           (net loss expressed with “-”)
     (2) Net profit from discontinued operations
           (net loss expressed with “-”)




                                                                                                                                  53
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY — Continued

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                       Note   First half of 2024   First half of 2023

     V. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                        -12,260,696.68        3,842,849.26
          (1) Other comprehensive income that would not be
                 reclassified to profit or loss
                 1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                        benefit plan
                 2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                        transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                 3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                        investment
                 4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own
                        credit risk
                 5. Others
          (2) Other comprehensive income that would be reclassified to                   -12,260,696.68         3,842,849.26
                 profit or loss
                 1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into                  -12,260,696.68         3,842,849.26
                        gains and losses under the equity method
                 2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                 3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                        comprehensive income
                 4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
                 5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                 6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                        statements
                 7. Others
     VI. Total comprehensive income                                                    1,191,018,458.91      941,481,385.80
     VII. Earnings per share:
          (1) Basic earnings per share
          (2) Diluted earnings per share




54
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                                                            January to June 2024

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
Item                                                                    Note        First half of 2024    First half of 2023

I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
    Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services                    36,322,660,974.82     33,166,752,231.76
    Net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits
    Net increase in borrowings from central bank
    Net increase in placements from other financial institutions
    Cash received from original insurance contracts
    Net cash received from reinsurance business
    Net increase in deposits and investments from policyholders
    Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
    Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
      institutions
    Net increase in repurchase business capital
    Net income from trading securities as broker
    Tax rebates received                                                             1,794,789,651.68      1,475,527,733.64
    Cash received relating to other operating activities               V. (65)         544,075,284.11        536,021,236.75
Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                                 38,661,525,910.61     35,178,301,202.15
    Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of labor
      services                                                                     25,269,666,368.17     20,872,912,298.79
    Net increase in loans and advances to customers
    Net increase in deposits with central bank and other banks
    Cash paid for compensation under original insurance contract
    Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
      institutions
    Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
    Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
    Cash paid to and for employees                                                   4,892,792,824.43      4,317,629,982.73
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                               1,934,102,203.66      2,033,053,942.34
    Cash paid relating to other operating activities                   V. (65)       4,464,991,031.88      4,142,660,808.95
Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                                 36,561,552,428.14     31,366,257,032.81
Net cash flows from operating activities                                            2,099,973,482.47      3,812,044,169.34
II. Cash flow from investing activities:
    Cash received from recovery of investments
    Cash received from investment income                                              288,755,704.85        290,829,445.10
    Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
      assets and other long-term assets                                                 2,802,246.65          7,987,778.76
    Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
      operation units
    Cash received relating to other investing activities               V. (65)      14,841,068,042.40      7,738,817,317.98
Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                                 15,132,625,993.90      8,037,634,541.84
    Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
      other long-term assets                                                          539,690,593.60        405,180,452.07
    Cash paid for investments                                                          98,000,000.00
    Net increase in pledged loans
    Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
      operation units
    Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                14,001,882,721.62     12,221,116,375.32
Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                                14,639,573,315.22     12,626,296,827.39
Net cash flows from investing activities                                              493,052,678.68      -4,588,662,285.55




                                                                                                                               55
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT — Continued

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                   Note      First half of 2024   First half of 2023

     III. Cash flows from financing activities:
          Cash received from capital contribution                                         5,000,000.00       178,181,393.06
            Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from minority
                          shareholders’ investment                                        5,000,000.00          9,379,313.06
          Cash received from borrowings                                                 325,347,689.44      1,832,161,656.52
          Cash received relating to other financing activities             V. (65)    1,604,632,245.40      1,718,059,288.47
     Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                              1,934,979,934.84      3,728,402,338.05
          Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                                         243,575,921.60        349,869,107.59
          Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of
            interest expenses                                                         1,341,811,290.57     1,134,825,701.83
            Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority shareholders
                          by subsidiaries                                              1,295,271,944.21     1,088,937,012.84
          Cash paid relating to other financing activities                             2,962,575,537.77     1,298,771,829.38
     Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                              4,547,962,749.94     2,783,466,638.80
     Net cash flows from financing activities                                        -2,612,982,815.10       944,935,699.25
     IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
            equivalents                                                               -107,467,612.38        -29,432,137.51
     V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     -127,424,266.33       138,885,445.53
          Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
                  the period                                                          2,877,140,400.54      2,478,346,075.40
     VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period               2,749,716,134.21      2,617,231,520.93




56
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

6.     CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                             January to June 2024

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB
Item                                                                       Note     First half of 2024   First half of 2023

I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
     Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services                    2,085,862,294.57        40,078,965.26
     Tax rebates received                                                                                      260,000.00
     Cash received relating to other operating activities                              220,287,181.46      286,049,782.28
Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                                  2,306,149,476.03      326,388,747.54
     Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt                              1,611,284,807.19       16,397,279.00
       of labor services
     Cash paid to and for employees                                                    178,755,166.94       152,988,728.67
     Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                                  3,918,702.32        24,008,217.83
     Cash paid relating to other operating activities                                  508,590,265.64       257,194,594.92
Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                                  2,302,548,942.09       450,588,820.42
Net cash flows from operating activities                                                 3,600,533.94     -124,200,072.88
II. Cash flow from investing activities:
     Cash received from recovery of investments
     Cash received from investment income                                             408,869,352.98     1,005,454,107.23
     Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible assets                      110.00         5,953,057.55
       and other long-term assets
     Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
       operation units
     Cash received relating to other investing activities                            1,040,712,508.35       216,786,562.10
Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                                  1,449,581,971.33     1,228,193,726.88
     Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and                   11,394,646.74         9,947,710.74
       other long-term assets
     Cash paid for investments                                                        302,821,117.29
     Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
       operation units
     Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                  955,000,000.00     1,140,000,000.00
Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                                 1,269,215,764.03     1,149,947,710.74
Net cash flows from investing activities                                              180,366,207.30        78,246,016.14
III. Cash flows from financing activities:
     Cash received from capital contribution                                                               168,802,080.00
     Cash received from borrowings
     Cash received relating to other financing activities                             156,019,707.00        71,778,400.00
Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                                   156,019,707.00       240,580,480.00
     Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
     Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of                      1,742,467.87
       interest expenses
     Cash paid relating to other financing activities                                  340,686,488.73      211,437,771.75
Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                                   342,428,956.60      211,437,771.75
Net cash flows from financing activities                                             -186,409,249.60       29,142,708.25
IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash                               47,078.33            9,705.01
       equivalents
V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           -2,395,430.03       -16,801,643.48
     Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning                        78,796,769.09         84,309,922.91
              of the period
VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                      76,401,339.06        67,508,279.43




                                                                                                                              57
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     7.                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

     Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                  First half of 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Attributable to the owners of the parent

                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                        Less:                   Other
                                                                      Share    Preference     Perpetual                             Capital          Treasury         comprehensive                 Special                   Surplus   General risk      Undistributed                                          Minority                Total
     Item                                                            capital      shares          debts            Others            reserve          shares                  income                reserves                 reserves    provisions              profits   Others            Subtotal            interests     owners’ equity


     I. Closing balance in previous year                    1,387,935,370.00                                                2,115,407,718.05   236,626,482.61         226,997,819.74           6,319,636.53            724,682,309.99                  9,355,458,114.25             13,580,174,485.95    5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64
        Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Others
     II. Opening balance for the year                       1,387,935,370.00                                                2,115,407,718.05   236,626,482.61         226,997,819.74           6,319,636.53            724,682,309.99                  9,355,458,114.25             13,580,174,485.95    5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64
     III. Movements in the current period                        -768,000.00                                                  -66,967,900.67    24,229,067.99           55,433,755.31          6,941,605.26                                             611,082,034.62                581,492,426.53      -964,904,698.20     -383,412,271.67
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)
        (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                  55,433,755.31                                                                  2,015,831,383.14              2,071,265,138.45    1,033,653,440.25    3,104,918,578.70
        (2) Owners’ contributions and capital                    -768,000.00                                                  -78,608,976.83    24,229,067.99                                                                                                                         -103,606,044.82     -809,555,312.98     -913,161,357.80
               reductions
             1. Ordinary shares contributed                      -768,000.00                                                                                                                                                                                                              -768,000.00     -833,229,998.27     -833,997,998.27
                   by owners
             2. Capital contributions by holders of
                   other equity instruments
             3. Amount of share-based payment                                                                                 109,930,823.04                                                                                                                                           109,930,823.04       23,674,685.29      133,605,508.33
                   included in shareholders’ equity
             4. Others                                                                                                       -188,539,799.87    24,229,067.99                                                                                                                         -212,768,867.86                         -212,768,867.86
        (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -1,404,749,348.52             -1,404,749,348.52   -1,192,969,625.50   -2,597,718,974.02
             1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
             2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
             3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                  -1,404,749,348.52             -1,404,749,348.52   -1,192,969,625.50   -2,597,718,974.02
             4. Others
        (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
             1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from capital reserve
             2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from surplus reserve
             3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
             4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                   plan carried forward to retained
                   earnings
             5. Other comprehensive income carried
                   forward to retained earnings
             6. Others
        (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                                    6,941,605.26                                                                             6,941,605.26          929,541.76        7,871,147.02
             1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                                     42,433,643.82                                                                            42,433,643.82        7,852,579.72       50,286,223.54
             2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                                         35,492,038.56                                                                            35,492,038.56        6,923,037.96       42,415,076.52
        (6) Others                                                                                                             11,641,076.16                                                                                                                                            11,641,076.16        3,037,258.27       14,678,334.43
     IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,387,167,370.00                                                2,048,439,817.38   260,855,550.60         282,431,575.05          13,261,241.79            724,682,309.99                  9,966,540,148.87             14,161,666,912.48    4,850,979,942.49 19,012,646,854.97




58
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

7.                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY — Continued

Amount for previous year

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                  First half of 2023
                                                                                                                                                             Attributable to the owners of the parent

                                                                                       Other equity instruments                                     Less:                Other
                                                                 Share    Preference         Perpetual                              Capital     Treasury       comprehensive                  Special                  Surplus    General risk      Undistributed                                          Minority                 Total
Item                                                            capital      shares              debts            Others            reserve       shares               income                reserves                  reserves     provisions             profits   Others            Subtotal            interests      owners’ equity


I. Closing balance in previous year                    1,362,725,370.00                                                    2,074,168,605.49                    121,267,445.50                                 711,971,309.99                     7,248,124,550.56             11,518,257,281.54    4,760,507,749.70    16,278,765,031.24
   Add: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                                                                 116,160.71                    116,160.71          201,413.96           317,574.67
          Correction for error in previous period
          Others
II. Opening balance for the year                       1,362,725,370.00                                                    2,074,168,605.49                    121,267,445.50                                 711,971,309.99                     7,248,240,711.27             11,518,373,442.25    4,760,709,163.66    16,279,082,605.91
III. Movements in the current period                     25,210,000.00                                                       41,239,112.56 236,626,482.61 105,730,374.24                6,319,636.53            12,711,000.00                    2,107,217,402.98              2,061,801,043.70    1,055,175,477.03     3,116,976,520.73
       (Decreases expressed with “–”)
   (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                              105,730,374.24                                                                    2,837,322,754.58              2,943,053,128.82    1,956,337,825.00     4,899,390,953.82
   (2) Owners’ contributions and capital                  25,210,000.00                                                      174,425,236.57 236,626,482.61                                                                                                                        -36,991,246.04      95,452,420.55        58,461,174.51
          reductions
        1. Ordinary shares contributed                    25,210,000.00                                                      142,284,040.00                                                                                                                                      167,494,040.00       59,340,725.62       226,834,765.62
              by owners
        2. Capital contributions by holders of
              other equity instruments
        3. Amount of share-based payment                                                                                     156,045,669.25                                                                                                                                      156,045,669.25       35,789,603.15       191,835,272.40
              included in shareholders’ equity
        4. Others                                                                                                           -123,904,472.68 236,626,482.61                                                                                                                      -360,530,955.29          322,091.78      -360,208,863.51
   (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                      12,711,000.00                     -730,105,351.60               -717,394,351.60     -997,671,098.94     -1,715,065,450.54
        1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                                    12,711,000.00                      -12,711,000.00
        2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
        3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                  -717,394,351.60               -717,394,351.60     -997,671,098.94     -1,715,065,450.54
        4. Others
   (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
        1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
              from capital reserve
        2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
              from surplus reserve
        3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
        4. Changing amount of defined benefit
              plan carried forward to retained
              earnings
        5. Other comprehensive income carried
              forward to retained earnings
        6. Others
   (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                                  6,319,636.53                                                                              6,319,636.53          441,815.25         6,761,451.78
        1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                                   69,325,350.93                                                                             69,325,350.93        2,819,063.66        72,144,414.59
        2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                                       63,005,714.40                                                                             63,005,714.40        2,377,248.41        65,382,962.81
   (6) Others                                                                                                               -133,186,124.01                                                                                                                                     -133,186,124.01          614,515.17      -132,571,608.84
IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,387,935,370.00                                                    2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74               6,319,636.53          724,682,309.99                     9,355,458,114.25             13,580,174,485.95    5,815,884,640.69    19,396,059,126.64




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            59
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     8.                STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

     Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                      First half of 2024
                                                                                                    Other equity instruments                                          Less:              Other                                                                          Total
                                                                             Share     Preference            Perpetual                           Capital          Treasury       comprehensive       Special         Surplus      Undistributed                       owners’
     Item                                                                   capital        shares                debts         Others            reserve            shares             income       reserves        reserves              profits   Others             equity


     I. Closing balance in previous year                          1,387,935,370.00                                                      2,352,730,955.68    236,626,482.61          1,507,133.78               694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24               9,490,393,117.09
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction for error in previous period
                 Others
     II. Opening balance for the year                             1,387,935,370.00                                                      2,352,730,955.68    236,626,482.61          1,507,133.78               694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24               9,490,393,117.09
     III. Movements in the current period                              -768,000.00                                                         -59,783,807.85    24,229,067.99        -12,260,696.68                               -201,470,192.93                -298,511,765.45
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)
          (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                           -12,260,696.68                               1,203,279,155.59             1,191,018,458.91
          (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reductions              -768,000.00                                                        -59,410,865.71    24,229,067.99                                                                                      -84,407,933.70
              1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                  -768,000.00                                                                                                                                                                                -768,000.00
              2. Capital contributions by holders of other equity
                    instruments
              3. Amount of share-based payment included                                                                                   133,605,508.33                                                                                                       133,605,508.33
                    in shareholders’ equity
             4. Others                                                                                                                   -193,016,374.04     24,229,067.99                                                                                     -217,245,442.03
         (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                               -1,404,749,348.52             -1,404,749,348.52
             1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
             2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                          -1,404,749,348.52             -1,404,749,348.52
             3. Others
         (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
             1. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from capital
                    reserve
             2. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from surplus
                    reserve
             3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
             4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                    carried forward to retained earnings
             5. Other comprehensive income carried forward to
                    retained earnings
             6. Others
         (5) Special reserves
             1. Provided during the period
             2. Used during the period
         (6) Others                                                                                                                           -372,942.14                                                                                                          -372,942.14
     IV. Closing balance for the period                             1,387,167,370.00                                                    2,292,947,147.83    260,855,550.60        -10,753,562.90               694,073,685.00 5,089,302,262.31               9,191,881,351.64




60
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

8.                STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY — Continued

Amount for previous year

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                   First half of 2023
                                                                                                 Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                   Less:              Other                                                                           Total
                                                                          Share     Preference            Perpetual                           Capital          Treasury       comprehensive       Special          Surplus      Undistributed                       owners’
Item                                                                     capital        shares                debts         Others            reserve            shares             income       reserves         reserves              profits   Others             equity


I. Closing balance in previous year                             1,362,725,370.00                                                     2,276,770,725.22                            -1,699,624.23              681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95                9,305,394,596.94
     Add: Changes in accounting policies
            Correction for error in previous period
            Others
II. Opening balance for the year                                1,362,725,370.00                                                     2,276,770,725.22                            -1,699,624.23              681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95                9,305,394,596.94
III. Movements in the current period                               25,210,000.00                                                        75,960,230.46    236,626,482.61           3,206,758.01               12,711,000.00 304,537,014.29                    184,998,520.15
       (Decreases expressed with “–”)
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                               3,206,758.01                               1,034,642,365.89              1,037,849,123.90
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reductions               25,210,000.00                                                      210,540,696.27    236,626,482.61                                                                                         -875,786.34
         1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                   25,210,000.00                                                      142,284,040.00                                                                                                        167,494,040.00
         2. Capital contributions by holders of other equity
                instruments
         3. Amount of share-based payment included in                                                                                  191,835,272.39                                                                                                        191,835,272.39
                shareholders’ equity
         4. Others                                                                                                                    -123,578,616.12    236,626,482.61                                                                                     -360,205,098.73
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                 12,711,000.00    -730,105,351.60               -717,394,351.60
         1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                                12,711,000.00      -12,711,000.00
         2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                             -717,394,351.60               -717,394,351.60
         3. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
         1. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from capital
                reserve
         2. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from surplus
                reserve
         3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
         4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                carried forward to retained earnings
         5. Other comprehensive income carried forward to
                retained earnings
         6. Others
     (5) Special reserves
         1. Provided during the period
         2. Used during the period
     (6) Others                                                                                                                        -134,580,465.81                                                                                                       -134,580,465.81
IV. Closing balance for the period                              1,387,935,370.00                                                     2,352,730,955.68    236,626,482.61          1,507,133.78               694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24                9,490,393,117.09




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               61
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024
     (Unless otherwise stated, all amounts are denominated in Renminbi)


     I.     COMPANY PROFILE

            Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when including
            subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River Factory (廣東順德珠江冰箱廠), was established in 1984, with
            its place of registration and head office address at No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City,
            Guangdong Province. The Company’s 459,589,808 overseas listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock
            Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 23 July 1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic
            shares (the “A Shares”), which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

            In accordance with the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (2017) issued by the National Bureau of
            Statistics, the Company belongs to “C3851 Manufacturer of household refrigeration appliances”, which is principally
            engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and service business of HVAC, refrigerators,
            freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive integrated thermal
            management systems and other products, and provides the full-scenario smart home solutions. The main products include
            HVAC, refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive
            integrated thermal management systems, etc.

            The financial statements were approved for publication by the Board of the Company on 30 August 2024.

     II.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            1.     Basis of preparation

                   The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on actual transactions and events according to the
                   “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” and its application guidelines, interpretations and other relevant
                   regulations (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”) issued by
                   the Ministry of Finance, the “Preparation Rules for Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the
                   Public No. 15 – General Provisions on Financial Reports” (Revised in 2023) and relevant provisions issued by the China
                   Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”), as well as the relevant disclosure provisions required by the “Companies
                   Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

            2.     Going-concern

                   The Group has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months as of 30 June 2024, and has
                   found no events or circumstances that cast significant doubt on its ability to continue as a going concern. The
                   financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.

     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

            Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates: The accounting policies and accounting estimates developed by
            the Group according to characteristics of actual production and operation include bad debts provision for receivables,
            provision for decline in value of inventories, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, conditions for
            capitalizing R&D expenses, recognition and measurement of incomes, etc.

            1.     Declaration on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

                   These financial statements give a true, accurate and complete view of the financial position as at 30 June 2024,
                   operation results, cash flows and other information for the six months ended 30 June 2024 of the Company and the
                   Group in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

            2.     Accounting period

                   The Group adopts the calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting period.




62
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       3.    Business cycle

             The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification between assets and
             liabilities.

       4.    Functional currency

             The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their reporting currencies. The overseas subsidiaries of the
             Group shall determine their respective reporting currencies depending on the primary economic environment where
             they operate. The Group converts other currencies into RMB in preparing the financial statements according to the
             methods described in Section III. 10.

       5.    Method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria

             The Group follows the principle of materiality in the preparation and disclosure of its financial statements. The matters
             disclosed in the notes to the financial statements that involve judgements about materiality criteria and the method
             for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria are set out as follows:

                                                           Disclosure sections of
             Disclosures involving judgements about        matters in the notes to      Method for determination and basis for
             materiality criteria                          the financial statements     selection of materiality criteria

             Accounts receivable/other receivables         V.(4).3;                     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the
              with significant amount of bad debt          V.(7).7.2.4                    net assets attributable to shareholders of
              provision recovered or reversed during                                      the listed company
              the Year

             Write-off of significant accounts             V.(4).4;                     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the
              receivable/other receivables during          V.(7).7.2.5                    net assets attributable to shareholders of
              the Year                                                                    the listed company

             Significant accounts payable/contract         V.(28);                      Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the
               liabilities/other payables with an          V. (30).2;                     net assets attributable to shareholders of
               ageing of over one year or overdue          V.(33).33.2.2                  the listed company

             Important overseas business entities          V.(66).2                     Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                                                                                          and with their net assets accounting for
                                                                                          over 0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                                          assets

             Main components of the enterprise group       VIII.(1).1                   Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                                                                                          and with their net assets accounting for
                                                                                          over 0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                                          assets

             Important non-wholly-owned subsidiaries       VIII.(1).2                   Subsidiaries with their net assets accounting
                                                                                          for over 15% of the Group’s consolidated
                                                                                          net assets




                                                                                                                                         63
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            6.    Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under and not under common control

                  (1)    Business combinations involving entities under common control

                         A business combination under common control means that the entities involved in the combination are under
                         the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the combination and that such control is not
                         temporary.

                         The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination under
                         common control are measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged party in the
                         consolidated statements of the ultimate controller. The difference between the carrying amount of net assets
                         obtained and the carrying amount of the combination consideration paid (or the total par value of the issued
                         shares) shall be adjusted in capital reserve; if the capital reserve is not sufficient for offsetting, the retained
                         earnings shall be adjusted.

                  (2)    Business combinations involving entities not under common control

                         A business combination not under common control means that the parties involved in the combination are
                         not under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the combination.

                         The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained by the Group as an acquirer in
                         a business combination not under common control shall be measured at fair value on the acquisition date.
                         Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable
                         net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill; where the cost of combination is less than the acquirer’s
                         share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the fair values of all the identifiable assets,
                         liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained in the business combination and the cost of combination shall
                         be firstly reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination is still less than the acquirer’s share of the fair
                         value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the business combination, the difference shall be included in
                         the consolidated non-operating revenue for the period.

            7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements

                  The consolidation scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is determined based on control,
                  including the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company (including the divisible parts of enterprises
                  and investees, as well as structured entities controlled by enterprises). The standard for judging control by the Group
                  is that the Group has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns through participating in related activities of
                  the investee, and is able to use the power over the investee to influence its return amount.

                  When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy or the accounting period
                  that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to the financial
                  statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policy or accounting period of the Company.

                  The impact of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries on the
                  consolidated financial statements shall be offset at the time of consolidation. Proportion of shareholder’s equity
                  of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of profit or loss for current period, other
                  comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which belong to the equity of minority shareholders shall
                  be listed under “equity of minority shareholders, gain or loss attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive
                  income attributable to minority shareholders and total comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders”
                  in the consolidated financial statements.

                  For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results and cash flows
                  of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the beginning of the period
                  of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to the
                  related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding as the reporting subject which was formed after
                  combination has existed since the ultimate controller started control.



64
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements — Continued

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results and cash
             flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained its control. When preparing
             consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial statements of the subsidiaries using the
             fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of
             acquisition.

       8.    Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

             Joint arrangements of the Group include joint operation and joint venture. Joint operation refers to a joint
             arrangement in which the joint venturers enjoy the assets and assume the liabilities associated with the arrangement.
             Joint venture refers to a joint arrangement in which the joint venturers only have rights to the net assets of the
             arrangement.

             As for joint operation projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises assets and
             liabilities that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds or assume in proportion, and
             related income and fees will be recognized according to the related agreed individual or in proportion assets and
             liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or sold under joint operation that do not constitute business,
             only the profit or loss incurred from that transaction attributable to the other parties under the joint operation is
             recognized.

       9.    Cash and cash equivalents

             Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank available for
             payment at any time. Cash equivalents in the cash flow statement represent investments which are held for less than
             three months, highly liquid and are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and subject to an insignificant risk
             of value change.

       10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

             (1)    Foreign currency transactions

                     When foreign currency transactions of the Group are initially recognised, the amount in foreign currency shall
                     be translated into the reporting currency at the approximate exchange rate of the spot exchange rate on the
                     date when the transactions take place. As at the balance sheet date, foreign currency monetary items are
                     translated into the reporting currency using the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation
                     differences arising thereon are directly included in the profit or loss for the period, except that exchange
                     differences arising from specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the construction or production
                     of a qualifying asset for capitalisation are dealt with based on the capitalisation principle. Foreign currency
                     non-monetary items measured at historical cost are still translated using the spot exchange rate on the
                     transaction date, without changing their reporting currency amount. Foreign currency non-monetary items
                     measured at fair value are translated using the spot exchange rate on the date of fair value determination.
                     The difference between the translated amount in reporting currency and the original amount in reporting
                     currency is treated as changes in fair value (including exchange rate changes) and included in the profit
                     or loss for current period. The capital from investors in foreign currency is translated using the spot exchange
                     rate on the transaction date, and there is no foreign currency capital translation difference between the
                     foreign currency investment and the reporting currency amount of corresponding monetary item.




                                                                                                                                             65
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency — Continued

                  (2)    Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                         When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group translates the financial statements on
                         overseas operations into RMB, in which, asset and liability items in the balance sheet denominated in foreign
                         currency are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on the balance sheet date; the owners’ equity
                         items, except for the “undistributed profits”, are translated at the spot exchange rate when a business
                         takes place; income and expense items in the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate
                         or approximate exchange rate on the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences
                         arising from the above translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented in other
                         comprehensive income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot
                         exchange rate or approximate exchange rate on the date when the cash flow occurs. Effects on cash arising
                         from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash flow statement.

            11.   Financial instruments

                  (1)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                         The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the contractual
                         provisions of a financial instrument.

                         A financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets) shall be
                         derecognised, i.e., be written off from its accounts and balance sheet, if the following conditions are satisfied:
                         1) the right to collect cash flows from the financial asset expires; 2) the Group has transferred the right to
                         collect cash flows from the financial asset, or assumed the obligation under a “transfer agreement” to timely
                         pay the collected cash flows to a third party in full; and the Group has substantially transferred almost all the
                         risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset, or relinquished control over such financial asset even
                         though it has neither substantially transferred nor retained almost all the risks and rewards on ownership of the
                         financial asset.

                         If the obligation for financial liabilities has been fulfilled, revoked or expired, the financial liabilities shall
                         be derecognised. If the existing financial liability is replaced by another financial liability with substantially
                         different terms by the same creditor, or if the terms of the existing liability are substantially modified, such
                         replacement or modification shall be treated as derecognition of original liability and recognition of new
                         liability, and the difference shall be included in the profit or loss for current period.

                         The financial assets acquired or sold in a conventional manner shall be recognised and derecognised
                         according to the accounting on the transaction date.

                  (2)    Classification and measurement of financial assets

                         At the time of initial recognition, the Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at amortised cost,
                         financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value through
                         profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                         characteristics of the financial assets. All affected related financial assets will be reclassified only when the
                         Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.

                         When judging the business model, the Group considers the methods of enterprise evaluation and reporting
                         financial asset performance to key management personnel, the risks affecting financial asset performance
                         and their management methods, as well as the compensation obtainment methods of relevant business
                         management personnel. When evaluating whether to target the collection of contractual cash flows, the
                         Group needs to analyse and judge the reason, time, frequency and value of the sale of financial assets
                         before their maturity date.




66
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets — Continued

                    When judging the characteristics of contractual cash flow, the Group needs to determine whether the
                    contractual cash flow is only for the payment of principal and interest based on unpaid principal. When
                    evaluating the correction of the time value of money, it is necessary to determine whether there is a significant
                    difference compared to the benchmark cash flow. For financial assets with prepayment characteristics, it is
                    necessary to determine whether the fair value of prepayment characteristics is very low.

                    Financial assets are measured at fair value upon initial recognition, but if the accounts receivable or
                    notes receivable arising from the sale of goods or provision of services do not include significant financing
                    components or do not consider financing components for a period not exceeding one year, they are initially
                    measured at the transaction price.

                    As for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are directly included in
                    profit or loss for the period; as for other kinds of financial assets, relevant transaction costs are included in their
                    initial recognition amount.

                    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification:

                   1)      Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as financial assets
                            measured at amortised cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a business model whose
                            objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; ② the contractual terms of the financial
                            assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
                            principal amount outstanding. The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: currency
                            funds, accounts receivable, notes receivable, other receivables, etc.

                   2)      Investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as financial assets at
                            fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets are managed within a business
                            model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                            assets; ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are
                            solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The interest income
                            on such financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. Except for interest income,
                            impairment losses and exchange differences, other changes in fair value are recognised in other
                            comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or losses
                            previously included in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included in the
                            profit or loss for the period. The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: receivables
                            financing.

                   3)      Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                            The Group irrevocably designates part of the investments in equity instruments not held for trading
                            as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Such designation cannot
                            be revoked once made. The Group only recognises relevant dividend income (except for dividend
                            income that is clearly recovered as part of the investment cost) in profit or loss for the period, and
                            subsequent changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive income without making
                            the provision for impairment. Upon derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or
                            losses previously included in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included
                            in retained earnings. The Group’s financial assets in this category are investments in other equity
                            instruments.



                                                                                                                                              67
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (2)    Classification and measurement of financial assets — Continued

                         4)      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                 Other than the above financial assets classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost and
                                 those classified or designated as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                 the Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the
                                 period. Such financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value
                                 included in profit or loss for the period except for those related to hedge accounting. The Group’s
                                 financial assets in this category mainly include: financial assets held for trading.

                  (3)    Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                         Except for the signed financial guarantee contracts, the loan commitments at a rate lower than the market
                         interest rate, and financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which the transfer does not meet the
                         conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the transferred financial assets, the Group classifies
                         its financial liabilities as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured
                         at amortised cost at the time of initial recognition. As for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                         loss, relevant transaction costs are directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for financial liabilities
                         measured at amortised cost, relevant transaction costs are included in their initial recognition amount.

                         The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification:

                         1)      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised using the effective interest method and
                                 subsequently measured at amortised cost.

                         2)      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                                 Financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are financial liabilities) at fair value through
                                 profit or loss include held-for-trading financial liabilities and financial liabilities designated as measured
                                 at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition. Held-for-trading financial liabilities (includes
                                 derivative instruments that are financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, with
                                 all changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the period (except for those related to hedge
                                 accounting). Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss are
                                 subsequently measured at fair value, with other changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the
                                 period, except that the changes in fair value arising from changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                                 recognised in other comprehensive income. If fair value changes caused by changes in the Group’s
                                 own credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income, which would result in or amplify an
                                 accounting mismatch in profit or loss, the Group will recognise all fair value changes (including the
                                 amount affected by changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss for current period.

                  (4)    Impairment of financial instruments

                         Based on expected credit losses, the Group conducts impairment treatment and recognises loss provisions
                         for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured at fair value with changes
                         recognised in other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease receivables, loan commitments, and
                         financial guarantee contracts.




68
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                    Expected credit loss refers to the weighted average of credit losses of financial instruments weighted by the
                    risk of default. Credit loss refers to the present value of all cash shortages, which is the difference between
                    all contractual cash flows receivable under the contract and all expected cash flows received, discounted
                    at the original effective interest rate by the Group. When considering the method of measuring expected
                    credit losses, the Group reflects the following elements: ① an unbiased probability weighted average amount
                    determined by evaluating a series of possible outcomes; ② the time value of money; and ③ reasonable and
                    evidence-based information about past events, current conditions, and future economic conditions that can
                    be obtained without incurring unnecessary additional costs on the balance sheet date.

                    The Group evaluates the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on individual and combination.
                    When evaluating on a combination basis, the Group divides financial instruments into different groups
                    based on common credit risk characteristics. The common credit risk characteristics adopted by the Group
                    include: financial instrument type, credit risk rating, debtor’s geographical location, debtor’s industry, overdue
                    information, ageing of accounts receivable, etc.

                    The Group’s evaluation of impairment of financial instruments and contract assets using the expected credit
                    loss model requires significant judgment and estimate, taking into account all reasonable and evidence-
                    based information, including forward-looking information. When making these judgments and estimates,
                    the Group infers expected changes in the debtor’s credit risk based on historical repayment data combined
                    with economic policies, macroeconomic indicators, industry risks, and other factors. Different estimates may
                    affect the provision for impairment, and the accrued provision for impairment may not be equal to the actual
                    amount of future impairment losses.

                   1)      Impairment testing method for accounts receivable and contract assets

                           For accounts receivable, notes receivable, receivables financing, contract assets and other
                           receivables that do not contain significant financing components arising from ordinary business
                           activities, such as sales of goods and provision of services, the Group adopts a simplified
                           measurement methodology to measure the loss provision based on the amount of expected credit
                           losses equivalent to the entire duration of the life.

                           The Group recognises accounts receivable that face special risks as accounts receivable with
                           significant individual amounts. The Group conducts separate impairment tests on accounts receivable
                           with significant individual amounts.

                           For accounts receivable, except for those with significant individual amounts and credit impairment
                           that have occurred, their credit losses are usually determined based on a combination of common
                           credit risk characteristics, taking into account the elements that should be reflected in the expected
                           credit loss measurement method, and referring to historical credit loss experience, a comparison table
                           of overdue days of accounts receivable, accounts receivable aging, and default loss rate is prepared,
                           and based on this, the expected credit losses are calculated. If a customer’s credit risk characteristics
                           are significantly different from those of other customers in the portfolio, or if the customer’s credit risk
                           characteristics undergo significant changes, such as severe financial difficulties, and the expected
                           credit loss rate of accounts receivable from the customer is significantly higher than its expected credit
                           loss rate in the aging and overdue range, the Group shall make a provision for losses on a single item
                           basis for accounts receivable from the customer.




                                                                                                                                          69
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (4)    Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                         1)     Impairment testing method for accounts receivable and contract assets — Continued

                                ①      Combination categories and determination basis of accounts receivable and contract assets

                                       Based on information such as the ageing of accounts receivable and contract assets,
                                       overdue ageing, nature of accounts, credit risk exposure, and historical collection status,
                                       the Group classifies them as follows according to the similarity and correlation of credit risk
                                       characteristics:

                                       Item                                    Basis for determination of groups

                                       Ageing analysis method                  This group uses the ageing of receivables as the credit
                                                                               risk characteristics

                                       Receivables from related parties        This group is based on receivables from related parties

                                       Other account payments                  This group is based on accounts receivable from special
                                                                               business

                                ②      Combination categories and determination basis of notes receivable

                                       Based on the common risk characteristics of the acceptor credit risk of notes receivable, the
                                       Group classifies them into different combinations and determines the accounting estimate
                                       policy for expected credit losses as follows:

                                       Item                                    Basis for determination of groups

                                       Bank acceptance notes                   Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk. The Group
                                                                               identifies these receivables as having a low credit risk
                                                                               and does not recognise their expected credit losses

                                       Commercial acceptance notes             Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as
                                                                               accounts receivable)

                         2)     Impairment testing methods for debt investments, other debt investments, loan commitments, and
                                financial guarantee contracts

                                Except for financial assets that adopt simplified measurement methods as mentioned above, the
                                Group adopts the general method (three-stage method) to calculate expected credit losses. On
                                each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether its credit risk has significantly increased
                                since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition and
                                is in the first stage, the Group measures the provision for losses based on an amount equivalent to
                                the expected credit loss for the next 12 months, and calculates interest income based on the book
                                balance and actual interest rate. If credit risk has significantly increased since initial recognition but
                                credit impairment has not yet occurred, in the second stage, the Group measures loss provisions at an
                                amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the entire existence period, and calculates interest
                                income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit impairment occurs after initial
                                recognition, in the third stage, the Group measures the provision for losses at an amount equivalent
                                to the expected credit loss for the entire existence period, and calculates interest income at amortized
                                cost and actual interest rate. For financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date,
                                the Group assumes that their credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition.




70
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                   2)      Impairment testing methods for debt investments, other debt investments, loan commitments, and
                           financial guarantee contracts — Continued

                           The expected credit loss for the entire expected lifespan of a financial instrument refers to the
                           expected credit loss caused by all possible default events that may occur throughout the expected
                           lifespan of the financial instrument. The expected credit loss within the next 12 months refers to the
                           expected credit loss that may occur due to a default event of a financial instrument within the next
                           12 months after the balance sheet date (if the expected maturity of the financial instrument is less
                           than 12 months, then the expected maturity), which is a part of the expected credit loss for the entire
                           maturity period.

                           Please refer to Note X.(1) for the disclosure of the criteria for significantly increasing credit risk and the
                           definition of credit impairment assets that have occurred in the Group.

             (5)   Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                    For financial asset transfer transactions, if the Group has transferred almost all the risks and rewards of
                    ownership of the financial asset to the transferee, the recognition of the financial asset shall be terminated. If
                    almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets are retained, the recognition of such
                    financial assets shall not be terminated; If almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial
                    assets have not been transferred or retained, and control over the financial asset has been relinquished, the
                    recognition of the financial asset and the recognition of the resulting assets and liabilities shall be terminated.
                    If control over the financial asset has not been relinquished, relevant financial asset shall be recognised based
                    on its continued involvement in the transferred financial assets, with corresponding liabilities recognised.

                    If the whole transfer of the financial asset meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference between
                    the carrying amount of the transferred financial asset at the date of derecognition and the sum of the
                    consideration received for the transfer and the accumulative amount of fair value changes originally
                    recorded into other comprehensive income which is relevant to the portion of derecognition (The transferred
                    financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are managed within
                    a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                    assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are
                    solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.) is included in the profit or loss
                    for the period.

                    If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the entire carrying amount
                    of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which is derecognised and the portion which is
                    not, apportioned according to their respective relative fair value, and the difference between the sum of
                    the consideration received from the transfer and the accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value
                    originally included in other comprehensive income which shall be apportioned to the derecognised portion
                    (The transferred financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are
                    managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows
                    and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to
                    cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.), and the
                    apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets are included in the profit or loss for the period.

                    For those who continue to be involved by providing financial guarantees for the transferred financial assets,
                    the assets formed by further involvement shall be recognised based on the lower of the book value of the
                    financial assets and the amount of financial guarantees. The financial guarantee amount refers to the highest
                    amount of consideration received that will be required to be repaid.




                                                                                                                                            71
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (6)    Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                         The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles: (1) Where the
                         Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial asset to fulfil a contractual
                         obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a financial liability. Although some financial
                         instruments do not explicitly include the terms and conditions imposing the contractual obligation to deliver
                         cash or another financial asset, they may indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms
                         and conditions. (2) Where a financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument,
                         consideration shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the instrument is
                         a substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
                         all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the issuer’s financial liability; in the latter case,
                         the instrument shall be the equity instrument of the issuer. Under certain circumstances whereby a financial
                         instrument contract stipulates that the Group will or may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial
                         instrument, and the amount of the contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity
                         instruments to be received or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract
                         shall be classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual right or
                         obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable other than the market
                         price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate, a commodity price or a financial
                         instrument price).

                         When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial statements, the
                         Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the Group and the holders of
                         the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation in respect of the instrument to settle it by
                         delivering cash or another financial asset or in such a way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument
                         shall be classified as a financial liability.

                  (7)    Derivative financial instruments

                         The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, commodity
                         forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, to hedge exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, and interest
                         rate risk, respectively. Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value on the date of
                         signing the derivative transaction contract, and subsequently measured at their fair value. Derivative financial
                         instruments with a positive fair value are recognised as an asset, while those with a negative fair value are
                         recognised as a liability.

                         Except for those related to hedge accounting, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivative
                         instruments are directly included in the profit or loss for current period.

                  (8)    Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                         Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the balance sheet and
                         shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met, a financial asset and a financial
                         liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in the balance sheet: ① the Group has a legal right
                         that is currently enforceable to set off the recognised amount, and ② the Group intends either to settle on a
                         net basis, or to realise the financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




72
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       12.   Inventories

             The Group’s inventories mainly include raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, etc.

             Inventories are initially measured at cost. Inventory costs include purchase costs, processing costs and other costs.
             The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Actual cost is calculated using weighted average method when
             the inventories are received or delivered. Low-value consumables and packaged goods are amortised using one-
             time resale method.

             Inventories are measured at the lower of their cost and net realisable value on the balance sheet date. If the cost of
             inventories is higher than their net realisable value, a provision for decline in value of inventories will be made and
             included in profit or loss for the period. Net realisable value refers to the estimated selling price of inventories in daily
             activities, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

             The Group makes provisions for decline in value of inventories on the basis of individual inventory items. Net realisable
             value of the inventories of goods directly used for sale, such as finished goods, work in process and materials for sale, is
             determined by the estimated selling price of such inventories, minus the estimated selling expenses and related taxes;
             Net realisable value of the inventories of materials held for production is determined by the estimated selling price of
             finished goods produced, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and
             related taxes.

       13.   Contract assets and contract liabilities

             (1)    Contract assets

                     A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage of time, to
                     receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a customer. If the Group sells
                     two clearly distinguishable goods to customers, it is entitled to receive payment for one of the goods that
                     has been delivered, but the payment is also dependent on the delivery of the other of the goods, the Group
                     regards the right to receive payment as a contract asset.

                     For method of determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of contract assets, please
                     refer to relevant contents in “Note III. 11. (4) Impairment of financial instruments” described above.

             (2)    Contractual liabilities

                     A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company
                     has received or should receive consideration from the customer. If the customer has paid the contract
                     consideration or the Group has obtained the unconditional rights to consideration before the Group transfers
                     goods to the customer, the Group will recognise the amount received or receivable as a contract liability at
                     the time of actual payment by the customer or the due date of the amount to be paid by the customer, which is
                     the earlier.

       14.   Assets relating to contract costs

             (1)    Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                     The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract acquisition
                     cost. According to the liquidity, contract performance costs are presented separately in inventory and other
                     non-current assets, while contract acquisition costs are presented separately in other current assets and other
                     non-current assets.




                                                                                                                                             73
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            14.   Assets relating to contract costs — Continued

                  (1)    Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs — Continued

                         Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which does not
                         fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, such as inventories, fixed assets
                         or intangible assets, and meets all of the following conditions, which is recognised as an asset as contract
                         performance cost: the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated
                         contract, including direct labour, direct materials, manufacturing costs (or similar costs), costs that are
                         explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into
                         the contract; the costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations
                         in the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.

                         Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which is expected
                         to be recoverable and which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If the amortisation period
                         of such asset is no more than one year, the Group chooses the simplified treatment of including such contract
                         acquisition cost in profit or loss as incurred. Incremental cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by
                         the Group had no contract been acquired (such as commission, etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group
                         to obtain contracts (other than the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as travelling
                         expenses which will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained) are included in profit or
                         loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

                  (2)    Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                         The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for recognition of the
                         revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

                  (3)    Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                         If the carrying amount of the Group’s assets relating to contract costs is higher than the difference between
                         the following two items, the Group makes a provision for impairment and recognises the excess as an asset
                         impairment loss: ① the remaining consideration expected to be received from transfer of the goods relating
                         to the asset; and ② the cost expected to be incurred for transfer of the relevant goods.

            15.   Long-term equity investments

                  Long-term equity investments of the Group include the investments in subsidiaries, investments in associates and
                  equity investments in joint ventures.

                  (1)    Determination of significant influence and common control

                         The Group’s investment in associates refers to the equity investment that has a significant influence on the
                         investee. Significant influence means that the Group has the power to participate in decision-making on
                         the financial and operational policies of the investee, but cannot control or jointly control the formulation
                         of these policies with other parties. When the Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20%
                         (inclusive) or more but less than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that
                         the Group has significant influence on the investee. For voting rights less than 20% in the investee, the board
                         or representative in similar authority in the investee or the implementation processes of financial or operation
                         policies of investee have also been taken into account, or significant transaction with the investee, or
                         management personnel sent to the investee, or significant technology information provided to the investee
                         which have significant influence to the investee.




74
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       15.   Long-term equity investments — Continued

             (1)   Determination of significant influence and common control — Continued

                   The equity investment in a joint venture refers to the investment in which the Group exercises joint control
                   with other joint venture parties over the investee and has the power over the net assets of the investee. Joint
                   control refers to the shared control over a certain arrangement in accordance with relevant agreements, and
                   the related activities of the arrangement must be unanimously agreed upon by the participating parties who
                   share control before decision-making can be made. Basis for determination in respect of common control is
                   that all participating parties or a group of participating parties control such arrangement, and that policies of
                   such related business of such arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that control
                   such arrangement.

             (2)   Accounting treatment method

                   The Group initially measures the long-term equity investments obtained based on the initial investment cost.

                   For long-term equity investments obtained through business combination under common control, proportion
                   of carrying amount of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the consolidated financial
                   statements of the ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial investment cost. For carrying amount of
                   net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date of combination, investment cost of long-term equity
                   investment is calculated as zero.

                   For long-term equity investments acquired through business combination not under common control, cost of
                   combination will be treated as the initial investment cost;

                   Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination, for long-term equity
                   investments acquired by cash payment, the initial investment cost shall be based on the actual purchase
                   price paid and the expenses, taxes and other necessary expenditures directly related to the acquisition of
                   long-term equity investments. For long-term equity investments acquired by issuing equity securities, the cost
                   of investment is the fair value of the equity securities issued;

                   The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in individual financial statements using cost
                   method. When the cost method is used, long-term equity investments are measured at their initial investment
                   cost. When making additional investment, carrying amount of the long-term equity investments will be
                   increased according to the fair value of cost of additional investment and the related expenses incurred by
                   related transactions. For cash dividend or profit paid by the investee, it shall be recognised as investment
                   income for current period using the amount which it entitles.

                   The Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity method. When
                   using the equity method, if the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment exceeds the share of
                   the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that should be enjoyed at the time of investment,
                   the book value of the long-term equity investment shall not be adjusted. If the initial investment cost of a long-
                   term equity investment is less than the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that
                   should be enjoyed at the time of investment, the difference shall be adjusted to the book value of the long-
                   term equity investment and included in the profit or loss for current investment period.




                                                                                                                                         75
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            15.   Long-term equity investments — Continued

                  (2)    Accounting treatment method — Continued

                          For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under equity
                          method, carrying amount of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased accordingly
                          according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee during the investment period. When
                          determining the amount of proportion of net profit or loss in the investee which it entitles, fair value of each
                          identifiable asset of the investee at the time when the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and
                          according to the accounting policies and accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss
                          incurred in internal transaction between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which
                          is attributable to the Group according to the shareholding (if internal transaction losses belong to asset
                          impairment losses, they shall be fully recognised), and recognised after adjustment is made to the net profit
                          of the investee. The Group recognises the net loss incurred by the investee, with the book value of long-
                          term equity investments and other long-term equity essentially constituting the net investment in the investee
                          reduced to zero, except for the obligation of the Group to bear additional losses.

            16.   Investment properties

                  The Group’s investment properties refer to the real estate held for the purpose of earning rent or capital appreciation,
                  or for both, which comprise rented out houses, buildings and land. They are measured using the cost model.

                  The Group’s investment property is depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for houses, buildings or
                  land use rights.

            17.   Fixed assets

                  The Group’s fixed assets are tangible assets held for producing goods, providing services, leasing, or for operating
                  and administrative purposes, with useful lives exceeding one year.

                  Fixed assets are recognized when it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the Group and the
                  cost can be reliably measured. The Group’s fixed assets include land overseas, buildings, machinery and equipment,
                  electronic equipment, furniture and fixtures, and transportation equipment.

                  Except for fully depreciated fixed assets that are still in use and land accounted for separately, the Group depreciates
                  all of its fixed assets. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method. The classification, useful life, estimated
                  residual value, and annual depreciation rates of the Group’s fixed assets are as follows:

                                                                                                              Rate of                 Annual
                                                                                                             residual            depreciation
                  No.   Category                                             Useful life (year)             value (%)               rates (%)

                  1     Offshore land                                                Unlimited         Not applicable          Not applicable
                  2     Buildings and structures                                       20 – 50                  0 – 10                  1.8 – 5
                  3     Machinery and equipment                                          5 – 20                 5 – 10                4.5 – 19
                  4     Electronic equipment,                                            3 – 10                 0 – 10               9 – 33.33
                           appliances and furniture
                  5     Transportation equipment                                         5 – 10                  5 – 10                  9 – 19

                  The Group reviews the useful lives, estimated residual values and depreciation methods of fixed assets at the end of
                  each year. Any changes are treated as changes in accounting estimates.




76
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       18.   Construction in progress

             The cost of construction in progress is determined based on the actual project expenditure incurred, including
             various construction expenditures and other related costs during the construction period.

             Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it reaches its intended usable state. It is measured at the
             estimated value based on the project budget, cost, or actual project cost, and depreciation starts from the following
             month. The original value of fixed assets will be adjusted upon completion of final accounts.

             The criteria for transferring construction in progress to fixed assets are as follows:

             Item                                             Criteria for transfer to fixed assets

             Buildings and structures                         Earlier of completion and acceptance/actual commencement of use

             Machinery and equipment                          Completion of installation and commissioning and acceptance

       19.   Borrowing costs

             The Group will capitalise the borrowing costs that can be directly attributed to the construction or production of assets
             eligible for capitalisation, and include them in the relevant asset costs. Other borrowing costs will be recognised in
             the profit or loss for current period. Assets identified by the Group as eligible for capitalization include borrowing cost
             incurred from fixed assets, investment properties and inventories which require construction or production activities
             for more than 1 year, and can reached usable or sale condition after that. Borrowing costs start capitalization
             when the assets expense and borrowing costs were incurred and the construction or production activities, in order
             to make assets to reach the expected usable or sale condition have started; When construction or assets that
             fulfil the capitalization conditions reached the expected usable or sale condition, the capitalization have to be
             terminated. Borrowing costs incurred afterward are included into the profit or loss for current period. If assets that fulfil
             capitalization conditions interrupted abnormally during construction or production progress, and such interruption
             occurred for more than three consecutive months, capitalization of borrowing costs have to terminate, until
             construction of assets or production activities resumed.

             During each accounting period within the capitalization period, the Group recognizes the amount of borrowing costs
             capitalized as follows: for specialized borrowings, the amount is determined based on the actual interest expenses
             incurred during the period, less the interest income from unused borrowings deposited in the bank or the investment
             income from temporary investments; for general borrowings, the amount is determined by multiplying the weighted
             average of asset expenditures exceeding the specific borrowings by the capitalization rate of the general borrowings,
             where the capitalization rate is calculated based on the weighted average interest rate of general borrowings.

       20.   Intangible assets

             The Group’s intangible assets mainly include land use right, trademark right, proprietary technology, and sales
             channel etc. Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible assets,
             actual paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets invested by investors,
             the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment contract or agreement, while for
             the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is determined at the fair value. However, intangible
             assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are owned by the acquiree but not recognised in its
             financial statements are recognised at fair value on initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                             77
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            20.   Intangible assets — Continued

                  (1)    Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review procedure

                         The Group amortizes land use right on the basis of its useful life by straight line method since it is acquired.
                         Other intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful life, stipulated
                         beneficial year by contract, and legal available year. The amortization amount is accounted into costs and
                         profit or loss in the current period according to the beneficiary object of intangible assets. The Group makes
                         the assessment on the estimated useful life and amortization method of intangible assets with limited useful
                         life at the end of each year. Any changes will be dealt with as changes on accounting estimates.

                         The Group’s intangible assets with limited useful lives are as follows:

                         Item                                                                                                      Useful lives (years)

                         Land use rights                                                                                                           20-70
                         Trademark rights                                                                                                              5
                         Know-how                                                                                                                     10
                         Sales channels                                                                                                               10
                         Others                                                                                                                     3-10

                         Note:   The useful life of the land use right is determined according to the transfer period; the useful life of other intangible
                                 assets is determined according to the shortest of their estimated useful lives, the beneficial period stipulated in the
                                 contract, and the legal validity period.


                         In each accounting period, the Group reviews the estimated useful life of intangible assets with uncertain useful
                         lives. If there is evidence showing that the period during which the intangible assets bring economic benefits
                         to the enterprise is foreseeable, the useful life is estimated and amortized according to the amortization policy
                         for intangible assets with limited useful lives.

                  (2)    Scope of research and development expenditure and related accounting treatment

                         The Group’s research and development expenditure includes salaries of research and development
                         personnel, direct investment expenses, depreciation and prepayment expenses, and other expenses.

                         The Group distinguishes the expenditure of internal research and development projects into research phase
                         expenditure and development phase expenditure according to the nature of the expenditure and whether
                         the intangible assets formed by the research and development activities have high uncertainty. Research
                         phase expenditure is included in current profit or loss when incurred. Expenditure in the development phase
                         is capitalized if all of the following conditions are met: The Group evaluates that the intangible assets can
                         be used or sold technically; The Group has the intention to complete and use or sell the intangible assets;
                         The intangible assets are expected to generate economic benefits for the Group; The Group has sufficient
                         technical, financial resources and other resources to support the completion of the development of the
                         intangible assets and the ability to use or sell the intangible assets; The expenditure attributable to the
                         development phase of the intangible assets can be measured reliably. Expenditures in the development
                         phase that do not meet the criteria for capitalization are included in current profit or loss when incurred.




78
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       21.   Impairment of long-term assets

             The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties measured by
             the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-to-use assets and intangible assets with limited useful
             lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is indication that there is impairment, the Group would perform
             impairment test. Impairment test should be made for goodwill and intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the
             year end regardless of whether there is indication of impairment loss.

             (1)    Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (other than goodwill)

                    When conducting impairment testing, the Group determines its recoverable amount based on the higher of
                    the net amount after deducting disposal expenses from the fair value of the asset and the present value of
                    the expected future cash flows of the asset. After impairment testing, if the book value of the asset exceeds its
                    recoverable amount, the difference is recognised as impairment loss.

                    The Group estimates its recoverable amount based on individual assets. If it is difficult to estimate the
                    recoverable amount of individual assets, the recoverable amount shall be determined based on the asset
                    group to which the asset belongs. The recognition of an asset group is based on whether the main cash
                    inflows generated by the asset group are independent of the cash inflows of other assets or asset groups.

                    The net amount after deducting disposal costs from fair value is determined by referring to the sales
                    agreement price or observable market price of similar assets in fair trade, minus the incremental costs
                    directly attributable to the disposal of the asset. When estimating the present value of future cash flows,
                    the management must estimate the expected future cash flows of the asset or asset group and select an
                    appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of future cash flows. Please refer to Note V.(19) for
                    details.

             (2)    Goodwill impairment

                    The Group amortises the book value of the goodwill arising from business combinations to the relevant asset
                    groups starting from the purchase date, allocating it to those asset groups that can be reasonably attributed,
                    and to the relevant asset group combinations when it is difficult to allocate them to specific asset groups.
                    When conducting impairment tests on relevant asset groups or asset group combinations that include
                    goodwill, if there are indications of impairment related to the asset groups or asset group combinations
                    associated with goodwill, the Group first performs an impairment test on the asset groups or asset group
                    combinations that do not include goodwill, calculates the recoverable amount, and compares it with the
                    relevant carrying amount to recognize the corresponding impairment loss. Subsequently, an impairment test
                    is conducted on the asset groups or asset group combinations that include goodwill, comparing the carrying
                    amount with the recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount, the amount
                    of impairment loss is first deducted from the book value of goodwill allocated to the asset groups or asset
                    group combinations, and then, based on the proportion of the book value of other assets, excluding goodwill,
                    within the asset groups or asset group combinations, the book value of other assets are proportionately
                    reduced.

                    The methods, parameters and assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill are detailed in Note V. (20).

                    An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent period.




                                                                                                                                        79
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            22.   Long-term prepaid expenses

                  Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be recognised as
                  expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Such expenses are amortised on average
                  during the benefit period. If a long-term prepaid expense item cannot benefit subsequent accounting periods, the
                  amortised value of the item that has not yet been amortised shall be fully transferred to the profit or loss for current
                  period.

            23.   Employee remuneration

                  Employee remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment benefits, termination
                  benefits and other long-term benefits.

                  Short-term remuneration mainly includes staff salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare, medical
                  insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium, housing provident funds,
                  union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary welfare etc. Short-term remuneration
                  incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided services is recognised as a liability, and included in
                  profit or loss for the current period or as related asset cost in accordance with beneficiaries.

                  Post-employment benefits mainly include basic pension insurance premiums, unemployment insurance, etc., and are
                  classified as defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans according to the risks and obligations borne by the
                  company. For defined contribution plans, the contributions payable to the independent entity for services provided
                  by employees during the accounting period at the balance sheet date are recognized as a liability and included in
                  the profit or loss for the current period or the cost of relevant assets according to the beneficiary.

                  The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme which requires contributions to be made to an independently
                  managed fund. No fund has been injected to the scheme, and the cost of providing the benefit under the defined
                  benefit scheme is based on the expected cumulative benefit unit method. Re-measurements arising from the defined
                  benefit pension scheme, including actuarial gains or losses, changes in the impact of asset ceilings (net of amounts
                  included in net interest on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) and returns on assets under the scheme (net
                  of amounts included in net interest on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) shall be recognised immediately
                  in the balance sheet. They shall be included in the shareholders’ equity through other comprehensive income
                  for the period in which they occur, and not reversed to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The Group recognises
                  past service costs as current expenses on the date of modification of the defined benefit scheme or the date of
                  recognition of relevant restructuring expenses or dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier.

                  Termination benefits are employee benefits provided by the Group for terminating the employment relationship with
                  employees before the expiration of the employment contract or for encouraging employees to accept voluntary
                  redundancy. The Group recognizes a liability for termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: when the
                  Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits or when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring that
                  involves the payment of termination benefits.

            24.   Provisions

                  The Group recognises it as a liability when an obligation pertinent to contingencies such as external guarantees,
                  discounting of commercial acceptance bills, pending litigation or arbitration, product quality assurance, etc.
                  simultaneously meets the following conditions: The obligation is a current obligation borne by the Group; it is likely
                  that an outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from the performance of the obligation; and the amount of the
                  obligation can be reliably measured.

                  Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the necessary expenses required for the performance
                  of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks, uncertainties, time value of money and other factors
                  pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the current best estimates and makes adjustments to the carrying
                  amount of the accrued liabilities on the balance sheet date.




80
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       24.   Provisions — Continued

             Contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired in a business combination not under common control are measured
             at fair value at the time of initial recognition and be subsequently measured at the higher of the recognised amount
             of accrued liabilities or the balance after deducting the accumulated amortisation amount determined by the
             revenue recognition principle from the initial recognition amount.

       25.   Share-based payments

             The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on the fair value
             of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled share-based payment can
             be vested immediately upon grant, it shall be included in relevant costs or expenses according to the fair value of
             equity instruments on the grant date, and the capital reserves shall be increased accordingly. If the equity-settled
             share-based payment cannot be vested until the services are completed in vesting period or until the prescribed
             performance conditions are met, then on each balance sheet date within the vesting period, the services acquired
             during the period shall be included in relevant costs or expenses and capital reserves according to the fair value of
             equity instruments on the grant date, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments. If the
             terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, acquired services are recognised at least as if the
             terms had not been modified. In addition, modifications that increase the fair value of equity instruments granted,
             or changes that are beneficial to employees on the date of modification, are recognised as an increase in services
             acquired.

             If equity-settled share-based payments are cancelled, they shall be treated as accelerated exercise on the date
             of cancellation, and the unrecognised amount shall be recognised immediately. If employees or other parties
             can choose to satisfy the non-exercisable conditions but fail to do so within the vesting period, it shall be treated
             as cancellation of the equity-settled share-based payment. However, if a new equity instrument is granted and
             it is determined on the date of grant that the new equity instrument is intended to replace the cancelled equity
             instrument, the substitute equity instrument granted shall be treated in the same manner as the modification to the
             terms and conditions of the original equity instrument.

       26.   Recognition and measurement of revenue

             The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is fulfilled, i.e. when “control” of the
             goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customers. Acquiring control
             over relevant goods or services means to be able to dominate the use of such goods or the provision of such services
             and obtain almost all economic benefits from them.

             The revenue of the Group mainly includes revenue from sale of goods.

             The sale of products by the Group to customers is the fulfilment of its performance obligation at a certain point of
             time, and revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is completed. Domestic sales business: Revenue
             is recognised when the goods are delivered by the Group according to the contract or order and received by the
             customer. Overseas sales business: It is generally agreed in the sales contracts signed between the Group and
             overseas customers that the point of time at which the control over the goods is transferred is when the goods are
             loaded onto ships and depart from the ports. Therefore, the Group recognises the overseas sales revenue from its
             major overseas sales business when the goods depart from the ports.

       27.   Government grants

             Government grants are recognised when they meet the accompanying conditions and can be received.
             Government grants that are monetary assets shall be measured at the amount actually received. Grants, which
             are disbursed according to fixed quota standard or where there is conclusive evidence at the end of the year that
             they can satisfy relevant conditions set out in the financial support policy and that the financial support funds are
             expected to be received, shall be measured at the amount receivable.




                                                                                                                                     81
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            27.   Government grants — Continued

                  Government grants of the Group consist of asset-related government grants and income-related government grants.
                  Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained for acquisition or construction of long-term
                  assets or other forms of long-term asset formation; income-related government grants refer to those other than asset-
                  related government grants. If related government documents do not specify targets of the grants, the Group will
                  recognise the grants according to the above principle, and if it’s difficult to distinguish, they shall be recognised as
                  the income-related government grants as a whole.

                  Asset-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss over the
                  useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. If relevant assets are sold, transferred, scrapped
                  or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the balance of undistributed deferred income shall be transferred to
                  profit or loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of.

                  Income-related government grants, which are used to compensate for related expenses or losses to be incurred in
                  the subsequent periods, shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss over the periods in
                  which the related costs or losses are recognised. Government grants related to daily activities, depending on the
                  essence of economic business, are included in other income or used to offset relevant expenses. Government grants
                  not related to daily activities are included in non-operating income or expenses.

                  If the Group obtains policy-based preferential loan interest subsidies, the accounting treatment shall be distinguished
                  between the following two situations: (1) If the financial funds are allocated to the loan bank, and the loan bank
                  provides loans to the Group at a preferential policy interest rate, the Group shall record the actual loan amount
                  received as the entry value of the loan, and calculate the relevant borrowing costs according to the principal of
                  the loan and the policy preferential interest rate (or the fair value of the loan shall be recorded as the entry value of
                  the loan and the borrowing costs shall be calculated according to the actual interest rate method. The difference
                  between the actual amount received and the fair value of the loan shall be recognised as deferred income. The
                  deferred income shall be amortised using the actual interest rate method during the loan period to offset the relevant
                  borrowing costs). (2) Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds directly to the Group, the Group
                  will offset relevant borrowing costs with the corresponding subsidised funds.

            28.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                  The Group’s deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are recognised on the basis of (temporary
                  differences) arising from differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount, as well
                  as from differences between the tax bases and their carrying amount of items that are not recognised as assets and
                  liabilities but whose tax bases can be determined according to tax laws.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences, except in the following
                  circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill or the initial recognition of
                  assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are not business combinations and that affect neither the accounting
                  profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); (2) taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                  in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
                  temporary differences and such temporary differences are likely not to be reversed in the foreseeable future.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax
                  credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible
                  temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised, except in the following circumstances: (1)
                  temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in transactions other than business
                  combinations that affect neither accounting profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); and (2) deductible
                  temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that can not simultaneously
                  satisfy the following conditions: temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future, and taxable
                  income is likely to be obtained in the future to offset deductible temporary differences.




82
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       28.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities — Continued

             The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for all unused deductible losses to the extent that it is likely that
             sufficient taxable income will be available to offset the deductible losses. The management uses considerable
             judgements in estimating the time and amount of future taxable income, and determines the amount of deferred
             income tax assets to be recognised by taking into account the tax planning strategies, thus resulting in uncertainty.

             On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax rate during
             the expected period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled.

             The Group presents deferred income tax assets and liabilities as net amounts after offsetting when all of the following
             conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets and current deferred income
             tax liabilities on a net basis; deferred income tax assets and liabilities are related to income tax levied by the same
             tax collection and management authority on the same taxpayer or on different taxpayers. However, for each future
             period in which significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities are reversed, the taxpayers involved intend to
             either settle the current income tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or to acquire the assets and settle the liabilities
             simultaneously.

       29.   Lease

             (1)     Identification of lease

                     At the commencement date of the contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease or contains
                     a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right of use of an identified asset or several identified assets for
                     consideration within a certain period of time, such contract is regarded as lease or includes lease.

                     Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract and conduct
                     accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases.

             (2)     The Group as a lessee

                     1)      Lease recognition

                             Except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets, the Group recognises right-of-use assets and
                             lease liabilities of the lease at the inception of the lease term.

                             The right-of-use assets refer to the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the Group as a
                             lessee, which are initially measured at cost. Such cost shall comprise: ① the amount of the initial
                             measurement of the lease liability; ② any lease payments made on or before the inception of the
                             lease, less any lease incentives received; ③ any initial direct costs incurred; and ④ an estimate of
                             costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the
                             site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                             conditions of the lease (costs of production of inventory are excluded). If the Group re-measures lease
                             liability in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, the carrying amount of the
                             right-of-use assets shall be adjusted accordingly.

                             The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the expected consumption
                             of the economic benefits associated with the right-of-use assets. If it can reasonably determined that
                             ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall
                             be accrued within the remaining useful life of the leased asset; if it can not be reasonably determined
                             that ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation
                             shall be accrued within the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever is
                             shorter. The depreciation amount accrued is included in the cost of relevant asset or current profit or
                             loss based on the use of the right-of-use asset.




                                                                                                                                              83
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            29.   Lease — Continued

                  (2)    The Group as a lessee — Continued

                         1)      Lease recognition — Continued

                                 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease payments at the
                                 inception of the lease term. The lease payments include: ① the fixed payment and the substantial
                                 fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount; ② the variable lease payments depending on the
                                 index or ratio; ③ the exercise price of the call option, provided that the Group reasonably determines
                                 that it will exercise the option; ④ the amount payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease,
                                 provided that the lease term reflects that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; and
                                 ⑤ the amount payable based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.

                                 In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine the interest rate
                                 implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall be adopted as the discount rate.
                                 The Group shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease liabilities for each period of the lease term
                                 at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include them in profit or loss for the current period, expect for
                                 those subject to capitalisation.

                                 Subsequent to the inception of the lease term, the Group increases the carrying amount of the lease
                                 liability at the time of recognising interest on the lease liability, and decreases the carrying amount
                                 of the lease liability at the time of making lease payments. When there is a change in the substantive
                                 fixed payments, a change in the expected payable amount for the residual value of the guarantee,
                                 a change in the index or ratio used to determine the amount of lease payments, or a change in the
                                 valuation result or actual exercise of the option of purchase, renewal or termination, the Group will re-
                                 measure the lease liability based on the present value of lease payments as a result of the change.

                         2)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                                 For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value asset leases
                                 which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
                                 During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value
                                 assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other
                                 systematic and reasonable methods over the lease term./other systematic and reasonable methods.

                  (3)    The Group as a lessor

                         The Group as a lessor classifies the lease as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                         incidental to ownership of an underlying asset, and classifies other leases as operating leases.

                         1)     Finance lease

                                 At the inception of the lease term, the Group confirms the finance lease receivable on the finance
                                 lease and terminates the recognition of the finance lease assets. When the initial measurement of the
                                 finance lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group uses the net lease investment as the entry
                                 value of the finance lease receivables.

                                 The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present value of rental
                                 receipts that has not been received at the inception of the lease term, which is discounted according
                                 to the interest rate implicit in lease. The Group calculates and recognises interest income for each
                                 period of the lease term based on a fixed periodic interest rate. The variable lease payments received
                                 by the Group that are not included in the net lease investment are recognised in profit or loss for the
                                 period in which they are actually incurred.




84
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       29.   Lease — Continued

             (3)    The Group as a lessor — Continued

                    2)      Operating lease

                            During each period of the lease term, the Group recognises the lease receipts from operating leases as
                            rental income on a straight-line basis.

                            The initial direct costs incurred in relation to operating leases by the Group are capitalised into the
                            cost of the leased asset and are recognised in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as
                            rental income. The variable lease payments related to operating leases obtained by the Group that
                            are not included in the lease receipts are recognised in profit or loss when they are actually incurred.

                            When there is a change in operating leases, the Group treats it as a new lease for accounting
                            purposes from the effective date of the change, and the pre-received or receivable lease receipts
                            related to the lease before the change are regarded as the receipts of the new lease.

       30.   Discontinued operations

             Discontinued operations refer to the separately identifiable components of the Group that meet one of the following
             conditions and have been disposed of or classified as held-for-sale: (1) the component represents an independent
             major business or a separate major operating area; (2) the component is part of an associated plan to dispose of
             an independent major business or a separate major operating area; (3) the component is a subsidiary acquired
             exclusively for resale.

             In the profit statement, the Group sets up “net profit from continuing operations” and “net profit from discontinued
             operations” under “net profit” to reflect the profit or loss related to continuing operations and discontinued
             operations, respectively, on an after-tax net basis. The profit and loss from discontinued operations shall be reported
             as discontinued operations income, including the entire reporting period, not just the reporting period after being
             identified as discontinued operations.

       31.   Fair value measurement

             The Group measures investment property, derivative financial instruments, and equity instrument investments at fair
             value at each balance sheet date. Fair value refers to the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
             transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

             Assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements are classified into different
             fair value levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the overall fair value measurement: Level 1
             inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed at the
             measurement date; Level 2 inputs are inputs other than Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
             directly or indirectly; Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

       32.   Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates

             (1)    Changes in critical accounting policies

                    Nil.

             (2)    Changes in critical accounting estimates

                    Nil.




                                                                                                                                       85
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     IV.   TAXATION

           1.     The main types and rates of taxes

                  Type of taxes                                     Tax basis                                                                Tax rate

                  Value-added tax                                   Output value-added tax is computed at                     13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%
                                                                      13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3% of taxable income.
                                                                      Value-added tax is computed on the
                                                                      difference after deduction of input value-
                                                                      added tax. Input value-added tax is not
                                                                      deductible for value-added tax to which
                                                                      simple collection method is applicable.
                  City maintenance and construction tax             Turnover tax payable                                                    5%, 7%
                  Education surcharges                              Turnover tax payable                                                        3%
                  Enterprise income tax                             Taxable income                                         25%/for details, please
                                                                                                                             see the table below

                  Note:   The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are located.


                  Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

                  Name of tax payer                                                                                               Income tax rate

                  Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                       15.00%
                  Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                                          15.00%
                  Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                           15.00%
                  Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                       15.00%
                  Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                                          15.00%
                  Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                                                    15.00%
                  Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                                                 15.00%
                  Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                        15.00%
                  Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Development Co., Ltd.                                                                      20.00%
                  Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                 15.00%
                  Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                                               15.00%
                  Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                                                          15.00%
                  Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd.                                                                            15.00%
                  Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited                                                                      15.00%
                  Kelon International Incorporation(KII)                                                                              8.25%/16.5%
                  Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                              16.50%
                  Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                              16.50%
                  Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Limited.                                                                  16.50%
                  Hisense Mould(Deutschland) GmbH                                                                                          15.00%
                  Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                                       30.00%
                  Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                                 30.00%
                  Sanden Corporation                                                                                                       30.50%
                  SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                                                                                       30.00%
                  SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                                                                                       28.00%
                  SANDEN VIKAS(INDIA) LTD.                                                                                                 35.00%
                  SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                                                                                 30.00%
                  Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                                                           15.00%
                  Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                                              5%-34%




86
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


IV.   TAXATION — Continued

      2.    Tax preferences

            On 28 December 2023, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
            received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344003724, with an effective period of three
            years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong
            Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau.
            The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and
            adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

            On 28 December 2023, Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of
            High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002886, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued
            by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance
            and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax
            reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income
            tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

            On 9 November 2023, Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-
            tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101305, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued
            by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State
            Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
            exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
            2023, 2024 and 2025.

            On 9 November 2023, Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of
            High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101226, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly
            issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the
            State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
            exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
            2023, 2024 and 2025.

            On 9 November 2023, Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of
            High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337100712, with an effective period of three years), which was jointly
            issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the
            State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
            exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
            2023, 2024 and 2025.

            On 19 December 2022, Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
            received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244002710, with an effective period of three
            years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong
            Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau.
            The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and
            adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

            On 19 December 2022, Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
            Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244004440, with an effective period of three years), which
            was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial
            Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The
            subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and
            adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.




                                                                                                                                        87
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     IV.   TAXATION — Continued

           2.     Tax preferences — Continued

                  On 12 December 2022, Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                  Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202232015499, with an effective period of three years), which
                  was jointly issued by Jiangsu Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Jiangsu Provincial Department of
                  Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Jiangsu Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax
                  reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income
                  tax rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

                  Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, meets the identification standards
                  for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12: engaging in industries not restricted or
                  prohibited by the state and meeting the annual taxable income of no more than RMB3 million, the number of
                  employees of no more than 300, and total assets of not exceeding RMB50 million. According to the relevant tax
                  preferences for small and micro-sized enterprises, the taxable income was calculated according to 25%, and the
                  enterprise income tax was paid at the rate of 20% in 2024.

                  Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, belongs to an encouraged industrial
                  enterprise located in the western region. In accordance with relevant provisions of the Announcement [2020]
                  No. 23 of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the National Development and Reform
                  Commission on Continuing the Enterprise Income Tax Policies for the Large-Scale Development of Western China, the
                  applicable enterprises income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2030.

                  On 14 December 2021, Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                  received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202137101914, with an effective period of three
                  years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal
                  Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary
                  has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the
                  enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. The re-assessment of High/New Technology Enterprise
                  status for Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air- Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. in 2024 is under progress, and according to
                  the relevant requirements on State tax, the preferential rate of 15% is effective temporarily during the re-assessment
                  period.

                  On 4 November 2021, Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                  Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202137100462, with an effective period of three years), which
                  was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance
                  and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax
                  reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income
                  tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023. The re-assessment of High/New Technology Enterprise status for Qingdao
                  Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd. in 2024 is under progress, and according to the relevant requirements on
                  State tax, the preferential rate of 15% is effective temporarily during the re-assessment period.

                  On 29 November 2023, Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                  Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337102273, with an effective period of three years), which
                  was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance
                  and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax
                  reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income
                  tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                  On 28 December 2023, Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited, a subsidiary of the Company,
                  received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002235, with an effective period of three
                  years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong
                  Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau.
                  The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and
                  adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.




88
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


IV.   TAXATION — Continued

      2.     Tax preferences — Continued

             The subsidiaries of the Company which were incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to an enterprise income tax on
             the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following rates: ① for KII: a rate of 8.25%
             is applied to the part which does not exceed HK$2,000,000, while a rate of 16.5% is applied to the part which exceeds
             HK$2,000,000; ② for other Hong Kong subsidiaries: a rate of 16.5% is applied to all of them.

      3.     Other tax preferences

             In accordance with relevant provisions of the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration
             of Taxation on Value-added Tax Policies for Software Products (Cai Shui [2011] No. 100), the subsidiaries of the
             Company, including Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer
             Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Air-
             Conditioning Co., Ltd., Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner Co., Ltd., Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd. and Qingdao
             Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., will enjoy the tax incentives of immediate collection and refund for
             the portion of the embedded software products with the actual VAT burden of more than 3%.

V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      For the following disclosed financial statement information, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the balance
      as at 1 January 2024; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 30 June 2024. “Current Period” refers to the period
      from 1 January to 30 June 2024; “Previous Period” refers to the period from 1 January to 30 June 2023. The Currency is
      denominated in RMB.

      (1)    Cash at bank and on hand

             Item                                                                           Closing balance       Opening balance

             Cash on hand                                                                         128,162.79              151,362.17
             Bank deposits                                                                    935,787,887.18        1,242,044,709.82
             Other cash at bank and on hand                                                 2,098,823,812.22        1,749,212,727.81
             Deposit in financial company                                                   2,184,731,462.96        1,947,864,398.82
             Including: Bank deposits                                                       1,796,572,283.86        1,612,090,951.28
                        Other cash at bank and on hand                                        388,159,179.10          335,773,447.54


             Total                                                                          5,219,471,325.15       4,939,273,198.62


             Including: Total amount deposited overseas                                       534,467,313.75         937,552,504.07


             Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

             Item                                                                           Closing balance       Opening balance

             Deposit for issuing bank acceptance bills                                      2,422,957,753.56        2,011,488,962.44
             Other security deposit                                                            46,797,437.38           50,643,835.64


             Total                                                                          2,469,755,190.94       2,062,132,798.08




                                                                                                                                        89
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           (2)    Transactional financial assets

                  Item                                                                             Closing balance           Opening balance

                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                           13,933,909,217.25          13,192,025,535.87
                  Including: Derivative financial instruments                                         53,453,696.10               4,285,180.76
                             Wealth management products                                           13,880,455,521.15          13,187,740,355.11


                  Total                                                                          13,933,909,217.25           13,192,025,535.87


                  Notes to transactional financial assets:

                  The Group did not have high-risk entrusted wealth management, and no any circumstances indicating the possibility
                  that the principal of the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances that might
                  lead to impairment of the Group’s entrusted wealth management. For details of fair value, please refer to Note XI.(1).
                  Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the period.

           (3)    Notes receivable

                  1.      As shown by classification of notes receivable

                          Item                                                                     Closing balance           Opening balance

                          Bank acceptance notes                                                       161,616,335.32            165,995,198.60
                          Commercial acceptance notes                                                 406,395,531.93            575,627,374.90


                          Total                                                                      568,011,867.25            741,622,573.50


                          Notes to notes receivable: notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection) were
                          presented as notes receivable by the Group, and notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for
                          collection) and selling of these notes (endorsed or discounted) were presented as receivable financing by
                          the Group.

                  2.      As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                           Closing balance
                          Category                                   Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                    Amount            %             Amount               %       Carrying amount

                          Separate provision for bad debt
                          Provision for bad debts on
                            a group basis                     568,026,416.06      100.00           14,548.81                       568,011,867.25
                          Including:
                          Bank acceptance notes               161,616,335.32       28.45                                           161,616,335.32
                          Commercial acceptance notes         406,410,080.74       71.55           14,548.81                       406,395,531.93


                          Total                              568,026,416.06       100.00          14,548.81                       568,011,867.25




90
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (3)   Notes receivable — Continued

            2.    As shown by provision for bad debts — Continued

                   (continued)

                                                                                      Opening balance
                   Category                                  Book value                    Provision for bad debts
                                                            Amount               %              Amount                  %    Carrying amount

                   Separate provision for bad debt
                   Provision for bad debts on
                     a group basis                    742,123,337.77         100.00          500,764.27               0.07     741,622,573.50
                   Including:
                   Bank acceptance notes              165,995,198.60          22.37                                            165,995,198.60
                   Commercial acceptance notes        576,128,139.17          77.63          500,764.27               0.09     575,627,374.90


                   Total                              742,123,337.77         100.00          500,764.27               0.07    741,622,573.50


                  (1)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for bank acceptance notes

                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                    Provision for
                              Name                                           Book value               bad debts                           %

                              Acceptor being a bank
                               with low credit risk                       161,616,335.32


                              Total                                       161,616,335.32                                                   –


                  (2)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for commercial acceptance notes

                                                                                             Closing balance
                                                                                                    Provision for
                              Name                                           Book value               bad debts                           %

                              Acceptor being a related
                               party company                              397,718,863.09
                              Acceptor being other types
                               of company                                   8,691,217.65                  14,548.81                    0.17


                              Total                                       406,410,080.74                14,548.81                          –




                                                                                                                                                91
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           (3)    Notes receivable — Continued

                  3.     Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current period

                                                                                                Changes during the period
                                                                                                                                     Effect of
                                                                                                                                  changes in
                                                                  Opening                        Recoveries       Write-off or     exchange             Closing
                         Category                                 balance          Provision     or reversals     charge-off             rate          balance

                         Commercial acceptance notes             500,764.27                       486,215.46                                          14,548.81


                         Total                                  500,764.27                       486,215.46                                           14,548.81


                  4.     Notes receivable pledged as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                                           Pledged amount
                                                                                                                                                  at the end
                         Item                                                                                                                  of the period

                         Bank acceptance notes                                                                                                   161,616,335.32


                         Total                                                                                                               161,616,335.32


                         Note:      For details of the pledge, please refer to Note 5.(24). Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use.


                  5.     Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the period but not mature at the balance sheet
                         date

                                                                                                                         Amount                    Amount not
                                                                                                                  derecognised                   derecognised
                                                                                                                      at the end                     at the end
                         Item                                                                                      of the period                  of the period

                         Commercial acceptance notes                                                                                             103,614,318.18


                         Total                                                                                                               103,614,318.18


                  6.     Notes receivable written-off during the period

                         There was no notes receivable written-off during the period.




92
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (4)   Accounts receivable

            1.    Accounts receivable by ageing

                                                                                                    Book value               Book value as at
                                                                                                  as at the end                the beginning
                   Ageing                                                                         of the period                 of the period

                   Within three months                                                       10,491,965,313.38               8,330,628,047.85
                   Over three months but within six months                                      367,968,183.05                 433,307,441.27
                   Over six months but within one year                                          244,840,364.36                 246,354,515.38
                   Over one year                                                                517,264,432.51                 527,815,292.00


                   Total                                                                    11,622,038,293.30                9,538,105,296.50


            2.    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                Book value                Provision for bad debts
                   Category                                    Amount            %             Amount                   %       Carrying amount

                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     separately made                      88,956,663.60        0.77       88,956,663.60             100.00
                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     made on a group basis            11,533,081,629.70       99.23      223,892,575.68               1.94      11,309,189,054.02
                   Including:
                   Ageing analysis method              1,548,909,655.82       13.33      142,832,190.53               9.22       1,406,077,465.29
                   Receivables from related parties    7,168,100,008.16       61.68       13,403,145.47               0.19       7,154,696,862.69
                   Other account payments              2,816,071,965.72       24.22       67,657,239.68               2.40       2,748,414,726.04


                   Total                              11,622,038,293.30      100.00      312,849,239.28               2.69     11,309,189,054.02


                   (continued)

                                                                                      Opening balance
                                                                Book value                Provision for bad debts
                   Category                                    Amount            %             Amount                   %       Carrying amount

                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     separately made                      97,304,043.14        1.02       97,304,043.14             100.00
                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     made on a group basis             9,440,801,253.36       98.98      215,479,371.29               2.28       9,225,321,882.07
                   Including:
                   Ageing analysis method              1,505,237,529.67       15.78      132,000,437.65               8.77       1,373,237,092.02
                   Receivables from related parties    5,682,941,225.24       59.58       21,281,661.78               0.37       5,661,659,563.46
                   Other account payments              2,252,622,498.45       23.62       62,197,271.86               2.76       2,190,425,226.59


                   Total                               9,538,105,296.50      100.00      312,783,414.43               3.28      9,225,321,882.07




                                                                                                                                                    93
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           (4)    Accounts receivable — Continued

                  2.     Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                         (1)   Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                                                                Closing balance
                                                                                          Provision for
                                Name                                  Book value            bad debts              %        Reasons for provision

                                Domestic customers                 88,956,663.60        88,956,663.60         100.00        Expected to be difficult
                                                                                                                              to recover in full


                                Total                              88,956,663.60        88,956,663.60              –        –


                         (2)   Among the group, accounts receivable for which provision for bad debts is made by aging analysis
                               method:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                            Provision for
                                Ageing                                            Book value                  bad debts                           %

                                Within three months                          1,360,506,788.41               2,675,612.16                       0.20
                                Over three months but within
                                  six months                                    49,642,833.40               4,964,283.34                      10.00
                                Over six months but within one year              7,135,477.96               3,567,738.98                      50.00
                                Over one year                                  131,624,556.05             131,624,556.05                     100.00


                                Total                                       1,548,909,655.82           142,832,190.53                          9.22


                                Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made provision
                                         for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                         (3)   Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by receivables from related
                               parties:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                            Provision for
                                Ageing                                            Book value                  bad debts                           %

                                Within one year                              7,154,696,863.53
                                Over one year                                   13,403,144.63              13,403,145.47                     100.00


                                Total                                       7,168,100,008.16              13,403,145.47                        0.19




94
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (4)   Accounts receivable — Continued

            2.    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                  (4)       Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by other amount:

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                           Provision for
                              Category                                            Book value                 bad debts                            %

                              Other account payments                        2,816,071,965.72              67,657,239.68                        2.40


                              Total                                        2,816,071,965.72              67,657,239.68                         2.40


            3.    Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current
                  period

                                                                                         Changes during the period
                                                            Opening                       Recoveries      Write-off or  Changes in           Closing
                   Category                                 balance         Provision     or reversals    charge-off exchange rate          balance

                   Separate provision                   97,304,043.14                    8,347,379.54                                   88,956,663.60
                   Ageing analysis method              132,000,437.65   12,188,890.20                    1,347,538.00        -9,599.32 142,832,190.53
                   Receivables from related parties     21,281,661.78       41,828.84    7,871,993.82                      -48,351.33 13,403,145.47
                   Other account payments               62,197,271.86    8,060,131.59    3,679,681.33    1,124,045.14   2,203,562.70 67,657,239.68


                   Total                               312,783,414.43   20,290,850.63   19,899,054.69    2,471,583.14   2,145,612.05 312,849,239.28


                   Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the period.


            4.    Accounts receivable written-off

                   Item                                                                                                      Written-off amount

                   Accounts receivable written-off                                                                                   2,471,583.14


                   Note:      The Group has no significant accounts receivable written-off during the period.


            5.    Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors and contract assets

                   The total top five accounts receivable of the Group by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                   RMB6,498,936,127.92, accounting for 55.92% of the closing balance of account receivable. A provision for
                   bad debts of RMB8,874,278.31 in total was made as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                                        95
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           (5)    Contract assets

                  1.     Contract assets

                                                                               Closing balance                                          Opening balance
                                                                                   Provision for           Carrying                        Provision for          Carrying
                         Item                                    Book value          bad debts              amount        Book value         bad debts             amount

                         Guarantee                             42,865,400.56       7,278,309.07        35,587,091.49    41,049,130.53      5,170,821.71       35,878,308.82


                         Total                                 42,865,400.56       7,278,309.07    35,587,091.49       41,049,130.53       5,170,821.71      35,878,308.82


                  2.     Contract assets by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                            Closing balance
                                                                         Book value                              Provision for bad debts
                         Category                                       Amount                     %                   Amount                  %           Carrying amount

                         Contract assets for which provision
                           for bad debts is separately made
                         Contract assets for which
                           provision for bad debts is
                           made on a group basis                   42,865,400.56             100.00               7,278,309.07             16.98              35,587,091.49
                         Including:
                         Guarantee                                 42,865,400.56             100.00               7,278,309.07             16.98              35,587,091.49


                         Total                                    42,865,400.56             100.00               7,278,309.07              16.98             35,587,091.49


                         (continued)

                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                         Book value                              Provision for bad debts
                         Category                                       Amount                     %                   Amount                  %           Carrying amount

                         Contract assets for which provision
                           for bad debts is separately made
                         Contract assets for which
                           provision for bad debts is
                           made on a group basis                   41,049,130.53             100.00               5,170,821.71             12.60              35,878,308.82
                         Including:
                         Guarantee                                 41,049,130.53             100.00               5,170,821.71             12.60              35,878,308.82


                         Total                                    41,049,130.53             100.00               5,170,821.71              12.60             35,878,308.82




96
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (5)   Contract assets — Continued

            2.    Contract assets by provision for bad debts — Continued

                  (1)      Contract assets for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision for
                           Name                                                   Book value                   bad debts                             %

                           Guarantee                                           42,865,400.56                 7,278,309.07                        16.98


                           Total                                               42,865,400.56                7,278,309.07                         16.98


            3.    Provision for bad debts of contract assets that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current period

                                                                                                          Write-off or
                                                          Provision for          Reversal for             charge-off
                   Item                                     the period            the period             for the year        Reason

                   Guarantee                              2,107,487.36


                   Total                                 2,107,487.36                                                        –


            4.    Contract assets written-off for the period

                   There were no contract assets written-off for the period.

      (6)   Receivables Financing

            1.    Factoring of accounts receivable by category

                   Item                                                                                Closing balance           Opening balance

                   Bank acceptance notes                                                                7,803,580,984.75           4,643,427,583.77


                   Total                                                                               7,803,580,984.75           4,643,427,583.77


                   Note:   For details on the fair value, please refer to Note XI.(1). Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at
                           the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                                           97
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           (6)    Receivables Financing — Continued

                  2.     Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                           Closing balance
                         Category                                    Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                    Amount            %             Amount               %   Carrying amount

                         Factoring of accounts receivable
                           for which provision for bad
                           debts is separately made
                         Factoring of accounts receivable
                           for which provision for bad
                           debts is made on a group basis   7,803,580,984.75      100.00                                      7,803,580,984.75
                         Including:
                         Bank acceptance notes              7,803,580,984.75      100.00                                      7,803,580,984.75


                         Total                              7,803,580,984.75      100.00                                     7,803,580,984.75


                         (continued)

                                                                                           Opening balance
                         Category                                    Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                    Amount            %             Amount               %   Carrying amount

                         Factoring of accounts receivable
                           for which provision for bad
                           debts is separately made
                         Factoring of accounts receivable
                           for which provision for bad
                           debts is made on a group basis   4,643,427,583.77      100.00                                      4,643,427,583.77
                         Including:
                         Bank acceptance notes              4,643,427,583.77      100.00                                      4,643,427,583.77


                         Total                              4,643,427,583.77      100.00                                     4,643,427,583.77


                  3.     Factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the period

                         There was no factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the period

                  4.     Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the period but not mature at the balance sheet
                         date

                                                                                                             Amount            Amount not
                                                                                                      derecognised           derecognised
                                                                                                          at the end             at the end
                         Item                                                                          of the period          of the period

                         Bank acceptance notes                                                     6,105,626,943.12


                         Total                                                                     6,105,626,943.12




98
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (6)   Receivables Financing — Continued

            5.      Factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the period

                    There was no factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the period

      (7)   Other receivables

            Item                                                                           Closing balance      Opening balance

            Dividends receivable                                                                                       89,630.21
            Other receivables                                                                  153,261,651.26     145,714,495.24


            Total                                                                              153,261,651.26     145,804,125.45


            7.1     Dividends receivable

                    1.     Classification of dividends receivable

                           Investees                                                       Closing balance      Opening balance

                           SANPAK ENGINEERING INDUSTRIES                                                               89,630.21


                           Total                                                                                       89,630.21


                    2.     At the end of the period, the Group did not have any significant amount of dividends receivable aged
                           over 1 year.

            7.2     Other receivables

                    1.     Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                               Book value as    Book value as at
                                                                                                   at the end     the beginning
                           Nature of the amount                                                 of the period      of the period

                           Security deposit                                                     81,633,785.05      92,707,932.31
                           Refund of tax for exports                                                                6,920,930.95
                           Other current account                                               160,903,474.38     181,056,905.05


                           Total                                                               242,537,259.43     280,685,768.31




                                                                                                                                   99
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (7)    Other receivables — Continued

               7.2    Other receivables — Continued

                      2.    Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                                                  Book value as
                                                                                                                                      at the end
                            Ageing                                                                                                 of the period

                            Within three months                                                                                   102,534,488.71
                            Over three months but within six months                                                                14,058,841.77
                            Over six months but within one year                                                                    21,006,305.12
                            Over one year                                                                                         104,937,623.83


                            Total                                                                                                 242,537,259.43


                      3.    Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                                 First stage         Second stage             Third stage
                                                               Expected credit      Lifetime expected      Lifetime expected
                                                                     loss in the   credit loss (without       credit loss (with
                            Provision for bad debts             next 12 months     credit impairment)     credit impairment)                Total

                            Balance as at 1 January 2024           1,576,447.61        122,225,464.14           11,169,361.32      134,971,273.07
                            During the period, the book
                              balance of other receivables
                              as at 1 January 2024                             –                     –                       –                  –
                              – transferred to second stage        -1,232,586.54          1,232,586.54
                              – transferred to third stage
                              – reversed to second stage
                              – reversed to first stage
                            Provision for the period               3,414,584.91           1,512,773.95                               4,927,358.86
                            Reversal for the period                  310,644.98          37,198,370.73                              37,509,015.71
                            Written-off for the period
                            Charge-off for the period
                            Other changes                             -87,608.95        -13,026,399.10                             -13,114,008.05
                            Balance as at 30 June 2024             3,360,192.05         74,746,054.80          11,169,361.32       89,275,608.17


                            Note 1: The amount of other changes arises from the translation of the amount of provision for bad debts in the
                                     foreign currency statements of foreign subsidiaries using spot exchange rates at the balance sheet date.


                            Note 2: Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments since its
                                     initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the expected credit loss
                                     of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.




100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (7)   Other receivables — Continued

            7.2   Other receivables — Continued

                  4.     Provision for bad debts of other receivables that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current
                         period

                                                                                        Changes during the period
                                                         Opening                         Recoveries     Write-off or  Changes in               Closing
                         Category                        balance           Provision     or reversals   charge-off exchange rate              balance

                         Ageing analysis method      89,113,107.02      3,414,584.91   11,270,609.98                       -87,608.95     81,169,473.00
                         Receivables from related
                           parties                   23,555,199.92                     22,768,882.27                      -515,066.09        271,251.56
                         Other account payments      22,302,966.13      1,512,773.95    3,469,523.46                   -12,511,333.01      7,834,883.61


                         Total                      134,971,273.07     4,927,358.86    37,509,015.71                  -13,114,008.05     89,275,608.17


                         Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the period.


                  5.     Other receivables actually written off

                         There were no other receivables actually written off for the period.

                  6.     Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                    Percentage
                                                                                                                        of total
                                                                                                                        closing
                                                                                                                       balance           Provision for
                                                                                                                        of other           bad debts
                                                                           Closing                                  receivables              Closing
                         No.          Nature of the amount                balance       Ageing                               (%)            balance

                         Top 1        Security deposit               35,000,000.00      Over one year                      14.43        35,000,000.00
                         Top 2        Other current account           8,204,591.30      Within three months                 3.38
                         Top 3        Other current account           7,500,000.00      Over one year                       3.09         7,500,000.00
                         Top 4        Other current account           4,611,503.56      Within three months                 1.90
                         Top 5        Security deposit                3,835,019.41      Within three months                 1.58


                         Total        –                              59,151,114.27      –                                 24.38         42,500,000.00




                                                                                                                                                      101
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (8)    Prepayment

               1.     Ageing of prepayments

                                                              Closing balance                         Opening balance
                      Item                                      Amount                  %               Amount                   %

                      Within one year                     369,717,065.78             98.98        386,713,010.82             99.40
                      Over one year                         3,822,252.00              1.02          2,353,263.34              0.60


                      Total                              373,539,317.78           100.00         389,066,274.16             100.00


                      The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with ageing of over one year as at the end of the
                      period.

               2.     Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                      The total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted to RMB159,219,085.60,
                      accounting for 42.62% of total closing balance of prepayments.

        (9)    Inventories

               1.     Classification of inventories

                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                                              Provision for
                      Item                                             Book value        declines in value     Carrying amount

                      Raw materials                               1,166,551,195.64           37,546,065.48         1,129,005,130.16
                      Works in progress                             668,996,008.60            1,734,377.84           667,261,630.76
                      Finished goods                              4,891,467,683.97           36,381,083.71         4,855,086,600.26


                      Total                                      6,727,014,888.21            75,661,527.03     6,651,353,361.18


                      (continued)

                                                                                       Opening balance
                                                                                              Provision for
                      Item                                             Book value        declines in value     Carrying amount

                      Raw materials                               1,299,765,277.95           32,551,279.20         1,267,213,998.75
                      Works in progress                             705,502,423.53            6,035,772.16           699,466,651.37
                      Finished goods                              4,863,238,690.81           55,315,902.93         4,807,922,787.88


                      Total                                      6,868,506,392.29            93,902,954.29     6,774,603,438.00




102
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (9)    Inventories — Continued

             2.      Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                 Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                                                  Opening                          Changes in     Reversed or        Changes in           Closing
                     Item                         balance           Provision   exchange rate       written-off   exchange rate          balance

                     Raw materials            32,551,279.20      9,794,296.47                    4,748,615.95         50,894.24      37,546,065.48
                     Works in progress         6,035,772.16        734,657.29                    4,891,928.72        144,122.89       1,734,377.84
                     Finished goods           55,315,902.93     42,269,123.28                   60,803,281.39        400,661.11      36,381,083.71


                     Total                   93,902,954.29    52,798,077.04                     70,443,826.06        595,678.24     75,661,527.03


             3.      Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or write-off during the
                     year

                                                                                                              Reasons for the write-off of
                                                              Basis of the provision for declines         provision for declines in value of
                     Item                                           in value of inventories                 inventories during the period

                     Raw materials
                                                                  The lower of the cost and net               Removal due to sales and
                     Works in progress
                                                                        realizable value                     consumption for production
                     Finished goods


      (10)   Non-current assets due within one year

             Item                                                                                 Closing balance          Opening balance

             Time deposits and interest due within one year                                        2,932,812,972.23            3,641,708,361.11


             Total                                                                                2,932,812,972.23          3,641,708,361.11


      (11)   Other current assets

             Item                                                                                 Closing balance          Opening balance

             Term deposit and interest                                                                15,697,786.47               428,942,015.90
             Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                          685,678,855.70               773,825,888.41
             Prepaid expenses and others                                                             243,188,241.84               208,420,295.59


             Total                                                                                  944,564,884.01          1,411,188,199.90


             Note:   Time deposits maturing within one year held by the Group for investment are presented under other current assets, but not
                     recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                                                                 103
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

                 (12)            Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                             Movements in the current period
                                                                                                        Gains or losses
                                           Opening       Provision for                                from investment       Adjustment or                                                                                  Closing         Opening
                                           balance       impairment                                        recognised               other                       Declaration of    Provision for     Changes in            balance        balance of
                                          (Carrying         Opening         Increase in   Decrease in             using    comprehensive       Other change     cash dividend     impairment         exchange            (Carrying      impairment
  Investees                                amount)          balance         investment     investment equity method               income            in equity         or profit          made             rate            amount)         provision


  I. Joint ventures
      Hisense Marketing
        Management Co., Ltd.       49,708,956.80                                                            7,917,434.22                                                                                             57,626,391.02
      Qingdao Hisense Global Asia
        Holding Co., Ltd.          24,044,123.64                                                           -1,817,799.54       708,859.43                                                                             22,935,183.53
  Subtotal                        73,753,080.44                                                            6,099,634.68        708,859.43                                                                            80,561,574.55
  II. Associates
      Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
        Holdings Co., Ltd.        406,595,770.08                                                            8,961,872.90                                                                                            415,557,642.98
      Qingdao Hisense
         International Marketing
         Co., Ltd.                    192,692,420.64                                                       54,505,100.11    -12,969,556.11       1,027,488.52    66,249,200.00                                      169,006,253.16
       Qingdao Hisense Intel igent
         Electronics Co., Ltd.                                            98,000,000.00                      304,210.56                         -1,400,430.66                                                        96,903,779.90
       Associates of Sanden
         Corporation                  998,323,846.30                       4,656,996.90    204,723.80     123,250,282.82        513,124.24                                                         -14,141,061.76 1,112,398,464.70
  Subtotal                         1,597,612,037.02                      102,656,996.90    204,723.80    187,021,466.39     -12,456,431.87        -372,942.14   66,249,200.00                     -14,141,061.76 1,793,866,140.74
  III. Others
       Jiangxi Kelon Combine
         Electrical Appliances
         Co., Ltd.                                       11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                                 11,000,000.00
  Subtotal                                              11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                                 11,000,000.00


  Total                            1,671,365,117.46     11,000,000.00    102,656,996.90    204,723.80    193,121,101.07     -11,747,572.44        -372,942.14   66,249,200.00                     -14,141,061.76 1,874,427,715.29     11,000,000.00


                                 Notes:


                                 1.             As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has been declared in liquidation, it
                                                has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and impairment has been fully provided for the investment
                                                cost.


                                 2.             Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly Qingdao Hisense Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.) is hereinafter referred to as
                                                “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.


                                 3.             Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Global Asia Holding”.


                                 4.             Hisense Marketing Management Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Marketing Management”.


                                 5.             Hisense International Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.


                                 6.             Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronics Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Intelligent Electronics”.


                                 7.             As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were unlisted companies.




104
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (12)   Long-term equity investments — Continued

             Including:

             Item                                                              Closing balance      Opening balance

             Unlisted investments:
             Equity method                                                      1,874,427,715.29     1,671,365,117.46
             Including: Joint ventures                                             80,561,574.55        73,753,080.44
                        Associate                                               1,793,866,140.74     1,597,612,037.02


             Total                                                             1,874,427,715.29     1,671,365,117.46


      (13)   Other equity investment

             1.      Other equity investment

                     Item                                                      Closing balance      Opening balance

                     Non-trading equity investments                                 42,241,420.23      40,244,766.96


                     Total                                                          42,241,420.23      40,244,766.96


      (14)   Other non-current financial assets

             Item                                                              Closing balance      Opening balance

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  21,783,603.25      27,197,809.69


             Total                                                                  21,783,603.25      27,197,809.69




                                                                                                                    105
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (15)   Investment properties

               1.     Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                              Buildings and
                      Item                                                        structures               Land                 Total

                      I. Original carrying amount
                           1. Opening balance                                 269,143,187.31      37,924,071.00      307,067,258.31
                           2. Increase for the period                         120,443,425.71                         120,443,425.71
                              (1) Addition                                    108,586,786.47                         108,586,786.47
                              (2) Other                                        11,856,639.24                          11,856,639.24
                           3. Decrease for the period                                             11,856,639.24       11,856,639.24
                              (1) Disposal
                              (2) Other                                                            11,856,639.24       11,856,639.24
                           4. Effect of exchange rate movement                 -10,880,938.42     -14,072,275.94      -24,953,214.36
                           5. Closing balance                                 378,705,674.60       11,995,155.82     390,700,830.42
                      II. Accumulated depreciation and
                           accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance                                 128,402,894.01         681,641.00      129,084,535.01
                           2. Increase for the period                          10,780,886.52          18,248.00       10,799,134.52
                              (1) Provision or amortisation                    10,780,886.52          18,248.00       10,799,134.52
                           3. Decrease for the period
                              (1) Disposal
                           4. Effect of exchange rate movement                  -5,077,692.63                          -5,077,692.63
                           5. Closing balance                                 134,106,087.90         699,889.00      134,805,976.90
                      III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance
                           2. Increase for the period
                           3. Decrease for the period
                           4. Closing balance
                      IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Closing carrying amount                         244,599,586.70      11,295,266.82      255,894,853.52
                           2. Opening carrying amount                         140,740,293.30      37,242,430.00      177,982,723.30


               2.     Investment properties without ownership certificates

                      Item                      Carrying amount      Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                      Mee King Building                689,725.19    Due to historical reasons; in the process of application




106
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (16)   Fixed assets

                                                                                                                                            Closing                            Opening
             Item                                                                                                                  carrying amount                     carrying amount

             Fixed assets                                                                                                           5,480,712,470.66                    5,662,566,792.19
             Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                                   2,695,760.44                          345,709.84


             Total                                                                                                                 5,483,408,231.10                    5,662,912,502.03


             16.1    Fixed assets

                     1.     Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                                   Electronic
                                                                                                                                                  equipment,
                                                                                                      Buildings and      Machinery and            appliances      Transportation
                            Item                                                           Land           structures        equipment            and furniture       equipment                 Total

                            I. Original carrying amount
                                 1. Opening balance                              327,133,888.08     3,990,154,356.71     5,569,616,652.38     3,496,673,038.66    78,132,300.88 13,461,710,236.71
                                 2. Increase for the period                          747,946.20         41,678,730.30      318,219,764.51         59,358,779.29    7,950,255.84     427,955,476.14
                                    (1) Addition                                     747,946.20          3,143,714.09        92,482,786.72        50,449,577.17    6,685,576.60     153,509,600.78
                                    (2) Transfer from construction in progress                          38,535,016.21      225,736,977.79          8,909,202.12    1,264,679.24     274,445,875.36
                                 3. Decrease for the period                                             20,898,670.27      101,727,053.58         91,452,552.83    2,011,950.87     216,090,227.55
                                    (1) Disposal or retirement                                          20,898,670.27      101,727,053.58         91,452,552.83    2,011,950.87     216,090,227.55
                                 4. Effect of exchange rate movement               -1,462,103.83       -49,940,831.52       -92,131,246.51       -37,121,477.14      -672,334.33   -181,327,993.33
                                 5. Closing balance                              326,419,730.45    3,960,993,585.22     5,693,978,116.80     3,427,457,787.98     83,398,271.52 13,492,247,491.97
                            II. Accumulated depreciation
                                 1. Opening balance                                                 1,713,488,070.20     2,980,089,516.29     2,787,475,233.45    34,846,453.32     7,515,899,273.26
                                 2. Increase for the period                                             94,737,164.12      262,951,398.29       102,713,537.52     4,368,923.87       464,771,023.80
                                    (1) Provision                                                       94,737,164.12      262,951,398.29       102,713,537.52     4,368,923.87       464,771,023.80
                                 3. Decrease for the period                                              9,092,266.70        80,054,518.34        83,518,229.93    1,672,464.84       174,337,479.81
                                    (1) Disposal or retirement                                           9,092,266.70        80,054,518.34        83,518,229.93    1,672,464.84       174,337,479.81
                                 4. Effect of exchange rate movement                                   -15,826,935.96       -26,788,639.83       -12,554,448.52      -642,913.29       -55,812,937.60
                                 5. Closing balance                                                1,783,306,031.66     3,136,197,756.41     2,794,116,092.52     36,899,999.06    7,750,519,879.65
                            III. Provision for impairment
                                 1. Opening balance                                                     9,076,269.26      181,662,476.78         92,113,523.45        391,901.77     283,244,171.26
                                 2. Increase for the period                                                                                          123,683.43                           123,683.43
                                    (1) Provision                                                                                                    123,683.43                           123,683.43
                                 3. Decrease for the period                                              278,282.45         1,210,166.02              88,957.26                         1,577,405.73
                                    (1) Disposal or retirement                                           278,282.45         1,210,166.02              88,957.26                         1,577,405.73
                                 4. Effect of exchange rate movement                                                      -11,048,169.03          -9,684,855.12       -42,283.15      -20,775,307.30
                                 5. Closing balance                                                    8,797,986.81      169,404,141.73         82,463,394.50        349,618.62     261,015,141.66
                            IV. Carrying amount
                                 1. Closing carrying amount                      326,419,730.45    2,168,889,566.75     2,388,376,218.66      550,878,300.96      46,148,653.84    5,480,712,470.66
                                 2. Opening carrying amount                       327,133,888.08    2,267,590,017.25     2,407,864,659.31      617,084,281.76      42,893,945.79    5,662,566,792.19




                                                                                                                                                                                                   107
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (16)   Fixed assets — Continued

               16.1   Fixed assets — Continued

                      2.      Fixed assets leased out under operating lease

                                                                                                                                Closing
                              Item                                                                                     carrying amount

                              Building or structures                                                                      209,393,173.73
                              Machinery and equipment, etc.                                                                 4,487,907.54
                              Transportation equipment                                                                        101,886.69


                              Total                                                                                      213,982,967.96


                      3.      Fixed assets without ownership certificates

                              Item                Carrying amount           Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                              Building or            269,358,913.52         Transferred to fixed assets on achieving scheduled
                                structures                                    availability and in the process of application for
                                                                              ownership certificates


                      4.      Impairment test of fixed assets

                              Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                                                Carrying            Recoverable              Impairment
                              Item                                               amount                 amount                  amount

                              Electronic equipment,
                                appliances and furniture                      164,186.00               40,502.57              123,683.43


                              Total                                           164,186.00               40,502.57              123,683.43


                              The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of a fixed asset for which
                              there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and recognised on an individual
                              asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of the market price in fair transactions,
                              or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair value of the asset is estimated on the basis
                              of the best available information. Disposal costs include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling
                              fees related to the disposal of assets and direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a saleable
                              condition. The Group determines the fair value mainly by reference to the replacement cost and
                              depreciation rate of equipment.

               16.2   Disposal of fixed assets

                      Item                                                                     Closing balance        Opening balance

                      Disposal of fixed assets                                                      2,695,760.44              345,709.84


                      Total                                                                         2,695,760.44              345,709.84




108
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (17)   Construction in progress

             Item                                                                                                                                          Closing balance                       Opening balance

             Construction in progress                                                                                                                         475,282,487.05                           443,523,694.21


             Total                                                                                                                                           475,282,487.05                        443,523,694.21


             1.      Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                                                           Closing balance                                                                      Opening balance
                                                                                                     Provision for                  Carrying                                           Provision for                   Carrying
                     Item                                               Book value                   impairment                      amount                   Book value               impairment                       amount

                     Air-conditioning
                       infrastructure construction                       358,800.00                                               358,800.00                  358,800.00                                              358,800.00
                     Refrigerator production
                       line project                                    3,486,893.28                                            3,486,893.28                  3,076,052.62                                         3,076,052.62
                     Staff apartment project                                                                                                               103,176,525.50                                       103,176,525.50
                     Refrigerator production
                       line expansion project                        17,047,256.56                                           17,047,256.56                  11,766,283.11                                        11,766,283.11
                     Others                                         497,112,056.19                  42,722,518.98           454,389,537.21                 373,076,538.74             47,930,505.76             325,146,032.98


                     Total                                         518,005,006.03               42,722,518.98               475,282,487.05             491,454,199.97                47,930,505.76             443,523,694.21


             2.      Movements in key constructions in progress during the period


                                                                                        Increase          Decrease during the period                                           Accumulative
                                                                       Opening            during        Transferred to          Other           Closing                        contribution in                         Source of
                     Name of construction                              balance        the period          fixed assets       decrease          balance              Budget       budget (%)            Progress (%)    funding

                     Air-conditioning infrastructure construction     358,800.00                                                              358,800.00      433,753,816.31            87.22                87.22     Self funding
                     Refrigerator production line project           3,076,052.62       410,840.66                                           3,486,893.28      767,677,318.00            88.41                88.41     Self funding
                     Staff apartment project                      103,176,525.50     5,244,888.00                        108,421,413.50                       112,446,477.77            96.42               100.00     Self funding
                     Refrigerator production line expansion
                       project                                     11,766,283.11    14,227,876.10        8,946,902.65                      17,047,256.56       30,518,000.00            85.18                85.18     Self funding
                     Others                                       373,076,538.74   397,010,243.31      265,498,972.71      7,475,753.15   497,112,056.19                                                               Self funding


                     Total                                       491,454,199.97 416,893,848.07 274,445,875.36 115,897,166.65 518,005,006.03 1,344,395,612.08                                –                    –     –


                     Note:         All construction in progress of the Company were self-funded, without capitalisation of borrowing cost and interest.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   109
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (18)   Right-of-use assets

                                                                            Buildings      Machinery,
                                                                                 and       equipment
               Item                                                        structures      and others               Total

               I. Original carrying amount
                    1. Opening balance                                 299,984,465.58    47,126,238.56     347,110,704.14
                    2. Increase for the period                           56,251,080.05    2,535,083.08       58,786,163.13
                       (1) Rental                                        56,251,080.05    2,535,083.08       58,786,163.13
                    3. Decrease for the period                           16,860,849.68                       16,860,849.68
                       (1) Disposal                                      16,860,849.68                       16,860,849.68
                    4. Effect of exchange rate movement                 -12,092,404.69    -2,721,677.57     -14,814,082.26
                    5. Closing balance                                327,282,291.26     46,939,644.07    374,221,935.33
               II. Accumulated depreciation
                    1. Opening balance                                 154,515,053.62    22,943,140.68     177,458,194.30
                    2. Increase for the period                           34,516,795.64    4,426,335.04       38,943,130.68
                       (1) Provision                                     34,516,795.64    4,426,335.04       38,943,130.68
                    3. Decrease for the period                           14,313,903.48                       14,313,903.48
                       (1) Disposal                                      14,313,903.48                       14,313,903.48
                    4. Effect of exchange rate movement                 -11,149,004.35    -2,543,455.55     -13,692,459.90
                    5. Closing balance                                163,568,941.43     24,826,020.17    188,394,961.60
               III. Provision for impairment
                    1. Opening balance                                      49,158.53       224,530.44         273,688.97
                    2. Increase for the period
                       (1) Provision
                    3. Decrease for the period
                       (1) Disposal
                    4. Effect of exchange rate movement                     -5,360.02        -24,481.80        -29,841.82
                    5. Closing balance                                     43,798.51        200,048.64        243,847.15
               IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Closing carrying amount                        163,669,551.32     21,913,575.26    185,583,126.58
                    2. Opening carrying amount                         145,420,253.43     23,958,567.44    169,378,820.87




110
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (19)   Intangible assets

             1.     Breakdown of intangible assets

                    Item                              Land use rights   Trademark rights      Know-how      Sales channels           Others                Total

                    I. Original carrying amount
                         1. Opening balance          1,065,778,734.06     660,643,862.44   91,147,370.55    794,759,590.57   515,646,165.53    3,127,975,723.15
                         2. Increase for the period                                         1,107,882.00                      49,806,959.41       50,914,841.41
                            (1) Additions                                                   1,107,882.00                      49,806,959.41       50,914,841.41
                         3. Decrease for the period                                                                            7,112,129.43        7,112,129.43
                            (1) Disposal                                                                                       7,112,129.43        7,112,129.43
                         4. Effect of exchange rate
                            movement                     3,968,087.62                         -162,247.08                      -9,728,621.25       -5,922,780.71
                         5. Closing balance         1,069,746,821.68     660,643,862.44    92,093,005.47    794,759,590.57   548,612,374.26    3,165,855,654.42
                    II. Accumulated amortisation
                         1. Opening balance            339,347,507.40     263,274,752.40   55,780,477.04    405,839,072.08   361,940,490.55    1,426,182,299.47
                         2. Increase for the period     11,514,074.86         650,000.00    2,795,268.13     48,020,282.98    20,978,024.38       83,957,650.35
                            (1) Provision               11,514,074.86         650,000.00    2,795,268.13     48,020,282.98    20,978,024.38       83,957,650.35
                         3. Decrease for the period                                                                            6,780,252.71        6,780,252.71
                            (1) Disposal                                                                                       6,780,252.71        6,780,252.71
                         4. Effect of exchange rate
                            movement                      -122,831.46                          -92,495.72                      -2,064,160.29       -2,279,487.47
                         5. Closing balance           350,738,750.80     263,924,752.40    58,483,249.45    453,859,355.06   374,074,101.93    1,501,080,209.64
                    III. Provision for impairment
                         1. Opening balance             50,012,843.19     286,061,116.40                                      23,863,536.94      359,937,496.53
                         2. Increase for the period
                            (1) Provision
                         3. Decrease for the period
                            (1) Disposal
                         4. Effect of exchange rate
                            movement                                                                                           -2,601,972.88      -2,601,972.88
                         5. Closing balance            50,012,843.19     286,061,116.40                                       21,261,564.06     357,335,523.65
                    IV. Carrying amount
                         1. Closing carrying
                            amount                    668,995,227.69     110,657,993.64    33,609,756.02    340,900,235.51   153,276,708.27    1,307,439,921.13
                         2. Opening carrying
                            amount                     676,418,383.47     111,307,993.64   35,366,893.51    388,920,518.49   129,842,138.04    1,341,855,927.15




                                                                                                                                                               111
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (19)   Intangible assets — Continued

               2.     There were no land use rights whose certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of the period

               3.     Impairment testing of intangible assets

                      As of 30 June 2024, the useful life of the trademark rights. The Group can apply for extension of the trademark
                      rights at a lower fee upon the expiration of the protection period of the trademark rights, and the trademark
                      rights will bring economic benefits to the Group during the operation period based on the comprehensive
                      judgment of the product life cycle and market conditions.

                      The Company calculated the cash flows generated from the trademark rights using the relief from royalty
                      method, and therefore the recoverable amount was estimated based on the trademark rights assets, which
                      is determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows. The Company predicted Income
                      growth rate and prepared net profit and cash flow forecasts for the next 5 years according to the principle
                      of prudence based on historical actual operating data, long-term planning, signed contracts and other
                      data, combined with market capacity growth rate, market share and external competition and other factors,
                      assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years.

                      According to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of these trademark rights at
                      the end of the period and no provision for impairment was made.




112
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (20)   Goodwill

             1.    Original value of goodwill

                                                               Opening    Increase during Decrease during                Closing
                   Name of investees                           balance         the period      the period               balance

                   Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                     Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.      132,571,746.36                                           132,571,746.36
                   Sanden Corporation                     93,837,131.40                                            93,837,131.40


                   Total                                226,408,877.76                                           226,408,877.76


             2.    Impairment provision for goodwill

                   After testing, the Company’s management estimated that no impairment provision for goodwill was required
                   during the Reporting Period.

             3.    Relevant information on the asset group or portfolio to which goodwill belongs

                   The goodwill formed by the Company’s acquisition of Hisense Hitachi is reflected in the operation of air
                   conditioning business asset group of Hisense Hitachi on the acquisition date. Since it can generate cash flow
                   independently, the Company regards development, design, manufacturing and sales of air-conditioning
                   products of Hisense Hitachi as an individual asset group and allocated the goodwill of RMB132,571,746.36 to
                   the asset group.

                   The goodwill formed by the Company’s acquisition of Sanden Company is reflected in the related business
                   asset group of Sanden Company at the acquisition date. Since it can generate cash flow independently, the
                   Company regards development, design, manufacturing, and sales of related products of Sanden Company as
                   an asset group and allocated the goodwill of RMB93,837,131.40 to the asset group.

             4.    Specify test procedure, parameters of impairment of goodwill as well as recognition method for
                   impairment loss

                   The recoverable amount of asset group containing goodwill is determined based on the present value
                   of expected future cash flows. The Company predicted revenue growth rate and gross profit margin and
                   prepared net profit and cash flow forecasts for the next 5 years based on historical actual operating data,
                   long-term planning, signed contracts and other data, combined with market capacity growth rate, market
                   share and external competition and other factors, assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5
                   years.

                   According to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of the goodwill at the end of
                   the period and no provision for impairment was made.




                                                                                                                                113
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (21)   Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                    Increase                             Other      Effect of
                                                     Opening          during    Amortization       deductions     changes in            Closing
               Item                                  balance      the period   for the period   for the period exchange rate           balance

               Long-term prepaid expenses       40,734,232.78   9,851,140.85   11,309,027.86                     -1,068,008.52    38,208,337.25


               Total                           40,734,232.78    9,851,140.85   11,309,027.86                     -1,068,008.52    38,208,337.25


        (22)   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

               1.      Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                         Closing balance                           Opening balance
                                                                     Deductible                                Deductible
                                                                     temporary              Deferred           temporary               Deferred
                       Item                                           difference           tax assets           difference            tax assets

                       Provision for impairment of assets         292,731,534.12       59,639,878.99        334,544,586.58        69,407,745.06
                       Accrued expenses                         4,823,587,759.73      956,795,868.99      5,213,201,415.36       952,917,557.88
                       Others                                   1,150,550,120.81      231,165,151.75      1,042,708,500.77       204,484,349.27


                       Total                                    6,266,869,414.66    1,247,600,899.73      6,590,454,502.71   1,226,809,652.21


               2.      Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                                         Closing balance                           Opening balance
                                                                        Taxable                                   Taxable
                                                                      temporary             Deferred            temporary              Deferred
                       Item                                           difference        tax liabilities         difference         tax liabilities

                       Accelerated depreciation                   556,479,003.48       88,480,265.59        508,897,224.91        80,973,714.15
                       Transactional financial assets              93,956,437.35       23,489,799.34         69,225,594.91        17,181,198.73
                       Asset appraisal appreciation due to
                          business combination involving
                          entities not under common control       262,223,707.85       46,676,927.04        253,062,239.80        49,463,778.67
                       Others                                     417,336,978.25      121,933,887.79        384,983,049.80       112,029,824.75


                       Total                                    1,329,996,126.93      280,580,879.76      1,216,168,109.42       259,648,516.30




114
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (22)   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities — Continued

             3.      Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                                                                                      Deferred                Opening
                                                                   Deferred tax                                      tax assets               balance
                                                                    assets and        Closing balance            and liabilities           of deferred
                                                                liabilities offset      of deferred tax        offset amounts               tax assets
                                                                amounts at the       assets or liabilities   at the beginning             or liabilities
                     Item                                     end of the period         after offsetting         of the period         after offsetting

                     Deferred tax assets                         109,537,323.64        1,138,063,576.09          101,213,141.47      1,125,596,510.74
                     Deferred tax liabilities                    109,537,323.64          171,043,556.12          101,213,141.47        158,435,374.83


      (23)   Other non-current assets

             Item                                                                                      Closing balance             Opening balance

             Term deposit and interest                                                                  9,561,028,333.33            9,750,910,000.02
             Others                                                                                       186,652,346.86              128,465,091.43


             Total                                                                                     9,747,680,680.19            9,879,375,091.45


             Note:   Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-current assets, but
                     not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.


      (24)   Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use

                                                                                      As at the end of the period
                                                                                        Carrying        Type of
             Item                                        Book balance                    amount         restrictions          Restrictions

             Cash at bank and on hand                  2,469,755,190.94       2,469,755,190.94          Security deposit      Deposit for issuing
                                                                                                                                 bank acceptance
                                                                                                                                 bills and other
                                                                                                                                 security deposit
             Notes receivable                            161,616,335.32         161,616,335.32          Pledge                Pledge to issue bank
                                                                                                                                 acceptance bills
             Fixed assets                                163,070,464.32         148,245,876.66          Mortgage              For a loan
             Inventories                                 130,642,621.18         130,642,621.18          Mortgage              For a loan
             Accounts receivable                         129,673,591.62         129,673,591.62          Mortgage              For a loan


             Total                                    3,054,758,203.38 3,039,933,615.72                 –                     –




                                                                                                                                                       115
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (25)   Short-term borrowings

               1.      Classification of short-term borrowings

                       Types of borrowings                                                  Closing balance       Opening balance

                       Credit borrowings                                                       102,501,191.47         121,475,530.12
                       Guaranteed borrowings                                                 2,174,266,800.00       2,358,953,905.88
                       Secured borrowings                                                       31,353,786.01          21,888,878.58


                       Total                                                                2,308,121,777.48       2,502,318,314.58


               2.      There are no overdue short-term borrowings as at the end of the period.

        (26)   Transactional financial liabilities

               Item                                                                         Closing balance       Opening balance

               Transactional financial liabilities                                               29,957,785.68         54,355,584.93
               Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                       29,957,785.68         54,355,584.93


               Total                                                                             29,957,785.68        54,355,584.93


               Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

               They mainly represent the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized as transactional
               financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the outstanding forward contracts
               and the forward exchange rates at the end of the period.

        (27)   Notes payable

               Categories of notes                                                          Closing balance       Opening balance

               Bank acceptance notes                                                        11,224,490,932.57       9,101,350,361.29
               Commercial acceptance notes                                                   6,265,792,808.90       5,507,079,017.45


               Total                                                                       17,490,283,741.47      14,608,429,378.74


               Note:   There were no overdue notes payable as at the end of the period.




116
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (28)   Accounts payable

             1.      Ageing analysis of accounts payable based on the date of recognition is as follows:

                     Ageing                                                                Closing balance       Opening balance

                     Within one year                                                       12,202,968,998.18      12,007,211,767.15
                     Over one year                                                             37,866,367.76          42,665,465.05


                     Total                                                                12,240,835,365.94      12,049,877,232.20


             2.      The Group had no significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue as at the end of the period.

      (29)   Advances from customers

             Category                                                                      Closing balance       Opening balance

             Rent received in advance                                                           3,170,588.32           3,833,256.75


             Total                                                                             3,170,588.32            3,833,256.75


      (30)   Contractual liabilities

             1.      Contract liability

                     Item                                                                  Closing balance       Opening balance

                     Advance on sales                                                       1,330,234,950.50       1,440,254,499.57


                     Total                                                                 1,330,234,950.50       1,440,254,499.57


             2.      The Group had no significant contract liability aged over one year as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                  117
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (31)   Employee remunerations payable

               1.    Classification of employee remunerations payable

                                                                                  Increase          Decrease          Effect of
                                                              Opening               during             during       changes in              Closing
                     Item                                     balance           the period         the period    exchange rate             balance

                     Short-term remuneration           1,371,370,657.43   4,515,210,736.02   4,777,573,280.17     -16,067,741.42    1,092,940,371.86
                     Post-employment benefits –
                        defined contribution plans         1,968,535.48     231,720,441.61     231,491,697.00        -132,633.64        2,064,646.45
                     Termination benefits                    476,958.68      12,339,396.28      12,465,697.27                             350,657.69


                     Total                             1,373,816,151.59   4,759,270,573.91   5,021,530,674.44     -16,200,375.06    1,095,355,676.00


               2.    Short-term remuneration

                                                                                  Increase          Decrease          Effect of
                                                              Opening               during             during       changes in              Closing
                     Item                                     balance           the period         the period    exchange rate             balance

                     Salaries, bonuses, allowances
                       and subsidies                   1,324,851,984.81   4,036,229,796.53   4,305,610,603.86     -12,655,551.32    1,042,815,626.16
                     Staff welfare                        33,064,127.93     190,375,894.24     185,753,877.55       -2,523,927.48      35,162,217.14
                     Social insurance                      7,210,567.49     149,085,052.28     148,941,953.70         -761,754.19       6,591,911.88
                     Including: Medical insurance          5,799,422.25     139,194,274.26     139,028,240.97         -616,879.97       5,348,575.57
                                 Work-related injury
                                   insurance               1,382,276.73       9,595,610.39       9,618,685.97        -144,879.07        1,214,322.08
                                 Maternity insurance          28,868.51         295,167.63         295,026.76                4.85          29,014.23
                     Housing provident funds               3,352,735.86     115,360,983.99     115,150,003.28          -59,211.49       3,504,505.08
                     Labour union funds and
                       employee education funds            2,891,241.34      24,159,008.98      22,116,841.78         -67,296.94        4,866,111.60


                     Total                             1,371,370,657.43   4,515,210,736.02   4,777,573,280.17     -16,067,741.42    1,092,940,371.86


               3.    Defined contribution plans

                                                                                Increase          Decrease           Effect of
                                                             Opening              during             during        changes in              Closing
                     Item                                    balance          the period         the period     exchange rate             balance

                     Basic pension insurance             1,904,658.85     220,748,808.34     220,559,230.57        -129,044.37        1,965,192.25
                     Unemployment insurance                 63,876.63      10,971,633.27      10,932,466.43           -3,589.27          99,454.20


                     Total                               1,968,535.48     231,720,441.61     231,491,697.00        -132,633.64        2,064,646.45




118
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (32)   Taxes payable

             Item                                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

             Value-added tax                                                            187,728,346.41       129,595,207.99
             Enterprise income tax                                                      233,394,001.87       508,299,564.69
             Others                                                                     108,352,912.15       136,477,316.99


             Total                                                                     529,475,260.43       774,372,089.67


      (33)   Other payables

             Item                                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

             Dividends payable                                                        1,404,749,348.52        70,574,497.68
             Other payables                                                           4,848,984,621.52     4,600,099,516.52


             Total                                                                    6,253,733,970.04     4,670,674,014.20


             33.1    Dividends payable

                     Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Dividends on ordinary shares                                     1,404,749,348.52        70,574,497.68


                     Total                                                            1,404,749,348.52       70,574,497.68


             33.2    Other payables

                     1.      Classification of other payables by nature

                             Item                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

                             Current account                                          2,896,393,888.00     3,089,481,175.74
                             Deposit and margin                                       1,243,743,697.87     1,167,578,825.36
                             Payment for project and equipment                          708,847,035.65       343,039,515.42


                             Total                                                    4,848,984,621.52     4,600,099,516.52


                     2.      The Group had no significant other payables aged over one year or overdue as at the end of the
                             period.




                                                                                                                          119
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (34)   Non-current liabilities due within one year

               Item                                                                      Closing balance       Opening balance

               Long-term borrowings due within one year                                      17,932,320.82          15,204,736.26
               Lease liabilities due within one year                                         96,954,755.51         106,473,201.03


               Total                                                                       114,887,076.33         121,677,937.29


        (35)   Other current liabilities

               Item                            Closing balance    Opening balance Reasons for the balance

               Installation fees               1,650,066,509.04    1,268,994,692.74 Installation fee provided for but not yet paid
                                                                                       in respect of goods sold
               Sales discounts                 4,130,443,839.17    3,491,257,535.59 Incurred but not yet settled
               Others                          2,093,328,778.64    1,682,231,558.01 Incurred but not yet settled


               Total                           7,873,839,126.85   6,442,483,786.34


        (36)   Long-term borrowings

               Types of borrowings                                                       Closing balance       Opening balance

               Secured borrowings                                                            50,150,554.30          56,720,490.51
               Credit borrowings                                                              5,929,204.60           1,440,898.21
               Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                                17,932,320.82          15,204,736.26


               Total                                                                        38,147,438.08          42,956,652.46




120
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (37)   Lease liabilities

             Item                                                                             Closing balance    Opening balance

             Lease liabilities                                                                  179,233,775.57      208,946,083.77


             Total                                                                             179,233,775.57      208,946,083.77


      (38)   Long-term employee remunerations payable

             1.      Classification of long-term employee remunerations payable

                     Item                                                                     Closing balance    Opening balance

                     Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined benefit plans         104,309,750.48      105,961,766.83


                     Total                                                                     104,309,750.48      105,961,766.83


      (39)   Provisions

             Item                             Closing balance       Opening balance       Reason for occurrence

             Pending litigation                  105,273,432.45         115,479,065.21    Estimated litigation compensation
             Provision for warranties          1,002,860,764.39       1,017,020,555.28    Estimated quality guarantee of products
             Others                               95,343,958.80          97,467,969.25    Estimated other expenditures


             Total                            1,203,478,155.64       1,229,967,589.74     –




                                                                                                                                    121
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (40)   Deferred income

               1.      Classification of deferred income

                                                                                   Increase           Decrease         Effect of
                                                              Opening                during              during      changes in                   Closing     Reason for
                       Item                                   balance            the period          the period   exchange rate                  balance      occurrence

                       Government grants             149,189,343.53        19,122,040.00         16,417,164.46         -1,572,942.11       150,321,276.96     Amortization of
                                                                                                                                                                government
                                                                                                                                                                grants


                       Total                        149,189,343.53        19,122,040.00         16,417,164.46          -1,572,942.11       150,321,276.96     –


               2.      Government grants

                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                        Amount of        included in
                                                                     Opening           new grants     other income      Changes in                 Closing     Asset-related/
                       Government grant items                        balance        for the period    for the period exchange rate                balance      income-related

                       Industrial design development              5,000,000.00                                                                 5,000,000.00    Asset-related
                          promotion grant
                       State debenture projects for              21,450,000.00                                                                21,450,000.00    Asset-related
                          technical advancement and
                          industry upgrade
                       Transformation project on system           6,225,419.78                           690,597.42                            5,534,822.36    Asset-related
                          integration technology of green
                          supply chain of freezers
                       Technological transformation project       8,454,736.78         317,600.00       1,014,107.11                           7,758,229.67    Asset-related
                       Other related to assets                  107,659,186.97      18,804,440.00      14,712,459.93       -1,572,942.11     110,178,224.93    Asset-related
                       Other related to revenue                     400,000.00                                                                   400,000.00    Income-related


                       Total                                   149,189,343.53       19,122,040.00     16,417,164.46       -1,572,942.11 150,321,276.96


        (41)   Other non-current liabilities

               Item                                                                                                        Closing balance               Opening balance

               Long-term dividends payable                                                                                    581,488,159.22                  597,352,709.07
               Others                                                                                                          11,140,269.73                   15,534,662.94


               Total                                                                                                         592,628,428.95                   612,887,372.01




122
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (42)   Share capital

                                                                                        Change for the period (+,-)
                                                  Opening         Issue of                        Conversion Repurchase and                               Closing
             Item                                 balance      new shares      Bonus issue      from reserve    cancellation          Subtotal           balance

             Total shares                  1,387,935,370.00                                                           -768,000.00   -768,000.00   1,387,167,370.00


             During the period, the Company repurchased and cancelled 768,000.00 restricted shares that had been granted but
             not unlocked.

      (43)   Capital reserve

                                                                                                    Increase                  Decrease
                                                                             Opening                  during                     during               Closing
             Item                                                            balance              the period                 the period              balance

             Share premium                                        1,938,965,438.87           170,462,410.21            221,075,727.38     1,888,352,121.70
             Other capital reserve                                  176,442,279.18           150,088,906.27            166,443,489.77       160,087,695.68


             Total                                               2,115,407,718.05            320,551,316.48           387,519,217.15 2,048,439,817.38


             Notes:


             ①          The change in share capital premium is mainly due to:


                        Increase in share capital premium by RMB166,070,547.63 as a result of vesting of equity incentive plans;


                        The difference between the repurchase price and the grant price of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan reduced the equity
                        premium by RMB188,929,121.48;


                        Equity incentive expenses borne in proportion to the shareholdings of minority shareholders of the subsidiaries decreased by
                        RMB23,674,685.29 in equity premium;


                        The equity premium was reduced by RMB4,469,379.64 from equity transactions of subsidiaries;


                        Increase in share capital premium by RMB4,391,862.58 as a result of repurchase of minority interest;


                        Decrease in share capital premium by RMB3,974,378.34 as a result of cancallation of restricted shares;


             ②          Main reason for the change in other capital surplus:


                        Decrease in other capital reserve of RMB166,070,547.63 as a result of vesting of equity incentive plans.


                        Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased other capital surplus by
                        RMB133,605,508.33;


                        Increase in other capital reserves by RMB16,483,397.94 for deferred income tax assets recognised for share-based payment;


                        The equity method of accounting for other changes in the Company’s equity decreased other capital surplus by
                        RMB372,942.14.




                                                                                                                                                                 123
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (44)   Treasury shares

                                                                                                                                       Increase                     Decrease
                                                                                                         Opening                         during                        during                        Closing
               Item                                                                                      balance                     the period                    the period                       balance

               Treasury shares for share-based payment
                 incentive scheme – Granted                                                    220,545,726.98                 151,567,339.00                   122,161,407.28             249,951,658.70
               Treasury shares for share-based payment
                 incentive scheme – Not granted                                                   16,080,755.63               335,319,596.75                   340,496,460.48               10,903,891.90


               Total                                                                          236,626,482.61                 486,886,935.75                462,657,867.76                260,855,550.60


               Notes:


               Changes in treasury shares were primarily due to repurchases of shares from the market for use in equity incentive plans, repurchase
               obligations recognised in connection with the granting of equity incentive plans and repurchase obligations recognised in
               connection with adjustments to dividends.


        (45)   Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                  Amount for the period
                                                                                                           Less: Amount      Less: Amount
                                                                                                       included in other included in other
                                                                                                         comprehensive comprehensive
                                                                                                               income in        income in
                                                                                                                 previous previous period
                                                                                                              period and and transferred                                            Attributable
                                                                                       Amount before       transferred to      to retained                                           to minority
                                                                           Opening        income tax profit or loss in         earnings in      Less: income     Attributable to         interest          Closing
               Item                                                        balance      for the period current period current period             tax expense    parent after tax        after tax         balance

               1. Other comprehensive income that would
                  not be reclassified to profit or loss                30,599,299.53     1,599,904.77                                                              1,199,128.63       400,776.14     31,798,428.16
                  Including: Changes arising from re-
                                  measurement of defined
                                  benefit plan                         28,795,291.03      -277,220.47                                                               -207,776.74       -69,443.73     28,587,514.29
                             Changes in the fair value of other
                                equity instruments investment           1,804,008.50     1,877,125.24                                                              1,406,905.37       470,219.87      3,210,913.87
               2. Other comprehensive income that would
                  be reclassified to profit or loss                   196,398,520.21    73,165,933.33                                                             54,234,626.68    18,931,306.65    250,633,146.89
                  Including: Other comprehensive income that
                                  would be reclassified into profit
                                  or loss under equity method           1,979,835.73    -11,747,572.44                                                            -11,876,110.06      128,537.62      -9,896,274.33
                             Difference arising from translation of
                                financial statements presented in
                                foreign currency                      194,418,684.48    84,913,505.77                                                             66,110,736.74    18,802,769.03    260,529,421.22


               Total other comprehensive income                       226,997,819.74    74,765,838.10                                                            55,433,755.31     19,332,082.79    282,431,575.05




124
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (46)   Special reserves

                                                                                            Increase            Decrease
                                                                      Opening                 during               during               Closing
             Item                                                     balance             the period           the period              balance

             Safety production fee                                6,319,636.53        42,433,643.82         35,492,038.56        13,261,241.79


             Total                                                6,319,636.53        42,433,643.82        35,492,038.56         13,261,241.79


      (47)   Surplus reserves

                                                                                            Increase            Decrease
                                                                      Opening                 during               during               Closing
             Item                                                     balance             the period           the period              balance

             Statutory surplus reserve                          724,682,309.99                                                  724,682,309.99


             Total                                             724,682,309.99                                                  724,682,309.99


             Note:   The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as statutory surplus reserve. If the accumulated statutory surplus reserve
                     reaches more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be made.


      (48)   Undistributed profits

             Item                                                                                          The Period            Previous Year

             Balances at the end of the previous period                                            9,355,458,114.25          7,248,124,550.56
             Adjustment of total undistributed profits at the beginning
               of the period (increase +, decrease -)                                                                                116,160.71
             Including: Retroactive adjustment of “Business Accounting
               Standards” and related new regulations                                                                                116,160.71
             Correction for significant error in previous period
             Opening balance for the period                                                        9,355,458,114.25          7,248,240,711.27
             Add: Net profits attributable to owners of the parent company
               for the period                                                                       2,015,831,383.14          2,837,322,754.58
             Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                                                                    12,711,000.00
             Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                                   1,404,749,348.52            717,394,351.60


             Closing balance for the period                                                        9,966,540,148.87          9,355,458,114.25




                                                                                                                                                125
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (49)   Operating revenue and costs

               1.      Particulars of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                    Amount for the period               Amount for the previous period
                       Item                                         Revenue                 Cost             Revenue                   Cost

                       Principal operations                 43,533,451,261.12   33,423,079,419.82    38,703,106,875.81     29,688,988,010.28
                       Other operations                      5,108,222,113.67    4,868,595,981.23     4,240,868,743.57      4,009,127,338.06


                       Total                                48,641,673,374.79   38,291,675,401.05   42,943,975,619.38     33,698,115,348.34


               2.      Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                                       Amount for the period
                       Categories of contract                                                           Revenue                       Cost

                       Categories of product:
                       HVAC                                                                   22,767,026,154.35          16,144,839,288.88
                       Refrigerators and washing machines                                     14,692,881,715.23          12,138,574,879.46
                       Others                                                                  6,073,543,391.54           5,139,665,251.48
                       By operating regions:
                       Domestic                                                               25,328,122,655.20          17,243,837,527.05
                       Overseas                                                               18,205,328,605.92          16,179,241,892.77


                       Total                                                                 43,533,451,261.12           33,423,079,419.82


        (50)   Taxes and surcharges

                                                                                                      Amount for            Amount for the
               Item                                                                                    the period          previous period

               City maintenance and construction tax                                                73,640,794.64            86,214,726.80
               Education surcharges                                                                 43,441,530.29            56,428,786.69
               Others                                                                               99,791,151.10           156,269,470.29


               Total                                                                            216,873,476.03             298,912,983.78




126
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (51)   Sales expenses

                                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for the
             Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

             Sales expenses                                                                              4,959,752,440.46            4,492,848,251.67


             Total                                                                                      4,959,752,440.46            4,492,848,251.67


             Note:   In the first half of 2024, sales expenses mainly include after-sale expenses, publicity and promotion, end employee
                     compensation, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 70% (first half of 2023: over 70%).


      (52)   Management expenses

                                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for the
             Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

             Management expenses                                                                         1,199,136,901.69            1,024,738,874.90


             Total                                                                                      1,199,136,901.69            1,024,738,874.90


             Note:   In the first half of 2024, management expenses mainly included employee compensation, depreciation and amortisation
                     expenses and executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 80% (first half of 2023: over
                     80%).


      (53)   R&D expenses

                                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for the
             Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

             R&D expenses                                                                                1,643,979,097.19            1,244,057,032.04


             Total                                                                                      1,643,979,097.19            1,244,057,032.04


             Note:   In the first half of 2024, research and development expenses mainly included employee compensation, depreciation
                     and amortisation expenses and direct investment expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development
                     expenses over 80% (first half of 2023: over 80%).


      (54)   Financial expenses

                                                                                                               Amount for             Amount for the
             Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

             Interest expenses                                                                               69,061,921.52              75,243,787.91
             Less: Interest income                                                                           33,471,921.44              27,834,239.17
             Add: Exchange loss                                                                            -147,627,102.88            -339,059,620.75
                   Other expenses                                                                             7,020,400.38               6,783,921.52


             Total                                                                                        -105,016,702.42            -284,866,150.49


             Note:   In the first half of 2024, interest expenses included interest expenses on lease liabilities of RMB4,679,826.23 (first half of 2023:
                     RMB5,317,011.14). Other interest expenses for the first half of 2024 and the first half of 2023 were all the interests on bank
                     borrowings, of which the repayment date for the final installment shall be within five years.



                                                                                                                                                        127
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (55)   Other income

                                                                                                        Amount for          Amount for the
               Sources of other income                                                                   the period        previous period

               Immediate refund of value-added tax                                                  217,057,832.38           158,364,342.56
               Other government subsidies related to general activities                              30,529,244.36            38,038,777.73
               Others                                                                                70,949,824.19             1,545,130.70


               Total                                                                                318,536,900.93          197,948,250.99


        (56)   Investment gain

                                                                                                        Amount for          Amount for the
               Item                                                                                      the period        previous period

               Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity method                        193,121,101.07           186,177,825.35
               Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                                  50,168,458.36            84,368,124.31
               Interest income from time deposits                                                   175,521,060.15           139,858,586.05
               Others                                                                                   173,616.17               621,513.69


               Total                                                                                418,984,235.75          411,026,049.40


               Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                                       Amount for              Amount for
               Investees                                                                            current period         previous period

               Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                                                8,961,872.90            9,068,096.27
               Hisense Marketing Management                                                            7,917,434.22            6,038,753.68
               Hisense International Marketing                                                       54,505,100.11            45,071,171.84
               Hisense Global Asia Holding                                                            -1,817,799.54
               Intelligent Electronics                                                                   304,210.56
               Associates of Sanden Company                                                         123,250,282.82           125,999,803.56


               Total                                                                                193,121,101.07          186,177,825.35


               Note:   The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all generated from
                       non-listed equity investments.




128
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (57)   Profit or loss on changes in fair value

                                                                                       Amount for       Amount for the
             Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value                         the period     previous period

             Transactional financial assets                                         151,807,213.33       29,286,325.30
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                         financial instruments                                       50,600,856.21       -17,048,769.95
             Transactional financial liabilities                                     18,465,740.05     -225,016,200.55
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                         financial instruments                                       18,465,740.05     -225,016,200.55


             Total                                                                  170,272,953.38     -195,729,875.25


      (58)   Impairment loss on credit

                                                                                       Amount for       Amount for the
             Item                                                                       the period     previous period

             Loss of bad debts of notes receivable                                      486,215.46         -503,296.72
             Loss of bad debts of accounts receivable                                  -391,795.94       14,064,001.22
             Loss of bad debts of other receivables                                  32,581,656.85      -37,650,910.77


             Total                                                                   32,676,076.37      -24,090,206.27


      (59)   Impairment losses on assets

                                                                                       Amount for       Amount for the
             Item                                                                       the period     previous period

             Loss on decline in value of inventories                                 -14,666,330.04     -27,816,207.88
             Impairment loss on fixed assets                                             -123,683.43    -23,659,661.31
             Impairment loss on contractual assets                                     -2,107,487.36          52,509.72
             Impairment loss on construction in progress                                 -948,873.66    -30,751,884.26
             Impairment loss on intangible assets                                                         -5,217,383.48
             Impairment loss on right-of-use assets                                                         -198,268.13


             Total                                                                  -17,846,374.49      -87,590,895.34




                                                                                                                      129
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (60)   Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                                Amount for        Amount for the
               Item                                                                              the period      previous period

               Gains on disposal of non-current assets                                           857,010.80          5,350,381.51
               Including: Gains on disposal of non-current assets which are
                           not classified as held for sale                                       857,010.80          5,350,381.51
               Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets                                      529,641.71          2,677,836.89
               Gains on disposal of intangible assets                                                                2,637,179.25


               Total                                                                            857,010.80          5,350,381.51


        (61)   Non-operating income

               1.      Particulars of non-operating income

                                                                                                               Amount included
                                                                                                                in non-recurring
                                                                              Amount for     Amount for the   profit or loss of the
                       Item                                                    the period   previous period       current period

                       Gain from scrapping of non-current assets          2,859,569.91         2,285,987.93         2,859,569.91
                       Government grants                                 79,477,755.05        50,396,852.18        79,477,755.05
                       Others                                            71,851,415.86       146,685,601.84        71,851,415.86

                       Total                                           154,188,740.82       199,368,441.95       154,188,740.82


        (62)   Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                               Amount included
                                                                                                                in non-recurring
                                                                           Amount for           Amount for    profit or loss of the
               Item                                                     current period      previous period       current period

               Loss on scrapping of non-current assets                    3,905,489.25         2,822,923.96          3,905,489.25
               Others                                                     9,687,203.36        14,959,976.87          9,687,203.36


               Total                                                    13,592,692.61        17,782,900.83         13,592,692.61




130
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (63)   Income tax expense

             1.     Income tax expense

                                                                                              Amount for     Amount for the
                    Item                                                                       the period   previous period

                    Current income tax expenses                                            455,348,121.56    473,636,708.09
                    Including: PRC enterprise income tax                                   414,684,537.71    448,544,068.44
                    Deferred income tax expenses                                            13,848,749.58      -1,445,544.69


                    Total                                                                  469,196,871.14    472,191,163.40


             2.     Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses

                                                                                                                 Amount for
                    Item                                                                                          the period

                    Total profits                                                                           3,499,349,611.74
                    Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates                      874,837,402.94
                    Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries                      -222,210,271.15
                    Adjustment to income tax in previous periods                                                 2,063,761.27
                    Effect of non-taxable income                                                               -17,467,704.56
                    Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                             20,519,857.53
                    Effect of utilization of deductible losses and deductible difference
                       of unrecognized deferred tax assets in previous period                                -148,526,269.61
                    Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss of
                       unrecognized deferred tax assets in current period                                      65,612,509.41
                    Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                            -122,542,472.21
                    Others                                                                                     16,910,057.52


                    Income tax expense                                                                       469,196,871.14


      (64)   Other comprehensive income

             Please see note V.(45) for details.




                                                                                                                            131
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (65)   Items in the cash flows statement

               1.     Cash relating to operating activities

                      (1)    Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                         Amount for      Amount for the
                             Item                                                         the period    previous period

                             Interest income                                           27,631,318.97      30,984,780.63
                             Government grants                                        110,969,932.22      85,348,902.75
                             Security deposit and others                              405,474,032.92     419,687,553.37


                             Total                                                    544,075,284.11    536,021,236.75


                      (2)    Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                         Amount for      Amount for the
                             Item                                                         the period    previous period

                             Cash payments for management expenses                  1,169,299,014.36   1,050,310,667.09
                             Cash payments for sales expenses                       3,073,311,626.10   2,795,438,748.26
                             Bank charges                                               7,027,339.25      10,644,799.53
                             Others                                                   215,353,052.17     286,266,594.07


                             Total                                                  4,464,991,031.88   4,142,660,808.95




132
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (65)   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

             2.    Cash relating to investing activities

                   (1)    Significant cash received relating to investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for       Amount for the
                           Item                                                               the period     previous period

                           Recovery of wealth management products                      12,392,808,071.29    5,714,777,706.31
                           Recovery of time deposits upon maturity                      2,436,070,127.65    2,024,039,611.67


                   (2)    Significant cash paid relating to investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for       Amount for the
                           Item                                                               the period     previous period

                           Acquisition of wealth management products                   13,060,574,931.64   10,351,116,375.32
                           Placement of time deposits                                     941,307,789.98    1,870,000,000.00


                   (3)    Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for       Amount for the
                           Item                                                               the period     previous period

                           Disposal of wealth management products and
                             time deposits upon maturity                               14,828,878,198.94    7,738,817,317.98
                           Others                                                          12,189,843.46


                           Total                                                       14,841,068,042.40    7,738,817,317.98


                   (4)    Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for       Amount for the
                           Item                                                               the period     previous period

                           Acquisition of wealth management products and
                             time deposits                                             14,001,882,721.62   12,221,116,375.32


                           Total                                                       14,001,882,721.62   12,221,116,375.32




                                                                                                                           133
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (65)   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

               3.    Cash relating to financing activities

                     (1)    Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                            Amount for                  Amount for the
                             Item                                                                                            the period                previous period

                             Security deposit                                                                                                      1,580,614,126.83
                             Others                                                                                  1,604,632,245.40                137,445,161.64


                             Total                                                                                   1,604,632,245.40             1,718,059,288.47


                     (2)    Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                            Amount for                  Amount for the
                             Item                                                                                            the period                previous period

                             Security deposit                                                                          411,468,791.12
                             Payment of the principal and interest on lease liabilities                                 51,342,731.10                 18,342,284.80
                             Others                                                                                  2,499,764,015.55              1,280,429,544.58


                             Total                                                                                   2,962,575,537.77             1,298,771,829.38


                     (3)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                    Increase during the period            Decrease during the period
                                                                    Opening               Cash          Non-cash                Cash          Non-cash             Closing
                             Item                                   balance            changes          changes              changes          changes             balance

                             Short-term borrowings           2,502,318,314.58    260,495,748.92      18,033,133.59     197,802,141.67     274,923,277.94   2,308,121,777.48
                             Long-term borrowings
                               (including borrowings due
                               within one year)                 58,161,388.72     64,851,940.52         570,376.94      59,085,852.58       8,418,094.70     56,079,758.90
                             Lease liabilities (including
                               leases due within one year)     315,419,284.80                        48,317,566.00      51,342,731.10      36,205,588.62    276,188,531.08
                             Other payables – Borrowings
                               from affiliated companies       741,012,162.47   1,439,393,164.29     49,327,570.10    1,457,479,686.69                      772,253,210.17
                             Other payables – Restricted
                               shares                          154,357,517.41                            36,196.92       4,738,560.00      70,743,632.38     78,911,521.95
                             Other payables – Employee
                               Stock Ownership Plan
                               repayment obligations            64,727,409.57    152,853,639.00                          2,178,085.06      46,715,411.81    168,687,551.70


                             Total                           3,835,996,077.55 1,917,594,492.73     116,284,843.55 1,772,627,057.10       437,006,005.45 3,660,242,351.28




134
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (65)   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

             4.    Supplementary information to consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                                  Amount for         Amount for
                    Item                                                                       current period    previous period

                    1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                       activities:                                                                           –                  –
                       Net profit                                                            3,030,152,740.60    2,486,477,361.90
                       Add: Impairment provision for assets                                      17,846,374.49      87,590,895.34
                              Impairment loss on credit                                         -32,676,076.37      24,090,206.27
                              Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and gas
                                 assets and depreciation of productive biological assets       475,570,158.32      500,249,321.38
                              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               38,943,130.68       32,606,238.56
                              Amortization of intangible assets                                 83,957,650.35       86,260,000.09
                              Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                        11,309,027.86        7,474,900.84
                              Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                 other long-term assets (Gain expressed with “-”)                  -857,010.80       -5,350,381.51
                              Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain expressed with “-”)        1,045,919.34          536,936.03
                              Loss on change in fair value (Gain expressed with “-”)          -170,272,953.38      195,729,875.25
                              Financial expenses (Gain expressed with “-”)                      -78,565,181.36    -263,815,832.84
                              Investment loss (Gain expressed with “-”)                       -418,984,235.75     -411,026,049.40
                              Decrease in deferred tax assets
                                 (Increase expressed with “-”)                                 -12,467,065.35      -19,293,451.51
                              Increase in deferred tax liabilities
                                 (Decrease expressed with “-”)                                  12,608,181.29        9,625,739.83
                              Decrease in inventories (Increase expressed with “-”)            141,491,504.08      479,302,662.34
                              Decrease in operating receivables
                                 (Increase expressed with “-”)                               -5,008,961,349.65   -5,822,434,480.06
                              Increase in operating payables
                                 (Decrease expressed with “-”)                               4,009,832,668.12    6,424,020,226.83
                              Others
                              Net cash flows from operating activities                       2,099,973,482.47    3,812,044,169.34
                    2. Significant investment and financing activities not involving
                       cash receipts and payments:
                       Liabilities converted into equity
                       Convertible company debentures due within one year
                       Fixed assets under finance leases
                    3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
                       Cash balances at the end of the period                                2,749,716,134.21    2,617,231,520.93
                       Less: Cash balances at the beginning of the period                    2,877,140,400.54    2,478,346,075.40
                       Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the period
                       Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
                       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                              -127,424,266.33      138,885,445.53




                                                                                                                                 135
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (65)   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

               5.     Cash and cash equivalents

                      Item                                                                  Closing balance    Opening balance

                      Cash                                                                  2,749,716,134.21    2,877,140,400.54
                      Including: Cash on hand                                                     128,162.79          151,362.17
                                 Bank deposits that are readily available for payment         936,892,608.04    2,854,135,661.10
                                 Other cash at bank and on hand that are readily
                                   available for payment                                    1,812,695,363.38      22,853,377.27
                      Cash equivalents
                      Including: Bond investments due within three months
                      Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the period                 2,749,716,134.21    2,877,140,400.54
                      Including: Cash and cash equivalents of the parent or
                                 subsidiaries subject to restrictions on use


        (66)   Monetary items in foreign currencies

               1.     Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                                              Closing                          Closing balance
                                                                           balance of            Translation      denominated
                      Item                                           foreign currency                   rate            in RMB

                      Cash at bank and on hand                                          –                  –                   –
                      Including: USD                                     9,147,626.29                 7.1268      65,193,303.04
                                 EUR                                     6,501,559.48                 7.6617      49,812,998.27
                                 HKD                                     1,500,823.56                 0.9127       1,369,801.66
                                 JPY                                   718,021,713.00              0.044738       32,122,855.40
                      Accounts receivable                                           –                      –                  –
                      Including: USD                                    68,743,563.44                 7.1268     489,921,627.92
                                 EUR                                    27,373,617.23                 7.6617     209,728,443.13
                                 HKD                                       245,353.17                 0.9127         223,933.84
                                 JPY                                   219,839,302.00              0.044738        9,835,170.69
                      Other receivables                                             –                      –                  –
                      Including: USD                                       259,925.24                 7.1268       1,852,435.20
                                 EUR                                        56,865.78                 7.6617         435,688.55
                                 JPY                                13,032,635,868.00              0.044738      583,054,063.46
                      Short-term borrowings                                         –                      –                  –
                      Including: JPY                                 1,500,000,000.00              0.044738       67,107,000.00
                      Accounts payable                                              –                      –                  –
                      Including: USD                                    13,905,028.94                 7.1268      99,098,360.25
                                 EUR                                    10,024,887.91                 7.6617      76,807,683.70
                                 JPY                                   189,877,537.00              0.044738        8,494,741.25
                      Other payables                                                –                      –                  –
                      Including: USD                                   111,858,117.52                7.1268      797,190,431.94
                                 EUR                                       172,352.98                7.6617        1,320,516.83
                                 HKD                                    22,390,861.81                0.9127       20,436,139.57
                                 JPY                                    60,505,608.00              0.044738        2,706,899.89




136
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (66)   Monetary items in foreign currencies — Continued

             2.       Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                      Principal place        Functional      there is change in
                      Company name                                        of business         currency     functional currency

                      Hisense (Hong Kong) America                          Hong Kong                HKD                     No
                        Manufacturing Co., Limited.
                      Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,                         Mexico     Mexican Peso                      No
                        S.de R.L. de C.V.
                      Hisense Monterrey Property Management,                   Mexico     Mexican Peso                      No
                        S.de R.L. de C.V.
                      Hisense Japan Automotive                                 Japan                JPY                     No
                        Air-Conditioning Systems Corporation
                      Sanden Corporation                                      Japan                 JPY                     No
                      SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                    Germany                 EUR                     No
                      SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                      France                EUR                     No
                      SANDEN VIKAS(INDIA) LTD.                                  India      Indian Rupee                     No
                      SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                            Mexico                 USD                     No
                        S.A. DE C.V.


      (67)   Leases

             1.       The Group as a lessee

                                                                                             Amount for        Amount for the
                      Item                                                                    the period      previous period

                      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                4,679,826.23          5,317,011.14
                      Short-term lease expenses recognised in profit
                        or loss using simplified treatment                                 52,459,994.46         47,259,036.55
                      Lease expenses for low-value assets recognised in profit or loss
                        using simplified treatment (excluding short-term leases)
                      Variable lease payments not included in the measurement
                        of lease liabilities
                      Including: Part arising from sale and leaseback transactions
                      Income from sublease of right-to-use assets
                      Total cash outflows related to leases                               144,458,937.46        144,959,978.01
                      Related gain or loss arising from sale and leaseback transactions
                      Cash inflows from sale and leaseback transactions
                      Cash outflows from sale and leaseback transactions




                                                                                                                              137
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        (67)   Leases — Continued

               2.     The Group as a lessor

                      (1)        The Group as a lessor under operating lease

                                                                                                                                                 Including: Income
                                                                                                                                                related to variable
                                                                                                                                                   lease payments
                                                                                                                                                    not included in
                                 Item                                                                                   Rental Income                lease receipts

                                 Building or structures                                                                   26,757,521.29
                                 Machinery and equipment                                                                   1,001,444.60
                                 Transportation equipment                                                                     30,000.00
                                 Land                                                                                      8,786,404.06


                                 Total                                                                                   36,575,369.95


        (68)   Segment reporting

               The Group manages its business by segments which are organized by a mixture of both business lines and
               geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the management
               manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment results are assessed based on
               the profits of the reporting segments.

               1.     Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                                         Refrigerators and                            Inter-segment
                      Amount for current period                               HVAC      washing machines                Others           elimination               Total

                      I. Revenue from external sales               22,767,026,154.35     14,692,881,715.23     6,073,543,391.54                        43,533,451,261.12
                      II. Revenue from inter-segment
                           transactions                                   193,504.41         13,004,095.96     1,769,758,421.25    -1,782,956,021.62
                      III. Gain from investment in associates
                           and joint ventures                          3,958,717.11           3,958,717.11      185,203,666.85                           193,121,101.07
                      IV. Depreciation and amortization              237,791,517.26         160,789,230.00      211,199,219.95                           609,779,967.21
                      V. Gain arising from changes in fair value      13,052,908.28          82,229,386.18       74,990,658.92                           170,272,953.38
                      VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                           assets                                       -2,888,857.17         -2,917,190.98       20,635,750.03                            14,829,701.88
                      VII. Total profits (losses)                   2,977,933,739.18        492,984,027.31        28,431,845.25                         3,499,349,611.74
                      VIII.Total assets                            45,165,383,637.71     50,443,490,241.26    15,894,819,637.51   -40,781,988,960.67   70,721,704,555.81
                      IX. Total liabilities                        29,423,311,157.53     40,168,420,871.26    11,353,809,230.87   -29,236,483,558.82   51,709,057,700.84
                      X. Additions to other non-current
                           assets other than long-term equity
                           investments                               -186,465,840.53         -4,597,587.19       -22,152,415.07                          -213,215,842.79




138
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      (68)   Segment reporting — Continued

             1.    Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities — Continued

                   Continued from above table

                                                                                      Refrigerators and                             Inter-segment
                   Amount for previous period                              HVAC      washing machines                 Others           elimination                 Total

                   I. Revenue from external sales               21,160,441,372.37     11,586,519,085.22     5,956,146,418.22                           38,703,106,875.81
                   II. Revenue from inter-segment
                        transactions                                    97,548.68          5,806,128.29     1,448,667,404.15     -1,454,571,081.12
                   III. Gain from investment in associates
                        and joint ventures                          3,019,376.84           3,019,376.84       180,139,071.67                              186,177,825.35
                   IV. Depreciation and amortization              245,865,896.35         171,793,222.13       208,931,342.39                              626,590,460.87
                   V. Gain arising from changes in fair value        -117,439.59          29,692,409.18      -225,304,844.84                             -195,729,875.25
                   VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                        assets                                      -33,380,608.40         -7,139,811.20       -71,160,682.01                            -111,681,101.61
                   VII. Total profits (losses)                   2,539,543,248.77        400,129,695.46         18,995,581.07                           2,958,668,525.30
                   VIII.Total assets                            40,417,588,553.10     33,853,598,305.57    15,953,974,664.30    -26,310,598,173.86     63,914,563,349.11
                   IX. Total liabilities                        27,285,453,453.73     23,034,742,422.57    11,808,128,692.40    -15,229,017,555.93     46,899,307,012.77
                   X. Additions to other non-current
                        assets other than long-term equity
                        investments                                 24,802,259.21         14,268,316.65        90,642,584.36                             129,713,160.22


             2.    Geographic information

                                                                                                                                                           Amount
                                                                                                                        Amount for                     for previous
                                                                                                                   the year/closing                  year/opening
                   Region                                                                                                  balance                         balance

                   Revenue from domestic transactions                                                             25,328,122,655.20             24,466,006,890.61
                   Revenue from overseas transactions                                                             18,205,328,605.92             14,237,099,985.20


                   Total                                                                                        43,533,451,261.12              38,703,106,875.81


                   Non-current assets – Domestic                                                                  16,876,415,138.64             16,928,683,438.39
                   Non-current assets – Overseas                                                                   3,920,007,690.80              3,877,892,636.01


                   Total                                                                                        20,796,422,829.44              20,806,576,074.40


                   The Group operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Group’s non-current assets are in Mainland China.
                   Therefore, it is not necessary to present further details of the regional information.




                                                                                                                                                                       139
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  VI.    R&D EXPENDITURE

                                                                                                    Amount for         Amount for the
         Item                                                                                        the period       previous period

         R&D expenses                                                                          1,643,979,097.19       1,244,057,032.04


         Total                                                                                1,643,979,097.19       1,244,057,032.04


         Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                                   1,643,979,097.19       1,244,057,032.04
         Capitalised R&D expenditure


         (1)     R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

                 The Group had no R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

         (2)     Significant outsourced projects under research

                 The Group had no significant outsourced projects under research

  VII.   CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

         (1)     Changes in scope of consolidation for other reasons

                 On 5 February 2024, the Company invested in the establishment of Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management
                 Co., Ltd. with a registered capital of RMB20 million, of which the Company has contributed RMB10 million, with a paid-
                 in capital of RMB5 million, representing 50% of the registered capital. The Company has control over the subsidiary,
                 which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 5 February 2024.

                 On 28 May 2024, the Company invested in the establishment of Hisense Home Appliances (Hunan) Co., Ltd. with a
                 registered capital of RMB40 million, of which the Company has contributed RMB40 million, with a paid-in capital of
                 RMB5 million, representing 100% of the registered capital. The Company has control over the subsidiary, which was
                 included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 28 May 2024.

                 The Company’s subsidiary Hisense Hitachi invested in the establishment of Hisense Hitachi Air-conditioning (Hunan)
                 Co., Ltd. on 28 May 2024, with a registered capital of RMB20 million, of which Hisense Hitachi has contributed RMB20
                 million, with a paid-in capital of RMB0, representing 100% of the registered capital. Hisense Hitachi has control over
                 the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 28 May 2024.




140
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        (1)    Interests in subsidiaries

              1.      Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                                              Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                                          Registered          place of    Place of       Business         percentage (%) Method for
                      Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation             capital             business    registration   nature          Direct Indirect acquisition

                      Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator   Guangdong Refrigerator   USD26.80 million    Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                        Co., Ltd.
                      Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer        Guangdong Freezer        RMB237.00 million   Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                        Co., Ltd.
                      Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath       Hisense K&B              RMB77.5751 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing             74.00 Establishment
                        System Co., Ltd.
                      Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic             Rongsheng Plastic        USD15.8274 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing    44.92    25.13 Establishment
                        Co., Ltd.
                      Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.            Kelon Mould              USD15.0561 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing             70.11 Establishment
                      Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)                 Yangzhou Refrigerator    USD44.4479 million Yangzhou     Yangzhou       Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                        Refrigerator Co., Ltd.
                      Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Chengdu Refrigerator     RMB50.00 million Chengdu        Chengdu        Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                      Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.             Shandong Refrigerator    RMB275.10 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00          Establishment
                      Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator             Refrigerator Marketing   RMB200.8190 million Foshan      Foshan         Trading                  100.00 Establishment
                        Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Company
                      Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner            Air-conditioner          RMB100.91 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                   75.57 Establishment
                        Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Marketing Company
                      Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner        Hisense Guangdong        RMB200.00 million   Jiangmen    Jiangmen       Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                        Company Limited                            Air-Conditioner
                      Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.         Shandong Air-            RMB500.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00          Business combination under
                                                                   conditioning                                                                                            common control
                      Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.            Hisense Mould            RMB36.0664 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing    99.87          Business combination under
                                                                                                                                                                           common control
                      Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing Machine         Zhejiang Washing         RMB450.00 million   Huzhou      Huzhou         Manufacturing            100.00 Business combination not
                        Co., Ltd.                                  Machine                                                                                                 under common control
                      Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold            Commercial Cold          RMB50.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing             95.66 Establishment
                        Chain Co., Ltd.                            Chain
                      Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning   Hisense Hitachi          USD150.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing    49.20          Business combination not
                        Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                  under common control
                      Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-conditioner    Hitachi Marketing        RMB274.3003 million Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                   98.18 Business combination not
                        Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                under common control
                      Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-              Johnson Controls         RMB400.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                  100.00 Business combination not
                        Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                             under common control
                      Qingdao Hisense Hvac Equipment             Hisense Hvac             RMB600.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing            100.00 Business combination not
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                          under common control
                      Hisense (Hong Kong) America                Hong Kong Home           HKD1,176.9149       Hong Kong   Hong Kong      Manufacturing            100.00 Business combination under
                        Manufacturing Co., Limited.                Appliance              million                                                                          common control
                                                                   Manufactory




                                                                                                                                                                                                      141
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

          (1)   Interests in subsidiaries — Continued

                1.     Composition of enterprise group — Continued

                                                                                                               Principal                                       Shareholding
                                                                                           Registered          place of    Place of       Business            percentage (%) Method for
                       Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation             capital             business    registration   nature             Direct Indirect acquisition

                       Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,           Hisense Monterrey        MXN462.2452 million Mexico      Mexico         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         S.de R.L. de C.V.                          Manufacturing                                                                                              under common control
                       Hisense Monterrey Property                 Monterrey Property       MXN1,092.5993       Mexico      Mexico         Service industry            100.00 Business combination under
                         Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                     million                                                                             common control
                       Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.       Qingdao Gorenje          RMB21.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading             70.00          Establishment
                       Hisense Japan Automotive Air-              SPV                      JPY1                Japan       Japan          Investment                  100.00 Establishment
                         Conditioning Systems Corporation
                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air Conditioning   Hitachi Air              RMB20.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing               100.00 Establishment
                         Technology Co., Ltd.                       Conditioning
                                                                    Technology
                       Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital             Yiyang Venture Capital   RMB20.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Investment         50.00            Establishment
                         Management Co., Ltd.
                       Hisense Home Appliances (Hunan)            Appliances Hunan         RMB400.00 million   Changsha    Changsha       Manufacturing      100.00           Establishment
                         Co., Ltd.
                       Hisense Hitachi Air-conditioning (Hunan)   Hitachi Hunan            RMB200.00 million   Changsha    Changsha       Manufacturing               100.00 Establishment
                         Co., Ltd.
                       Sanden Corporation                         SDC                      JPY21,741.869287    Japan       Japan          Manufacturing                74.95 Business combination not
                                                                                           million                                                                             under common control
                       Sanden International (Europe) GmbH         SIE                      EUR0.025 million    Germany     Germany        Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                               under common control
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.         SME                      EUR21.00 million    France      France         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                               under common control
                       SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) PRIVATE LIMITED.      SVL                      INR296.25 million   India       India          Manufacturing                50.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                               under common control
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                SMM                      USD66.78537926      Mexico      Mexico         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         S.A. DE C.V.                                                      million                                                                             under common control
                       Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd.    SSP                      USD11.00 million    Suzhou      Suzhou         Manufacturing                65.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                               under common control
                       Sanden (China) Automotive Air              CSA                      RMB145.1238436      Chongqing   Chongqing      Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                            million                                                                             under common control

                       Notes:


                       ①            All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator Marketing
                                    Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje
                                    which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.


                       ②            The Company held 49.20% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of association of
                                    Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors, the highest authority of Hisense
                                    Hitachi.




142
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

        (1)   Interests in subsidiaries — Continued

              2.     Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                Gain or loss
                                                                                             attributable to           Dividends paid to                           Closing
                                                               Percentage of               minority interests           minority interests                    balance of
                     Name of subsidiary                       minority interest               for the period               for the period                minority interests

                     Hisense Hitachi                                       50.80%                997,948,140.13             1,160,605,076.17              4,168,773,309.07

              3.     Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                 Current          Non-current                                   Current        Non-current             Total
                     Name of subsidiary                           assets               assets         Total assets            liabilities        liabilities       liabilities

                     Hisense Hitachi                        1,145,913.96          1,186,021.68       2,331,935.64          1,361,097.25         154,352.51      1,515,449.76

                     (continued)

                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                 Current          Non-current                                   Current        Non-current             Total
                     Name of subsidiary                           assets               assets         Total assets            liabilities        liabilities       liabilities

                     Hisense Hitachi                          998,767.35          1,236,999.95       2,235,767.30          1,197,141.45         153,566.59      1,350,708.04

                     Continued table:

                                                          Amount for the period                                               Amount for the previous period
                                                                                                  Cash                                                                  Cash
                                                                              Total         flows from                                                 Total      flows from
                     Name of               Operating                 comprehensive          operating         Operating                       comprehensive       operating
                     subsidiary             revenue       Net profit       income             activities       revenue             Net profit       income          activities

                     Hisense Hitachi      1,133,786.76   195,725.19        195,725.19        66,794.40      1,130,298.16          161,667.05       161,667.05     182,537.92




                                                                                                                                                                            143
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

          (2)   Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the subsidiary

                1.     Note to change in the ownership interest in subsidiary

                       (1)     From May 2024 to June 2024, the Company repurchased the equity of the minority shareholders of
                               Hisense Mould, and after the repurchase, the Company’s shareholding in Hisense Mould changed
                               from 82.41% to 99.87%, and the Company still has control over Hisense Mould.

                       (2)     In June 2024, Shandong Refrigerator, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the equity of the
                               minority shareholders of its subsidiary Refrigerator Marketing, and after the repurchase, Shandong
                               Refrigerator’s shareholding in Refrigerator Marketing changed from 78.82% to 100%, and the Company
                               still has control over Refrigerator Marketing.

                       (3)     In June 2024, Shandong Refrigerator, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the equity of the
                               minority shareholders of its subsidiary Commercial Cold Chain, and after the repurchase, Shandong
                               Refrigerator’s shareholding in Commercial Cold Chain changed from 70% to 95.66%, and the
                               Company still has control over Commercial Cold Chain.

                       (4)     From May 2024 to June 2024, Hisense Hitachi, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the equity
                               of the minority shareholders of its subsidiary Hitachi Marketing, and after the repurchase, Hisense
                               Hitachi’s shareholding in Hitachi Marketing changed from 70% to 98.18%, and the Company still has
                               control over Hitachi Marketing.

                2.     Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity

                       ①      Repurchase of minority interests in Hisense Mould

                               Item                                                                                   Hisense Mould

                               Cash                                                                                   -149,821,117.29
                               Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                                      -149,821,117.29
                               Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                      percentage acquired/disposed of                                                 -157,224,419.01
                               Difference                                                                                7,403,301.72
                               Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                                 7,403,301.72




144
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

        (2)   Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the subsidiary —
              Continued

              2.     Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity — Continued

                     ②      Repurchase of minority interests in Refrigerator Marketing

                                                                                                                  Refrigerator
                            Item                                                                                   Marketing

                            Cash                                                                                -63,814,500.00
                            Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                                   -63,814,500.00
                            Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired/disposed of                                              -66,364,613.66
                            Difference                                                                            2,550,113.66
                            Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                             2,550,113.66

                     ③      Repurchase of minority interests in Commercial Cold Chain

                                                                                                                 Commercial
                            Item                                                                                  Cold Chain

                            Cash                                                                                -63,640,272.00
                            Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                                   -63,640,272.00
                            Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired/disposed of                                              -57,686,093.31
                            Difference                                                                            -5,954,178.69
                            Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                             -5,954,178.69

                     ④      Repurchase of minority interests in Hitachi Marketing

                            Item                                                                            Hitachi Marketing

                            Cash                                                                               -464,997,758.40
                            Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                                  -556,562,246.40
                            Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired/disposed of                                             -557,360,266.51
                            Difference                                                                              798,020.11
                            Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                               798,020.11




                                                                                                                              145
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

          (3)   Interests in joint ventures or associates

                1.      Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                             Closing        Opening balance/
                                                                                                   balance/Amount                 Amount for
                        Item                                                                          for the period          previous period


                        Joint venture                                                                                 –                           –
                        Total carrying amounts of investments                                                  8,056.16                    7,375.31
                        Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                                       –                           –
                          – Net profit                                                                           609.96                      603.88
                          – Other comprehensive income                                                            70.88
                          – Total comprehensive income                                                           680.84                      603.88

                        Associate                                                                                     –                          –
                        Total carrying amounts of investments                                               179,386.61                  159,761.20
                        Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                                       –                          –
                          – Net profit                                                                       18,702.15                   18,013.91
                          – Other comprehensive income                                                        -1,245.64                     402.58
                          – Total comprehensive income                                                       17,456.51                   18,416.49

  IX.     GOVERNMENT GRANTS

          (1)   Government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the period

                The Group had no government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the period.

          (2)   Liability items involving government grants

                                                                                        Amount
                                                                   Amount of        included in
                                                    Opening     new grants for   other income        Changes in            Closing     Asset-related/
                Government grant items              balance        the period    for the period   exchange rate           balance      income-related

                Deferred income                148,789,343.53    19,122,040.00   16,417,164.46     -1,572,942.11   149,921,276.96      Asset-related
                Deferred income                    400,000.00                                                          400,000.00      Income-related


                Total                         149,189,343.53    19,122,040.00    16,417,164.46     -1,572,942.11   150,321,276.96


          (3)   Government grants included in profit or loss

                                                                                                           Amount for            Amount for the
                Accounting items                                                                            the period          previous period


                Other income                                                                           247,587,076.74                196,403,120.29
                Operating costs                                                                          4,192,095.45
                Non-operating income                                                                    79,477,755.05                 50,396,852.18




146
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The Group faces a variety of financial instrument risks in its daily activities, which primarily include market risk (including
      exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The risks associated with these financial instruments and
      the risk management policies adopted by the Group to mitigate these risks are described below. The Group’s management
      manages and monitors these risk exposures to ensure that the above risks are controlled within a limited range.

      (1)     Various risk management objectives and policies

              The Group engages in risk management with the objective of striking an appropriate balance between risk and
              return, minimise the negative impact of risks on the Group’s operating results and maximises the interests of
              shareholders and other equity investors. Based on this risk management objective, the basic strategy of the Group’s
              risk management is to identify and analyse various risks faced by the Group, establish appropriate risk tolerance
              thresholds to manage the risks, and monitor various risks in a timely and reliable manner to control the risks within a
              limited range.

             1.      Market risk

                     (1)      Exchange rate risk

                              The Group’s exposure to exchange rate risk is primarily related to USD and EUR. Such risk is due to sales
                              or purchases made by the Group in currencies other than its reporting currency. The exchange rate
                              risk arising from monetary assets and liabilities held by the Group in foreign currencies may have an
                              impact on the Group’s results of business operations.

                              As at the end of the Reporting Period, the carrying amounts of the Group’s major monetary assets and
                              monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were as follows:

                                                                  Closing balances                             Opening balances
                              Currency                             Assets             Liabilities                Assets              Liabilities

                              USD                         556,967,366.16        896,288,792.19           567,555,388.91        846,039,195.00
                              EUR                         259,977,129.95         78,128,200.53           172,190,075.44         55,108,811.39

                              The following table indicates the approximate effect of reasonably possible changes in exchange
                              rates, to which the Group had significant exposure at the end of the Reporting Period, on the net
                              profit:

                              Sensitivity analysis of changes in exchange rates:

                                                                                             The Period                   Previous period
                                                                                          Increase/Decrease               Increase/Decrease
                              Item                                                           in profit after tax             in profit after tax

                              USD to RMB
                              Appreciates by 5%                                                     -12,724,553.48                3,738,278.54
                              Depreciates by 5%                                                      12,724,553.48               -3,738,278.54
                              EUR to RMB
                              Appreciates by 5%                                                       6,819,334.85                4,204,991.04
                              Depreciates by 5%                                                      -6,819,334.85               -4,204,991.04

                              The Group pays close attention to the impact of exchange rate changes on the Group, and through
                              research and judgement on the trend of foreign exchange rates, the Group duly operates forward
                              settlement/purchase of foreign exchange to effectively counteract market risks and ensure a
                              reasonable level of profit for the Company.




                                                                                                                                               147
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

        (1)   Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

              1.    Market risk — Continued

                    (2)     Interest rate risk

                            The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing debts such as bank loans. Financial liabilities
                            with floating interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk, while financial liabilities with
                            fixed interest rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. The Group determines the relative
                            proportions of fixed-rate and floating-rate contracts based on the prevailing market conditions. As
                            at 30 June 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing debts mainly consisted of fixed-rate loan contracts
                            denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB2,272,197,284.63 and the floating-rate contracts
                            denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB92,004,251.75.

                            The Group’s risk of changes in fair value of financial instruments resulted from the changes in interest
                            rates is mainly associated with fixed-rate bank loans. For fixed-rate loans, the Group aims to maintain
                            their floating rates.

                            The Group’s risk of changes in cash flow of financial instruments resulted from the changes in interest
                            rates is mainly associated with floating-rate bank loans. The Group’s policy is to maintain these loans
                            at floating rates, so as to eliminate fair value risks arising from changes in interest rate.

              2.    Credit risk

                     The Group manages credit risk by portfolio classification. Credit risk mainly arises from monetary funds, notes
                     receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables, contract assets, etc.

                     The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with higher credit
                     rating. The Board of the Group believes these assets are not exposed to significant credit risk that would cause
                     financial losses.

                     The Group mitigates its exposure to risks in respect of trade and other receivables by dealing with diversified
                     customers with healthy financial positions. Certain new customers are required by the Group to make cash
                     payment in order to minimise credit risk. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding
                     receivables and has a credit control policy to minimize credit risk. In addition, all receivable balances are
                     monitored on an ongoing basis and overdue balances are followed up by senior management.

                     The credit risk on derivative instruments is not significant as the counterparties are high creditworthy banks
                     rated by international credit-rating agencies.

                     The maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets
                     shown on the consolidated financial statements.

              3.    Liquidity risk

                     In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and cash equivalents
                     at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance the Group’s operations and
                     mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The Group’s treasury department is responsible for
                     maintaining a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank credit in order to
                     meet the Group’s liquidity requirements.

                     In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the liquidity of the
                     Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability of borrowings and loan
                     financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that the Group has adequate funding to fulfill its
                     short-term obligations and capital expenditure requirements.



148
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

      (1)   Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

            3.    Liquidity risk — Continued

                   As at the balance sheet date, the undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and financial
                   liabilities of the Group based on maturity date were as follows:

                   30 June 2024

                   Item                                      Within 1 year     1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years    Over 5 years               Total

                   Financial assets
                   Cash at bank and on hand               5,219,471,325.15                                                        5,219,471,325.15
                   Transactional financial assets        13,933,909,217.25                                                       13,933,909,217.25
                   Notes receivable                         568,011,867.25                                                          568,011,867.25
                   Accounts receivable                   11,309,189,054.02                                                       11,309,189,054.02
                   Receivables Financing                  7,803,580,984.75                                                        7,803,580,984.75
                   Other receivables                        153,261,651.26                                                          153,261,651.26
                   Other current assets                      15,697,786.47                                                           15,697,786.47
                   Non-current assets due within
                     one year                             2,932,812,972.23                                                        2,932,812,972.23
                   Other non-current financial assets                                                            21,783,603.25       21,783,603.25
                   Other non-current assets                                                   9,561,028,333.33                    9,561,028,333.33


                   Total                                 41,935,934,858.38                    9,561,028,333.33   21,783,603.25   51,518,746,794.96


                   Financial liabilities
                   Short-term borrowings                  2,308,121,777.48                                                        2,308,121,777.48
                   Transactional financial liabilities       29,957,785.68                                                           29,957,785.68
                   Notes payable                         17,490,283,741.47                                                       17,490,283,741.47
                   Accounts payable                      12,240,835,365.94                                                       12,240,835,365.94
                   Other payables                         6,253,733,970.04                                                        6,253,733,970.04
                   Other current liabilities              7,873,839,126.85                                                        7,873,839,126.85
                   Non-current liabilities due within
                     one year                               131,904,841.33                                                          131,904,841.33
                   Lease liabilities                                         95,428,429.44      102,080,481.52   34,761,303.21      232,270,214.17
                   Long-term borrowings                                                          38,147,438.08                       38,147,438.08


                   Total                                 46,328,676,608.80   95,428,429.44     140,227,919.60    34,761,303.21   46,599,094,261.05




                                                                                                                                                 149
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

        (1)   Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

              3.    Liquidity risk — Continued

                     31-Dec

                     Item                                      Within 1 year       1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years    Over 5 years               Total

                     Financial assets
                     Cash at bank and on hand               4,939,273,198.62                                                          4,939,273,198.62
                     Transactional financial assets        13,192,025,535.87                                                         13,192,025,535.87
                     Notes receivable                         741,622,573.50                                                            741,622,573.50
                     Accounts receivable                    9,225,321,882.07                                                          9,225,321,882.07
                     Receivables Financing                  4,643,427,583.77                                                          4,643,427,583.77
                     Other receivables                        145,804,125.45                                                            145,804,125.45
                     Other current assets                     428,942,015.90                                                            428,942,015.90
                     Non-current assets due within
                       one year                             3,641,708,361.11                                                          3,641,708,361.11
                     Other non-current financial assets                                                              27,197,809.69       27,197,809.69
                     Other non-current assets                                  4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23                    9,750,910,000.02


                     Total                                 36,958,125,276.29   4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23   27,197,809.69   46,736,233,086.00


                     Financial liabilities
                     Short-term borrowings                  2,502,318,314.58                                                          2,502,318,314.58
                     Transactional financial liabilities       54,355,584.93                                                             54,355,584.93
                     Notes payable                         14,608,429,378.74                                                         14,608,429,378.74
                     Accounts payable                      12,049,877,232.20                                                         12,049,877,232.20
                     Other payables                         4,670,674,014.20                                                          4,670,674,014.20
                     Other current liabilities              6,442,483,786.34                                                          6,442,483,786.34
                     Non-current liabilities due within
                       one year                               129,924,113.67                                                            129,924,113.67
                     Lease liabilities                                            97,238,874.85      95,803,553.55   38,932,932.94      231,975,361.34
                     Long-term borrowings                                            962,797.50      44,251,224.00                       45,214,021.50


                     Total                                 40,458,062,424.66     98,201,672.35     140,054,777.55    38,932,932.94   40,735,251,807.50




150
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

      (2)   Transfer of financial assets

            1.     Classification of transfer methods

                                               Nature of                       Amount of
                                               transferred                    transferred                      Basis for determining
                   Transfer methods            financial assets          financial assets Derecognition        derecognition

                   Endorsement or              Notes receivable           103,614,318.18 Not derecognised    Almost all of its risks and
                     discounting of notes                                                                      rewards have been
                                                                                                               retained, including the
                                                                                                               related default risk.
                   Endorsement or              Receivables               6,105,626,943.12 Derecognised       Almost all of its risks and
                     discounting of notes        Financing                                                     rewards have been
                                                                                                               transferred.


                   Total                                                6,209,241,261.30


            2.     Financial assets derecognised due to transfer

                                                                  Method for the                   Amount of              Gain or loss
                                                                  transfer of                 financial assets              related to
                   Item                                           financial assets              derecognised            derecognition

                   Receivables Financing                          Endorsement or             6,105,626,943.12
                                                                  discounting of notes


                   Total                                                                    6,105,626,943.12




                                                                                                                                           151
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XI.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

        (1)   Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the period

                                                                                  Fair value as at the end of the period
                                                                        Level 1            Level 2             Level 3
                                                                     fair value         fair value          fair value
              Item                                                measurement        measurement         measurement               Total

              I.   Fair value measurement on
                   a recurring basis                                          –                  –                 –                 –
                   (1) Transactional financial assets                                53,453,696.10 13,880,455,521.15 13,933,909,217.25
                        1. Financial assets at fair value
                            through profit or loss                                   53,453,696.10 13,880,455,521.15 13,933,909,217.25
                            (1) Wealth management
                                products                                                             13,880,455,521.15 13,880,455,521.15
                            (2) Derivative financial assets                          53,453,696.10                         53,453,696.10
                   (2) Other investments in debt                                                      7,803,580,984.75 7,803,580,984.75
                        1. Receivables Financing                                                      7,803,580,984.75 7,803,580,984.75
                   (3) Other equity investment                                                           42,241,420.23     42,241,420.23
                   (4) Other non-current financial assets                                                21,783,603.25     21,783,603.25


              Total assets measured at fair value on a
                  recurring basis                                                    53,453,696.10 21,748,061,529.38 21,801,515,225.48


                   (4) Transactional financial liabilities                           29,957,785.68                         29,957,785.68
                       1. Financial liabilities at fair value
                           through profit or loss                                    29,957,785.68                         29,957,785.68
                           (1) Derivative financial liabilities                      29,957,785.68                         29,957,785.68


              Total liabilities measured at fair value on a
                  recurring basis                                                    29,957,785.68                         29,957,785.68


        (2)   Basis for determination of the market value of Level 1 fair value measurements on a recurring and non-recurring
              basis

              For transactional financial assets held by the Company subject to Level 1 fair value measurements, the quoted
              market prices of the corresponding products and investments in the open market shall be used as the basis for
              determining the market value.




152
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XI.    DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE — Continued

       (3)   Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used for items at
             level 2 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

             The Group’s items at level 2 fair value measurement are forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts.
             As at the balance sheet date, the Group had obtained forward exchange rate quotations from contracted banks,
             which were determined based on the remaining term to maturity. The fair value of such forward foreign exchange
             settlement and sales contracts were determined by multiplying the difference between the quotations and agreed
             exchange rates for such forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts by the amount for forward foreign
             exchange settlement and sales.

       (4)   Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used for items at
             Level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis.

             The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products of banks, receivables financing and other investments in
             equity instruments. The wealth management products of banks forecast future cash flows using the expected rate of
             return and the unobservable input value is the expected rate of return. The receivables financing are notes receivable
             held by the Group having relatively short remaining maturity with their carrying amount appropriate to fair value, and
             adopt carrying amount as their fair value. Other investments in equity instruments are mainly equity investments for
             which there is no observable and active market data to validate the financial projections using their own data.

             A gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB101,206,357.12 was recognised in respect of the wealth management
             products of banks during the period. Changes in the unobservable input (expected rate of return) do not result in
             significant changes in fair value. At the end of the period, the Group determined the fair value to be the forecast
             future cash flows based on the expected rate of return, and the changes in valuation techniques had a relatively
             insignificant impact on the financial statements.

XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

       (1)   Relationship with related parties

             1.     Parent company of the Company

                                                                                                              Parent            Parent
                                                                                                          company’s        company’s
                                                                                                       percentage of     percentage
                                                                                            Registered shareholding          of voting
                    Name of the                   Place of                                     capital         in the     rights in the
                    parent company                registration      Business nature        (RMB’0000) Company (%)       Company (%)

                    Qingdao Hisense Air-          Qingdao           Manufacture of              67,479         37.23             37.23
                     Conditioning Co., Ltd.                          air-conditioners
                                                                     and moulds and
                                                                     provision of after-
                                                                     sale services

                    The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and the Company
                    has no actual controller.




                                                                                                                                      153
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         (1)   Relationship with related parties — Continued

               2.     Subsidiaries of the Company

                      For details of subsidiaries, please refer to relevant information as set out in “VIII.(1).1 Major composition of the
                      enterprise group” in the Notes.

               3.     Joint ventures and associates of the Company

                      Other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company during the period, or
                      had balances arising from related party transactions with the Company in the previous periods, are as follows:

                      Name of joint ventures or associates                                Relationship with the Company

                      Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                            Associate
                      Hisense Marketing Management                                        Joint venture
                      Hisense Global Asia Holding                                         Joint venture
                      Hisense International Marketing                                     Associate
                      Intelligent Electronics                                             Associate
                      Associates of Sanden Company                                        Associate

               4.     Other related parties of the Company

                      Name of other related parties                                       Relationship with the Company

                      Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               Indirect holding company and other
                         (“Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries”)                     subsidiaries controlled by them
                      Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)                       Subsidiary of the indirect holding company
                      Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            Subsidiary of the indirect holding company
                         (“Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries”, formerly known
                         as Qingdao Hisense Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.)
                      Hisense Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries                  Related parties with significant influence
                         (“Hisense Group and its subsidiaries”)                             over indirect controlling shareholders of
                                                                                            the Company
                      Haifeng Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries                  Related parties with significant influence
                        (“Haifeng Group and its subsidiaries”)                              over indirect controlling shareholders of
                                                                                            the Company
                      Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited (“Xuehua Group”)               Minority shareholder of Beijing Refrigerator
                      Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.         Controlling shareholder of the minority
                        (“Johnson Hitachi”)                                                 shareholder of Hisense Hitachi




154
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       (2)   Related party transactions

             1.     Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                                                             Amount for current period        Amount for previous period
                                                                                                     Pricing and                            Percentage                        Percentage
                                                                                                     decision-making                     of the amount                     of the amount
                                                                                 Particulars of      procedures of                            for similar                       for similar
                                                                                 related party       related party                         transactions                      transactions
                    Related party                                                transactions        transactions                 Amount             (%)            Amount             (%)

                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries                   Finished goods      Reference market       182,954,460.23           0.39     125,595,400.48           0.37
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                          Finished goods      Reference market         2,481,281.34           0.01       2,969,756.86           0.01
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                         Finished goods      Reference market        42,122,389.48           0.09      17,423,703.61           0.05
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Associates of Sanden Company                                 Finished goods      Reference market       204,465,536.17           0.44     204,985,343.35           0.61
                                                                                                     price Agreed price


                    Subtotal of purchase of finished goods                                                                 432,023,667.22            0.93    350,974,204.30            1.04


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries                   Materials           Reference market     1,051,944,969.25           2.27     875,765,954.48           2.59
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                          Materials           Reference market        94,951,418.97           0.21     170,922,460.78           0.51
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                         Materials           Reference market       516,196,448.91           1.12     291,360,856.79           0.86
                                                                                                     price Agreed price


                    Subtotal of purchase of materials                                                                     1,663,092,837.13           3.60   1,338,049,272.05           3.96


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries                   Fixed assets,       Reference market        25,784,466.70           0.05
                                                                                 intangible assets   price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                          Fixed assets,       Reference market         2,713,918.18           0.01
                                                                                 intangible assets   price Agreed price


                    Subtotal of purchase of fixed assets and intangible assets                                              28,498,384.88            0.06


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries                   Receipt of services Reference market       800,084,076.83           1.74     590,892,949.95           1.76
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                          Receipt of services Reference market        55,150,684.78           0.12      27,620,909.68           0.08
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                         Receipt of services Reference market         6,040,882.71           0.01       3,600,276.65           0.01
                                                                                                     price Agreed price
                    Xuehua Group                                                 Receipt of services Reference market           144,511.46                        231,135.02
                                                                                                     price Agreed price


                    Subtotal of receipt of services                                                                        861,420,155.78            1.87    622,345,271.30            1.85




                                                                                                                                                                                           155
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         (2)   Related party transactions — Continued

               1.    Purchase of goods/receipt of services — Continued

                      Notes:


                      The lease payment amounted to RMB35,591,500 recognised by the Company as a lessee was included in the “receipt of
                      services” under related party transactions during the Year.


                      ①        The Company and Hisense Group Company and Hisense Visual Technology and Hisense International and Hisense
                               Marketing Management and Hisense Hong Kong entered into the Business Cooperation Framework Agreement on
                               28 November 2023. During the effective period of the agreement, the transaction amount of the Company as the
                               purchaser and recipient of services was capped at a total of RMB5,530.00 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      ②        The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Framework Agreement on 25 January 2024. During the
                               effective period of the agreement, the transaction with the Company as the purchaser was capped at a total of
                               RMB1,415.86 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      ③        The Company and Huayu Sanden entered into a Business Framework Agreement on 25 January 2024. During the
                               effective period of the agreement, the transaction with the Company as the purchaser was capped at a total of
                               RMB250.00 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the Company’s
                      Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023 and the second interim
                      meeting of the Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024,
                      respectively.




156
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       (2)   Related party transactions — Continued

             2.    Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                                                                           Amount for current period          Amount for previous period
                                                                                  Pricing and                             Percentage                         Percentage
                                                                                  decision-making                      of the amount                      of the amount
                                                                 Particulars of   procedures of                             for similar                        for similar
                                                                 related party    related party                          transactions                       transactions
                    Related party                                transactions     transactions                  Amount             (%)             Amount             (%)

                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   Finished goods   Reference market     14,430,441,706.00          29.67   10,576,706,455.18           24.63
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          Finished goods   Reference market            288,619.91                         561,849.38
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi                              Finished goods   Reference market        183,663,452.91           0.38      107,807,196.76            0.25
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Associates of Sanden Company                 Finished goods   Reference market        518,339,747.53           1.07      606,339,256.15            1.41
                                                                                  price Agreed price

                    Subtotal of sale of finished goods                                                 15,132,733,526.35          31.12   11,291,414,757.47          26.29


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   Materials        Reference market        322,814,376.27           0.66      259,972,833.54            0.60
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          Materials        Reference market        366,681,025.37           0.75      351,821,668.44            0.82
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi                              Materials        Reference market          4,251,640.00           0.01        2,057,302.93
                                                                                  price Agreed price

                    Subtotal of sale of materials                                                        693,747,041.64            1.42     613,851,804.91             1.42


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   Fixed assets     Reference market            747,263.36
                                                                                  price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          Fixed assets     Reference market              3,309.22
                                                                                  price Agreed price

                    Subtotal of sale of fixed assets                                                         750,572.58


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   Moulds           Market price              9,777,765.39           0.02        9,402,085.17            0.02
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          Moulds           Market price             17,432,876.11           0.04       19,658,991.14            0.05
                    Johnson Hitachi                              Moulds           Market price                 43,976.88

                    Subtotal of sale of moulds                                                            27,254,618.38            0.06      29,061,076.31             0.07


                    Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   Rendering        Reference market         38,806,890.75           0.07       25,726,322.29            0.06
                                                                 of service       price Agreed price
                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          Rendering        Reference market          4,371,849.07           0.01        2,901,807.06            0.01
                                                                 of service       price Agreed price
                    Johnson Hitachi                              Rendering        Reference market          2,583,852.34           0.01
                                                                 of service       price Agreed price

                    Subtotal of rendering of services                                                     45,762,592.16            0.09      28,628,129.35             0.07




                                                                                                                                                                           157
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         (2)   Related party transactions — Continued

               2.    Sale of goods/rendering of service — Continued

                      Notes:


                      The lease revenue amounted to RMB5.9011 million recognised by the Company as a lessor was included in the “rendering of
                      services” under related party transactions during the Year.


                      ①        The Company and Hisense Group Company and Hisense Visual Technology and Hisense International and Hisense
                               Marketing Management and Hisense Hong Kong entered into the Business Cooperation Framework Agreement on
                               28 November 2023. During the effective period of the agreement, the transaction amount of the Company as the
                               supplier and provider of services was capped at a total of RMB30,850.00 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      ②        The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Framework Agreement on 25 January 2024. During the
                               effective period of the agreement, the transaction with the Company as the the supplier and provider of services
                               was capped at a total of RMB415.03 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      ②        The Company and Huayu Sanden entered into a Business Framework Agreement. During the effective period of the
                               agreement, the transaction with the Company as the the supplier and provider of services was capped at a total of
                               RMB2,700.00 million (exclusive of value-added tax).


                      The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the Company’s
                      Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023 and the second interim
                      meeting of the Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024,
                      respectively.

               3.    Related guarantees

                     As guaranteed party

                                                                                                                                Whether the
                                                                Amount of                 Guarantee          Guarantee          guarantee has
                      Name of guarantor                         guarantee                 start date         expiry date        been fulfilled

                      Hisense (Hong Kong) Company               JPY 12,000,000,000.00     2023-5-25          2024-5-24          Fulfilled
                        Limited




158
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       (2)   Related party transactions — Continued

             4.    Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                                                    Amount of loans
                    Name of related parties         and borrowings       Start date   Expiry date   Remarks

                    Borrowed from
                    Hisense Group Company and its     USD41,500,000      2023/4/28     2024/4/26    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB7,277,006.22 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD1,100,000     2023/5/15     2024/5/14    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB220,105.59 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its     USD56,000,000      2023/5/19     2024/5/17    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB11,436,340.97 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD4,000,000     2023/5/30     2024/5/29    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB882,871.98 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD1,800,000    2023/12/19    2024/12/19    RMB454,209.21 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its     EUR100,000,000     2024/2/28     2024/3/28    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB2,816,866.60 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its      EUR31,000,000     2024/2/28     2024/3/28    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB869,210.75 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its   JPY 9,000,000,000    2024/5/16     2024/6/17    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      subsidiaries                                                                    RMB429,484.80 was paid
                                                                                                      during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD1,850,000     2024/3/19     2025/3/19    RMB239,075.49 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD1,000,000     2024/4/25     2025/4/25    RMB78,257.04 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its     USD41,500,000      2024/4/26     2025/4/25    RMB3,191,104.59 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD1,100,000     2024/5/14     2025/5/14    RMB57,375.51 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its     USD56,000,000      2024/5/17     2025/5/16    RMB2,693,186.50 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its       USD4,000,000     2024/5/29     2025/5/29    RMB126,661.69 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period
                    Hisense Group Company and its        USD900,000      2024/6/20     2025/6/20    RMB1,239.92 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                    during the period




                                                                                                                                     159
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         (2)   Related party transactions — Continued

               5.    Other connected transactions

                      (1)    As at 30 June 2024, the Group had a balance of bank deposit of RMB14,174,731,500 (presented in
                             monetary funds, other current assets, other non-current assets due within one year and other non-
                             current assets according to holding intention and liquidity), and a balance of notes payable of
                             RMB1,847,109,700; the loan balance was RMB20,000,000; the amount of loan interest of RMB467,000
                             was recognised for Hisense Finance, the amount of discounted interest paid for notes was RMB68,400,
                             the amount of handling fees paid for electronic finance company acceptance notes was RMB844,800,
                             and the amount of handling fees for settlement services paid for receipt and payment of funds was
                             RMB227,900. Interest income from bank deposits of RMB186,070,500 was recognised for Hisense
                             Finance. During the period, the amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of foreign
                             exchange services provided by Hisense Finance to the Group was RMB60,693,800, and the amount for
                             the provision of discounted notes was RMB49,812,100.

                      (2)    On 29 March 2024, the Eleventh Session of the Company’s Board of Directors convened the first
                             meeting of 2024 and approved the Resolution on Related Transactions for Joint Capital Increase
                             with Related Parties. In order to meet the needs for employee dormitories and supporting facilities
                             to support the continuous development of the Company’s business, Hisense Visual’s wholly-owned
                             subsidiary Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Intelligent Electronics”) intended to
                             issue additional shares to the Company and Hisense Visual to raise funds for the construction of
                             employee dormitories and supporting facilities. On 29 March 2024, the Company jointly signed the
                             Capital Increase Agreement of Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Capital Increase
                             Agreement”) with Hisense Visual, intending to jointly increase capital in Intelligent Electronics. Hisense
                             Visual waived its preemptive right to subscribe for shares from the Company. The capital increase
                             price is determined based on the audited net assets of Intelligent Electronics as of 31 December 2023.
                             As of 30 June 2024, the Company has paid RMB98.00 million to Intelligent Electronics for the capital
                             increase.

                      (3)    Pursuant to the Trademark Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company and Hisense
                             Group, the Group is entitled to use the trademark of “海信” and “Hisense” within the scope of
                             permission and during the licensing period in the agreement at nil consideration.




160
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       (3)   Receivables from and payables to related parties

             1.    Receivables from related parties

                                                                                                              Closing balance                         Opening balance
                                                                                                                            Provision for                          Provision for
                    Item                               Related party                                  Book balance            bad debts        Book balance          bad debts

                    Receivables Financing              Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              6,668,308.13                            12,428,611.93
                    Receivables Financing              Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries       6,721,361.56                            81,566,277.21

                    Subtotal                                                                          13,389,669.69                            93,994,889.14


                    Notes receivable                   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries            245,579,903.37                           319,007,723.28
                    Notes receivable                   Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries     152,138,959.72                           226,887,871.53

                    Subtotal                                                                         397,718,863.09                           545,895,594.81


                    Interest receivable                Hisense Finance                                505,678,144.10                           426,261,929.09

                    Subtotal                                                                         505,678,144.10                           426,261,929.09


                    Accounts receivable                Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries             84,152,951.11                            96,504,120.74
                    Accounts receivable                Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries   6,835,680,259.32       12,966,222.40     5,197,036,356.39     20,130,123.69
                    Accounts receivable                Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                                                          708,092.53        708,092.53
                    Accounts receivable                Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries            96,207,706.97                            68,933,497.31
                    Accounts receivable                Associates of Sanden Company                   152,059,090.76            436,923.07     319,759,158.27           443,445.56

                    Subtotal                                                                        7,168,100,008.16      13,403,145.47      5,682,941,225.24     21,281,661.78


                    Other receivables                  Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                 40,492.86                               190,548.80            18,000.00
                    Other receivables                  Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries       4,360,667.16             43,394.66       2,106,607.85           392,320.98
                    Other receivables                  Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries             2,408,966.71
                    Other receivables                  Associates of Sanden Company                     5,580,170.74            227,856.90      23,908,679.93     23,144,878.94

                    Subtotal                                                                          12,390,297.47             271,251.56     26,205,836.58      23,555,199.92


                    Dividends receivable               Associates of Sanden Company                                                                 89,630.21

                    Subtotal                                                                                                                       89,630.21


                    Prepayments                        Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              1,770,578.30                               411,109.28
                    Prepayments                        Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries      71,331,483.48                            87,637,498.40

                    Subtotal                                                                          73,102,061.78                            88,048,607.68


                    Other non-current assets           Hisense Group Company and its subsidiaries       5,941,243.72                             6,384,738.43

                    Subtotal                                                                           5,941,243.72                             6,384,738.43


                    Note:       Interest receivable represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the effective interest rate method. It
                                is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial assets and is listed in other current assets, non-
                                current assets due within one year, and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity.




                                                                                                                                                                                 161
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         (3)   Receivables from and payables to related parties — Continued

               2.    Payables to related parties

                     Item                                                                           Closing        Opening
                                                      Related party                                balance         balance

                     Notes payable                    Hisense Group Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries                          74,791,827.31    68,374,144.06
                     Notes payable                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      3,459,013.42     4,638,174.56
                     Notes payable                    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries   449,248,180.86   279,435,254.04
                     Notes payable                    Associates of Sanden Company               284,557.24     1,402,649.94

                     Subtotal                                                                527,783,578.83   353,850,222.60


                     Accounts payable                 Hisense Group Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries                         219,651,637.13   251,028,022.33
                     Accounts payable                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      3,321,870.89     1,885,200.49
                     Accounts payable                 Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries   120,485,822.59    43,155,749.32
                     Accounts payable                 Associates of Sanden Company            33,767,787.71    40,136,801.48

                     Subtotal                                                                377,227,118.32   336,205,773.62


                     Dividends payable                Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                     68,073,826.50
                     Dividends payable                Hisense Group Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries                         649,546,408.71

                     Subtotal                                                                649,546,408.71    68,073,826.50


                     Other payables                   Hisense Group Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries                         911,395,568.98   818,587,876.17
                     Other payables                   Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                           50,983.14
                     Other payables                   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      6,449,274.21       406,339.02
                     Other payables                   Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries       216,173.06       200,000.00
                     Other payables                   Associates of Sanden Company            54,418,733.69    37,781,629.00
                     Other payables                   Xuehua Group                                                100,859.00

                     Subtotal                                                                972,479,749.94   857,127,686.33


                     Advances                         Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                         160,022.73

                     Subtotal                                                                                    160,022.73


                     Contractual liabilities          Hisense Group Company and its
                                                        subsidiaries                         134,526,602.81   102,170,950.58
                     Contractual liabilities          Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        361,279.90        12,939.87
                     Contractual liabilities          Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries       124,616.03        21,851.62

                     Subtotal                                                                135,012,498.74   102,205,742.07


                     Other non-current liabilities    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries   581,488,159.22   576,186,668.20

                     Subtotal                                                                581,488,159.22   576,186,668.20




162
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

        (1)   General information about share-based payments

              1.    Overview on Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                    On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class general
                    meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting considered and approved the “Resolution on the
                    2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares (Draft) of the Company and its Summary”, the “Resolution
                    on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal System of the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for
                    A Shares of the Company” and the “Resolution to Propose the General Meeting to Authorise the Board to
                    Handle Matters Relating to the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company”. On
                    the same day, the 2023 third extraordinary general meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the
                    2023 first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee were convened to consider and
                    approve the ‘’Proposal for the Granting of Restricted Shares to Incentive Recipients under the 2022 Restricted
                    Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares”. The above resolutions determined that the total number of restricted
                    shares granted to 596 incentive recipients was 29,618,000 shares. As some of the incentive recipients forfeited
                    the restricted shares granted to them, the actual number of recipients of the first grant under the Incentive
                    Scheme was 511, the number of shares granted was 25,422,000 shares, and the grant price was RMB6.64 per
                    share.

              2.    Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                    The Company held the 2022 tenth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2022
                    fourth meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee on 30 December 2022, and the 2023
                    first A Share class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting on 28 February 2023,
                    which considered and approved relevant resolutions, such as the “Resolution on the 2022 Employee Stock
                    Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company and its Summary” and the “Resolution on the Administrative
                    Measures for the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company”, agreeing to implement
                    the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and authorising the Board to handle the matters in
                    relation to the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company. On 12 May 2023, the
                    Company held the 2023 sixth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board, which considered and
                    passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of Reserved Shares under the Employee Stock Ownership Plan for
                    A Shares in 2022” within the scope of authorisation of the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting. The
                    participants of this Employee Stock Ownership Plan are the directors (excluding independent directors),
                    supervisors, senior management and other core employees of the Company, with the total number of the first
                    grant not exceeding 30 participants (excluding the reserved shares) and with the reserved shares allocated
                    to 29 participants. The number of the underlying shares involved in this Employee Stock Ownership Plan was
                    not more than 11,700,000 shares. According to the actual subscription and final payment by the participants,
                    a total of 52 employees (including reserved shares) actually participated in the subscription of shares of the
                    first grant under the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company, corresponding to 10,810,000
                    shares, with the grant price of RMB6.64 per share. The source of the shares was the Company’s repurchase of
                    its shares through a special securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.

                    On 8 January 2024, the Company held the first interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of
                    Directors and the first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee, and on 22 February 2024,
                    the Company convened the second extraordinary general meeting of 2024, the first A Share class general
                    meeting of 2024, and the first H Share class general meeting of 2024, which considered and approved the
                    Company’s Resolution on the Draft 2024 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and its Summary
                    and related resolutions, agreeing to implement the 2024 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and
                    authorising the Board to handle matters in relation to the 2024 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares
                    of the Company. The total number of shares to be acquired under this stock ownership plan shall not exceed
                    13,916,000 shares, and the total number of participants in this Employee Stock Ownership Plan shall not
                    exceed 279 participants, with the acquisition price set at RMB10.78 per share. The total number of shares
                    acquired shall not exceed 13,916,000 shares. The source of the shares was the Company’s repurchase of its
                    shares through a special securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.




                                                                                                                                  163
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS — Continued

          (1)   General information about share-based payments — Continued

                2.     Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan — Continued

                                                     Granted during the period     Exercised during the period     Unlocked during the period     Lapsed during the period
                       Category of grant targets       Quantity        Amount        Quantity         Amount         Quantity         Amount        Quantity         Amount

                       Senior management and
                         core personnel            13,180,050.00 142,080,939.00                                  13,258,895.00   88,039,062.80   1,924,965.00   12,781,767.60


                       Total                       13,180,050.00 142,080,939.00                                  13,258,895.00 88,039,062.80     1,924,965.00 12,781,767.60


                       Share options or other equity instruments issued as at the end of the period

                                                                                  Other equity instruments issued as at the end of the period
                                                                                        Range of
                       Category of grant targets                                  exercise prices           Remaining contractual term

                       Senior management and                                            6.64;10.78          The validity period of the equity incentive
                         core personnel                                                                     scheme shall commence on the date of
                                                                                                            completion of the registration of the grant
                                                                                                            of restricted shares and end on the date on
                                                                                                            which all restricted shares granted to the
                                                                                                            target of the incentive scheme are released
                                                                                                            from restriction or repurchased and cancelled,
                                                                                                            which shall not exceed 48 months at the
                                                                                                            longest.


          (2)   Equity settled share-based payments

                Item                                                                  The Period

                Method for determining fair value of equity                           The fair value of restricted shares and the Employee Stock
                 instruments on the date of grant                                     Ownership Plan is determined by subtracting the grant price
                                                                                      from the market price on the date of grant.
                Important parameters for fair value of equity                         Market price on the date of grant
                  instruments on the date of grant
                Basis for determining the number of equity                            The Company revises the estimated number of equity
                  instruments with exercisable rights                                 instruments that can be released from sale restriction on each
                                                                                      balance sheet date during the period of restriction based on
                                                                                      the latest available subsequent information such as changes
                                                                                      in the number of persons who can be released from sale
                                                                                      restriction, achievement of performance targets, and so on.
                Reasons for significant discrepancies between                         N/A
                  estimates of the period and the previous period
                Accumulated amount of equity-settled share-based                      109,930,823.04
                  payment included in the capital surplus




164
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS — Continued

        (3)    Share-based payment expenses during the period

                                                                                                                        Equity settled
                                                                                                                         share-based
               Category of grant targets                                                                                   payments

               Senior management and core personnel                                                                    133,605,508.33


               Total                                                                                                  133,605,508.33


        (4)    Termination or modification of share-based payment

               Nil.

XIV.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

        (1)    Important commitments

                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB’0000

               Item                                                                          Closing balance       Opening balance

               Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries and jointly
                controlled entities (commitment to purchase long-term assets):
                – Authorised but not contracted
                – Contracted but not paid                                                            21,541.93               41,097.13
               Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property, plant and
                equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for external investment):
                – Contracted but not paid

        (2)    Contingencies

               1.      Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial impacts

                       As at 30 June 2024, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of RMB115,380,596.54,
                       and accrued liabilities of RMB105,273,432.45 had been made.

XV.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

        Nil.




                                                                                                                                     165
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

         (1)   Capital management

               The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management are to safeguard the Company’s ability to continue as
               a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
               value.

               The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions
               and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may
               adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were
               made in the objectives, policies or procedures for managing capital during the periods ended 30 June 2024 and 31
               December 2023.

               The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital plus net debt.
               Net debt includes bank and other borrowings, accounts payable, notes payable, other payables and debentures
               payables, less cash and cash equivalents. The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting period were as follows:

                                                                                                                     Beginning of
               Item                                                                       End of the period            the period

               Total liabilities                                                          51,709,057,700.84     46,550,436,429.03
               Including: Short-term borrowings                                            2,308,121,777.48      2,502,318,314.58
               Accounts payable                                                           12,240,835,365.94     12,049,877,232.20
               Notes payable                                                              17,490,283,741.47     14,608,429,378.74
               Other payables                                                              6,253,733,970.04      4,670,674,014.20
               Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                             2,749,716,134.21      2,877,140,400.54
               Net debt                                                                   48,959,341,566.63     43,673,296,028.49
               Equity attributable to shareholders of parent                              14,161,666,912.48     13,580,174,485.95
               Capital and net liability                                                  63,121,008,479.11     57,253,470,514.44
               Gearing ratio                                                                        77.56%                76.28%

         (2)   Pension scheme

               In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined contribution
               pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of employees of the Group.
               According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension fund at certain percentage of the
               total salaries and wages of its employees.




166
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS — Continued

       (3)   Leases

             1.       Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                    Closing             Opening
                      Categories of leased assets under operating leases                   carrying amount      carrying amount

                      Buildings and structures                                                    20,939.32            31,660.82
                      Land use rights                                                                116.01               108.88
                      Machinery and equipment, etc.                                                  448.79               469.51
                      Transportation equipment                                                        10.19                14.57


                      Total                                                                      21,514.31             32,253.78


             2.       The Group as lessor under operating lease

                      The Company’s investment properties are also leased to a number of tenants for different terms. The rental
                      income for the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB26.7575 million (2023 first half: RMB22.1061 million). The
                      minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the reporting
                      period are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                Amount for           Amount for
                      Item                                                                       the period      previous period

                      Within one year                                                              5,529.42             5,884.48
                      Over one year but within five years                                         14,692.97            16,900.18


                      Total                                                                      20,222.39             22,784.66




                                                                                                                                167
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS — Continued

         (3)   Leases — Continued

               3.    The Group as lessee under operating lease

                      The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with lease terms
                      ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the period ended 30 June 2024 were as
                      follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                 Amount for            Amount for
                      Operating lease payments                                                    the period       previous period

                      Building or structures                                                        9,794.62               8,688.46
                      Others                                                                        4,651.28               5,807.54


                      Total                                                                        14,445.90              14,496.00


                      The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with a lease period
                      of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments, the adoption of simplified
                      treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.

               4.    The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of reporting
                     period due as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                 Amount for            Amount for
                      Item                                                                        the period       previous period

                      Within one year                                                              11,400.34              18,293.10
                      Over one year but within five years                                          15,189.50              24,981.10
                      Over five years                                                                 900.24               4,992.39


                      Total                                                                        27,490.08              48,266.59




168
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

        (1)   Accounts receivable

              1.    Accounts receivable by ageing

                     Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                     Ageing                                                                Closing balance          Opening balance

                     Within three months                                                      494,389,188.55           617,522,768.99
                     Over three months but within six months                                      308,900.00               860,204.88
                     Over six months but within one year                                           75,717.88
                     Over one year                                                            106,429,847.25           107,107,551.47


                     Total                                                                   601,203,653.68            725,490,525.34


              2.    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                       Closing balance
                                                               Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                     Category                                  Amount             %           Amount                % Carrying amount

                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       separately made
                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       made on a group basis            601,203,653.68        100.00    106,430,192.80         17.70     494,773,460.88
                     Including:
                     Ageing analysis method             108,673,848.78         18.08    106,430,192.80         97.94      2,243,655.98
                     Receivables from related parties   492,529,804.90         81.92                                     492,529,804.90


                     Total                              601,203,653.68        100.00   106,430,192.80          17.70    494,773,460.88




                                                                                                                                      169
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          (1)   Accounts receivable — Continued

                2.    Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                       (continued)

                                                                                                 Opening balance
                                                                      Book balance                   Provision for bad debts
                       Category                                      Amount                %            Amount                 % Carrying amount

                       Accounts receivable for which
                         provision for bad debts is
                         separately made
                       Accounts receivable for which
                         provision for bad debts is
                         made on a group basis                 725,490,525.34          100.00     107,108,618.15           14.76   618,381,907.19
                       Including:
                       Ageing analysis method                  107,640,893.73           14.84     107,108,618.15           99.51       532,275.58
                       Receivables from related parties        617,849,631.61           85.16                                      617,849,631.61


                       Total                                  725,490,525.34          100.00      107,108,618.15           14.76   618,381,907.19


                      (1)      Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by aging analysis method:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                           Provision for
                               Ageing                                           Book balance                 bad debts                         %

                               Including: Within three months                     2,244,001.53                  345.55                      0.02
                               Over one year                                    106,429,847.25          106,429,847.25                    100.00


                               Total                                         108,673,848.78            106,430,192.80                      97.94


                               Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made provision
                                        for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                      (2)      Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by receivables from related parties:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                           Provision for
                               Ageing                                           Book balance                 bad debts                         %

                               Within one year                                  492,529,804.90


                               Total                                         492,529,804.90




170
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        (1)   Accounts receivable — Continued

              3.      Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable for the period

                                                                             Changes during the period
                                                         Opening                         Recoveries       Write-off or           Closing
                      Category                           balance        Provision        or reversals     charge-off            balance

                      Ageing analysis method       107,108,618.15                         678,425.35                      106,430,192.80


                      Total                        107,108,618.15                        678,425.35                       106,430,192.80


              4.      Accounts receivable written-off

                      There were no accounts receivable written-off during the period.

              5.      Top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the period

                      The total top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the period amounted to RMB477,712,444.47,
                      accounting for 79.46% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A provision for bad debts of
                      RMB24,988,826.34 in total was made as at the end of the period.

        (2)   Other receivables

              Item                                                                            Closing balance       Opening balance

              Dividends receivable                                                             1,029,119,900.71             68,351,678.85
              Other receivables                                                                1,087,172,827.39          1,187,499,173.19


              Total                                                                           2,116,292,728.10       1,255,850,852.04


              2.1     Dividends receivable

                      1.      Classification of dividends receivable

                              Item (or investee)                                              Closing balance       Opening balance

                              Hisense Hitachi                                                  1,029,119,900.71            68,351,678.85


                              Total                                                           1,029,119,900.71             68,351,678.85




                                                                                                                                        171
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          (2)   Other receivables — Continued

                2.2   Other receivables

                      1.     Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                           Book value        Book value as
                                                                                         as at the end    at the beginning
                             Nature of the amount                                        of the period        of the period

                             Security deposit                                                257,010.00
                             Other current account                                     1,102,005,548.26   1,202,314,549.91


                             Total                                                 1,102,262,558.26       1,202,314,549.91


                      2.     Other receivables by ageing


                                                                                                               Book value
                                                                                                             as at the end
                             Ageing                                                                          of the period

                             Within three months                                                              5,080,741.59
                             Over three months but within six months                                        110,015,092.05
                             Over six months but within one year                                            202,083,946.24
                             Over one year                                                                  785,082,778.38


                             Total                                                                        1,102,262,558.26




172
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        (2)   Other receivables — Continued

              2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                    3.     Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                 Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                  Carrying
                           Category                                           Amount                %           Amount                      %            amount

                           Separate provision for bad debt
                           Provision for bad debts on a group basis   1,102,262,558.26          100.00     15,089,730.87                  1.37   1,087,172,827.39
                           Including:
                           Ageing analysis method                        14,621,967.93            1.33     14,608,905.03                 99.91          13,062.90
                           Receivables from related parties           1,087,100,939.69           98.62          7,429.68                         1,087,093,510.01
                           Other account payments                           539,650.64            0.05        473,396.16                 87.72          66,254.48


                           Total                                      1,102,262,558.26          100.00     15,089,730.87                 1.37 1,087,172,827.39


                           (continued)

                                                                                                         Opening balance
                                                                                 Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                  Carrying
                           Category                                           Amount                %           Amount                      %            amount

                           Separate provision for bad debt
                           Provision for bad debts on a group basis   1,202,314,549.91          100.00     14,815,376.72                  1.23   1,187,499,173.19
                           Including:
                           Ageing analysis method                        14,836,569.05            1.23     14,815,376.72                 99.86          21,192.33
                           Receivables from related parties           1,186,884,657.69           98.72                                           1,186,884,657.69
                           Other account payments                           593,323.17            0.05                                                 593,323.17


                           Total                                      1,202,314,549.91          100.00     14,815,376.72                 1.23 1,187,499,173.19




                                                                                                                                                                173
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          (2)   Other receivables — Continued

                2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                       3.    Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts — Continued

                             (1)    Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by ageing analysis method:

                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                                                  Book        Provision for
                                    Ageing                                                     balance          bad debts                 %

                                    Including: Within three months                            4,179.14
                                    Over three months but within six months                   2,995.09             299.51            10.00
                                    Over six months but within one year                      12,376.36           6,188.18            50.00
                                    Over one year                                        14,602,417.34      14,602,417.34           100.00


                                    Total                                                14,621,967.93      14,608,905.03            99.91


                                    Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made
                                             provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                             (2)    Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by receivables from related
                                    parties:

                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                                                   Book        Provision for
                                    Ageing                                                      balance          bad debts                %

                                    Related parties within the scope
                                      of consolidation                                  1,086,805,887.67
                                    Related parties beyond the scope
                                      of consolidation                                        295,052.02           7,429.68             2.52
                                    Including: Within one year                                287,622.34


                                    Total                                               1,087,100,939.69           7,429.68


                             (3)    Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by other account payments:

                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                                                   Book        Provision for
                                    Ageing                                                      balance          bad debts                %

                                    Other account payments                                    539,650.64         473,396.16           87.72


                                    Total                                                     539,650.64        473,396.16            87.72




174
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        (2)   Other receivables — Continued

              2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                    4.     Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                         First stage     Second stage            Third stage               Total
                                                                                               Lifetime              Lifetime
                                                                         Expected            expected              expected
                                                                      credit loss in         credit loss          credit loss
                                                                       the next 12      (without credit          (with credit
                           Provision for bad debts                         months         impairment)           impairment)

                           Balance as at 1 January 2024                   13,887.13         3,632,128.27       11,169,361.32       14,815,376.72
                           During the period, the book
                             balance of other receivables
                             as at 1 January 2024                                 –                    –                     –                 –
                             – transferred to second stage               -11,901.73            11,901.73
                             – transferred to third stage
                             – reversed to second stage
                             – reversed to first stage
                           Provision for the period                        6,487.69          480,825.84                               487,313.53
                           Reversal for the period                          1,985.4          210,973.98                               212,959.38
                           Written-off for the period
                           Charge-off for the period
                           Other changes
                           Balance as at 30 June 2024                      6,487.69        3,913,881.86        11,169,361.32       15,089,730.87

                           Note:   Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                                   since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the ageing, and estimated the expected
                                   credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.


                    5.     Provision for bad debts of other receivables by ageing analysis method

                                                                                       Changes during the period
                                                               Opening                          Recoveries          Write-off or         Closing
                           Category                            balance          Provision       or reversals        charge-off          balance

                           Ageing analysis method 14,815,376.72                  6,487.69        212,959.38                        14,608,905.03
                           Receivables from related
                             parties                                            7,429.68                                                7,429.68
                           Other account payments                             473,396.16                                              473,396.16


                           Total                        14,815,376.72        487,313.53         212,959.38                         15,089,730.87




                                                                                                                                               175
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          (2)   Other receivables — Continued

                2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                      6.         Other receivables actually written off during the period

                                 There were no other receivables actually written off for the period

                      7.         Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                                                  of total other
                                                                                                                                   receivables         Provision for
                                                                                                                                             (%)         bad debts
                                               Nature of                                                                                Closing            Closing
                                 No.           the amount                Closing balance          Ageing                               balance            balance

                                 Top 1         Inter-group                 372,699,354.39         Within one year                          33.81
                                                 current account
                                                 payments
                                 Top 2         Inter-group                 214,000,000.00         Within two years                         19.41
                                                 current account
                                                 payments
                                 Top 3         Inter-group                  99,000,000.00         Within one year                           8.98
                                                 current account
                                                 payments
                                 Top 4         Inter-group                  98,428,349.37         Within one year                           8.93
                                                 current account
                                                 payments
                                 Top 5         Inter-group                  95,300,693.05         Within two years                          8.65
                                                 current account
                                                 payments


                                 Total         –                          879,428,396.81          –                                       79.78


          (3)   Long-term equity investments

                1.    Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                         Closing balance                                           Opening balance
                                                                            Provision for          Carrying                            Provision for          Carrying
                       Item                             Book balance        impairment              amount       Book balance          impairment              amount

                       Investments in subsidiaries    5,607,834,641.87     59,381,641.00    5,548,453,000.87   5,297,448,970.59       59,381,641.00    5,238,067,329.59
                       Investments in associates
                         and joint ventures             786,264,421.25                       786,264,421.25     697,276,441.82                          697,276,441.82


                       Total                          6,394,099,063.12     59,381,641.00 6,334,717,422.12 5,994,725,412.41           59,381,641.00 5,935,343,771.41




176
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        (3)   Long-term equity investments — Continued

              2.    Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                                             Movements in the current period
                                                                                  Provision for                                                 Increase in                       Opening balance
                                                          Opening balance          impairment        Increase in             Decrease          share-based Closing balance           of impairment
                     Investees                           (Carrying amount)    Opening balance        investment         in investment            payments (Carrying amount)               provision

                     Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                  5,227,619.58                                                                     2,277,631.90      7,505,251.48
                     Guangdong Kelon Air Conditioner
                       Co., Ltd.                             221,618,359.00       59,381,641.00                                                                 221,618,359.00        59,381,641.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Freezer Co., Ltd.                       1,258,766.53                                                                      952,132.41       2,210,898.94
                     Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and
                       Bath System Co., Ltd.                   2,285,200.95                                                                     1,444,825.72      3,730,026.67
                     Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic
                       Co., Ltd.                              54,285,499.65                                                                      614,293.64      54,899,793.29
                     Foshan Shunde Wangao Import &
                       Export Co., Ltd.                          600,000.00                                                                                         600,000.00
                     Guangdong Kelon Jiake Electronics
                       Co., Ltd.                              82,000,000.00                                                                                      82,000,000.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Yingkou)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                 84,000,000.00                                                                                      84,000,000.00
                     Jiangxi Kelon Industrial
                       Development Co., Ltd.                 147,763,896.00                                                                                     147,763,896.00
                     Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                  1,661,131.90                                                                     1,090,465.19      2,751,597.09
                     Zhuhai Kelon Industrial
                       Development Co., Ltd.                 189,101,850.00                                                                                     189,101,850.00
                     Shenzhen Kelon Procurement Co., Ltd.     95,000,000.00                                                                                      95,000,000.00
                     Kelon Development Co., Ltd.              11,200,000.00                                                                                      11,200,000.00
                     Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator
                       Co., Ltd.                                 113,402.40                                                                       61,391.20         174,793.60
                     Hisense (Beijing) Electric Appliances
                       Co., Ltd                               92,101,178.17                                                                                      92,101,178.17
                     Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.      587,104,019.88                                                                    11,958,269.54    599,062,289.42
                     Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.         208,396,930.42                       149,821,117.29                                  576,316.43    358,794,364.14
                     Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.          775,730,414.11                                                                    20,368,286.61    796,098,700.72
                     Foshan Hisense Kelon Property
                       Development Co., Ltd.                   5,008,411.99                                                                      421,683.98       5,430,095.97
                     Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                       Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.      2,590,877,442.55                                                                    15,042,787.87   2,605,920,230.42
                     Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.     16,840,534.29                                                                     2,153,145.53      18,993,679.82




                                                                                                                                                                                                 177
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          (3)   Long-term equity investments — Continued

                2.    Investments in subsidiaries — Continued


                                                                                                                Movements in the current period
                                                                                     Provision for                                                 Increase in                       Opening balance
                                                             Opening balance          impairment        Increase in             Decrease          share-based Closing balance           of impairment
                       Investees                            (Carrying amount)    Opening balance        investment         in investment            payments (Carrying amount)               provision

                       Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and
                         Bath Co., Ltd.                           3,016,863.30                                                                     2,863,479.53       5,880,342.83
                       Qingdao Hisense Commercial
                         Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                     5,334,046.68                                                                     4,078,949.45       9,412,996.13
                       Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
                         Marketing Co., Ltd.                     15,207,676.59                                                                     9,625,155.78      24,832,832.37
                       Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner
                         Co., Ltd.                                 476,290.07                                                                       125,532.27          601,822.34
                       Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner
                         Marketing Co., Ltd.                     16,574,088.62                                                                    10,578,848.56      27,152,937.18
                       Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.              433,324.37                                                                       250,521.43         683,845.80
                       Jiangmen Hisense Home
                         Appliances Co., Ltd.                     1,166,103.75                                                                      823,448.27        1,989,552.02
                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                         conditioner Marketing Co., Ltd.         17,844,908.20                                                                    12,987,616.96      30,832,525.16
                       Hisense (Guangdong) Air-
                         Conditioner Company Limited              5,839,370.59                                                                     7,166,514.61      13,005,885.20
                       Qingdao Johnson Controls
                         Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 103,257.11          103,257.11
                       Hisense Home Appliances
                         (Hunan) Co., Ltd.                                                            50,000,000.00                                                  50,000,000.00
                       Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital
                         Management Co., Ltd.                                                          5,000,000.00                                                   5,000,000.00


                       Total                                 5,238,067,329.59       59,381,641.00    204,821,117.29                           105,564,553.99      5,548,453,000.87      59,381,641.00




178
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        (3)   Long-term equity investments — Continued

              3.    Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                  Movements in the current period
                                                                                                                      Gains or
                                                                                                                  losses from
                                                      Opening     Provision for                                    investment    Adjustment                          Declaration                                       Closing      Opening
                                                      balance     impairment                                      recognised        or other                             of cash    Provision for                     balance     balance of
                                                     (Carrying       Opening        Increase in   Decrease in    using equity comprehensive        Other change        dividend     impairment     Changes in        (Carrying   impairment
                     Investees                        amount)        balance        investment     investment         method        income              in equity       or profit          made exchange rate         amount)      provision


                     I. Joint ventures
                        Hisense Marketing
                        Management Co., Ltd. 49,708,956.80                                                       7,917,434.22                                                                                    57,626,391.02
                        Qingdao Hisense
                        Global Asia Holding
                         Co., Ltd.               24,044,123.64                                                   -1,817,799.54      708,859.43                                                                   22,935,183.53
                     Subtotal                    73,753,080.44                                                    6,099,634.68      708,859.43                                                                   80,561,574.55


                     I . Associates
                         Qingdao Hisense
                         Jinlong Holdings
                         Co., Ltd.               406,595,770.08                                                  8,961,872.90                                                                                   415,557,642.98
                         Qingdao Hisense
                         International
                         Marketing Co., Ltd. 216,927,591.30                                                     54,505,100.11    -12,969,556.11      1,027,488.52   66,249,200.00                               193,241,423.82
                         Qingdao Hisense
                         Intel igent Electronics
                         Co., Ltd.                                                98,000,000.00                    304,210.56                       -1,400,430.66                                                96,903,779.90
                     Subtotal                    623,523,361.38                   98,000,000.00                 63,771,183.57    -12,969,556.11       -372,942.14   66,249,200.00                               705,702,846.70


                     Total                      697,276,441.82                    98,000,000.00                 69,870,818.25    -12,260,696.68      -372,942.14    66,249,200.00                               786,264,421.25




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          179
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XVII.    NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

           (4)    Operating revenue and operating costs

                  Breakdown of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                   Amount for the period             Amount for the previous period
                  Item                                             Revenue                 Cost           Revenue                Cost

                  Principal operations                      2,599,779,932.40   2,379,712,206.51    2,363,446,815.71   2,123,200,003.66
                  Other operations                            133,838,806.89     113,391,063.20      103,897,348.34      88,816,702.94


                  Total                                    2,733,618,739.29 2,493,103,269.71 2,467,344,164.05 2,212,016,706.60


           (5)    Investment gain

                                                                                                    Amount for         Amount for the
                  Item                                                                               the period       previous period

                  Gain from long-term equity investment under the cost method                  1,286,865,097.36        851,575,300.95
                  Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity method                   69,870,818.25         60,178,021.79
                  Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                            12,815,845.08         20,647,866.74


                  Total                                                                        1,369,551,760.69        932,401,189.48


  XVIII.   APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT

           This financial report was approved by the Board of the Company on 30 August 2024.




180
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


XIX.   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.    Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the period

                                                                                            Amount for
             Item                                                                        current period   Notes

             Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets (Including the
               offsetting part of the provision for impairment of assets already
               provisioned)                                                                 -188,908.54
             Government grants included in the gain or loss (excluding those
               government grants that are closely related to the Company’s
               normal business operations, that are in line with national policies,
               that are enjoyed according to defined criteria, and that have a
               sustained impact on the Company’s profit or loss)                         114,199,094.86
             Gain or loss from changes in fair value of financial assets and
               liabilities held by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss from the
               disposal of financial assets and liabilities, except for the effective
               hedging business related to the Company’s normal business
               operations                                                                 67,039,300.20
             Capital occupation fees received from non-financial enterprises that
               are included in current profit or loss
             Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted asset
               management                                                                147,523,809.07
             Gain or loss arising from entrusted loan
             Loss of assets due to force majeure factors such as natural disasters
             Reversal of impairment provision for accounts receivable individually
               tested for impairment
             Gain arising under the circumstance where the investment cost for
               acquisition of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is lower
               than the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee at
               the time the investment is acquired
             Net current profit or loss of subsidiaries arising from business
               combination under common control from beginning of year to the
               combination date
             Gain or loss arising from non-monetary assets exchange
             Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring                                  6,522,207.73
             One-off costs incurred by the enterprise as a result of discontinuation
               of relevant business activities, such as expenses for resetting
               employees
             One-off effect on current profit or loss arising from adjustments as
               required by taxation, accounting and other laws and regulations
             One-off recognition of share-based payment expense due to
               cancellation and modification of equity incentive plans
             For cash-settled share-based payments, gain or loss arising from
               changes in the fair value of employee compensation payable
               after the date on which the right is exercisable




                                                                                                                  181
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


  XIX.   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

         1.    Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the period — Continued


                                                                                         Amount for
               Item                                                                   current period               Notes

               Gain or loss arising from changes in fair value of investment
                 properties measured subsequently by using fair value model
               Gain arising from transactions at significantly unfair prices
               Gain or loss arising from contingencies unrelated to the Company’s
                 normal business operations
               Custody fee income from entrusted operations
               Other non-operating income and expense other than the
                 aforementioned items                                                   62,164,212.50
               Other profit or loss items within the meaning of non-recurring
                 profit or loss

               Subtotal                                                               397,259,715.82

               Less: Effect of income tax                                               38,550,258.11
                     Effect of minority interests (after tax)                           45,988,261.04

               Total                                                                  312,721,196.67                   –


         2.    Return on net asset and earnings per share


                                                                           Weighted           Earnings per share (RMB/share)
                                                                             average                   Basic             Diluted
                                                                            return on               earnings            earnings
               Profit for the reporting period                         net assets (%)              per share           per share

               Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                 of the parent                                                  14.00                   1.48                   1.48
               Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                 of the parent after deducting non-recurring
                 profit or loss                                                 11.82                   1.23                   1.23




                                                                                Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                30 August 2024




182
