Contents


Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2

Chairman’s Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            4

Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           9

Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     10

Corporate Governance Report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               41

Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                      64

Report of the Directors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         67

Report of the Supervisory Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 106

Financial Statements Prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise . . . . . . . 110
Definitions


This report is published in both English and Chinese. If there is any inconsistency between the English and the
Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.


In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the following
meanings:


“Articles of Association”            the articles of association of the Company currently in force


“Company”, “We”, “Hisense Home       Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. *(海信家電集團股份有限公司),
    Appliances”                      a joint stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, whose
                                     shares are listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
                                     Shenzhen Stock Exchange


“Hisense Air-Conditioning”           Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited *(青島海信空調有限公
                                     司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly
                                     controlled by Hisense Group, which holds approximately 37.23% of the issued
                                     shares of the Company


“Hisense Finance”                    Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.*(海信集團財務有限公司), a company incorporated
                                     in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group


“Hisense Group”                      H i s e n s e C o m p a n y H o l d i n g s L i m i t e d*(海信集團控股股份有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability


“Hisense Hitachi”                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. *(青島海信日立
                                     空調系統有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability
                                     and a subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Hong Kong”                  Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                                     Kong with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, which holds
                                     approximately 8.97% of the issued shares of the Company


“Hisense Marketing Management”       H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d.*(海信營銷管理有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and 50% owned by the
                                     Company


“Hisense Visual”                     Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. *(海信視像科技股份有限公司), a joint
                                     stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of
                                     Hisense Group, whose shares are listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock
                                     Exchange


“Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing g the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                                     Exchange


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited




2     Annual Report 2023
Definitions


“Johnson Hitachi”                      Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.


“PRC”                                  the People’s Republic of China


“Reporting Period”                     1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023


“RMB”                                  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Sanden Company”                       Sanden Holdings Corporation


“US$”                                  the United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“Yen”                                  Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan

*   For identification purposes only




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   3
Chairman’s Statement


Dear shareholders,


O v e r t i m e a n d w i t h a g e, w e b i d f a r e w e l l t o t h e c h a l l e n g i n g 2023 a n d u s h e r i n t h e h o p e f u l 2024. 2023 i s a n
extraordinary year in the development process of Hisense Home Appliances. In the face of the complex and ever-
changing global economic environment and the fierce competition in the home appliance industry, the Company
insisted on being market-oriented and user-centered. With more than 56,000 employees worldwide working together
to overcome difficulties, the Company has achieved sustained strong growth in both revenue and profit, with a year-
on-year increase of 15.5% in revenue and a significant increase of 97.7% in net profit attributable to the parent
company. Its performance has continued to lead the industry, and its domestic and foreign market share has hit a new
high.


I.        STICKING TO A LONG-TERM DOCTRINE AND BUILDING A SOLID FOUNDATION
          FOR DEVELOPMENT

          Over the past year, the Company adhered to the concept of long-term development, and committed to
          optimizing its organizational structure and improving its talent strategy. Through introducing core talents and
          perfecting equity incentive mechanism, the Company fully mobilized the work enthusiasm of its backbones,
          forming a closer community of interests and destiny between the employees and the enterprise. Recently, we
          successfully launched the second-phase employee stock ownership plan, which not only enhanced the market’s
          confidence in the Company’s realizing strategic vision and performance growth, but also further improved the
          medium- and long-term incentive system and optimized the corporate governance structure, providing a strong
          guarantee for realizing long-term strategic planning objectives.


II.       DRIVING DEVELOPMENT WITH INNOVATION AND LEADING A NEW CHAPTER IN
          SMART LIFE

          Keeping an eye on technological upgrading, we have more than 20 technological innovation platforms at
          the provincial and ministerial level and above, and always regard “meeting user needs” as the core of our
          development, leading continuous breakthroughs in new technologies and new products. Hisense Central Air
          Conditioner released the commercial multi-connected M3 series, which could run from -30°C to -58°C without
          stopping and cope with various extreme working conditions by virtue of excellent quality. Ronshen WILL
          borderless series refrigerators applied an AI intelligent temperature control module to enable the preservation
          effect to improve by 20% while achieving the -31°C deep cooling and freshness locking, thus winning the
          AWE2023 Excellent Product Award. Hisense Tresor C2 and C3 series household air-conditioners focused on
          the fresh air track, with a one-time filtration efficiency of over 99.99% for PM0.3. Hisense washing machines
          successfully overcome the problem of “vibration and noise” and won the Qingdao Science and Technology
          Progress Award. Hisense Dishwasher 527 new set has obtained the double certification of “Zero Bacteria
          Storage” and “Maternal and Infant Grade Dishwasher”. And Sanden Company introduced an integrated
          thermal management system using CO 2 and R290 as refrigerants, effectively increasing the heating efficiency
          of automotive air conditioners and reducing energy consumption.




4       Annual Report 2023
Chairman’s Statement


       The Company deeply grasped the market demands for intelligence, set and scenario, and continued to promote
       the landing of the “smart new life” strategy. We upgraded the Hisense Smart Home APP and the Smart Cloud
       platform to render users with high-quality smart life solutions covering all scenarios such as clothing, food,
       housing, entertainment, learning, health and care. In 2023, the number of home appliance users on Hisense
       Smart Home platform increased by 54% year-on-year, the number of monthly active home appliance users
       increased by 58% year-on-year, the NPS of home appliance intelligent experience increased by 8% year-on-
       year, and the sales volume of domestic smart home appliances increased by more than 40%. In the meantime,
       the Company actively applied AI to empower digital transformation. Ronshen WILL borderless series
       refrigerators, Hisense Tresor air-conditioner C3 series, Hisense Smart Home platform, etc. adopted AI core
       technologies such as smart temperature control, “five-dimensional air housekeeper” and voice interaction to
       continuously improve its product strength.


III.   BUILDING A BRAND MATRIX AND IMPROVING MARKET PERFORMANCE IN
       MULTIPLE DIMENSIONS

       We built a multi-brand matrix, operated eight major brands, centered on the layout of home scenarios,
       segmented the needs of different groups of people based on massive data, carried out brand positioning more
       accurately and efficiently, and used AI predictions to provide active services from the perspective of users and
       customers to offer scenario solutions and improve user experience.


       The target audience of Hisense brand will gradually transition to the technology experience oriented
       population and ultimately move towards the technology pursue oriented population. Hisense 5G + Glory Home
       series central air-conditioning products helped the Company’s IoT multi-connected market share exceed 20%;
       Hisense washing machines innovated in washing and care technology, and the Roman Holiday series won the
       honor of “Top 10 Creative Products” of AVC in 2023; and Hisense kitchen appliances won the “2023 China
       Kitchen and Bathroom Industry User Word of Mouth Award” by virtue of whole-process cooking linkage.
       Both Hitachi and York brands focused on a user group attaching importance to technology and taste, while
       Hitachi Central Air Conditioner was deeply rooted in the purification field and the air customization track,
       maintaining a leading position in the multi-connected market. York VRF adhered to the leading strategy of
       top-freon and floor-water products, successfully created the industry’s first top-freon and hot water two-
       connected central air-conditioner, and thus won the annual HVAC Industry Innovation Product Award at the
       2023 National Heating and Cooling Industry Conference.


       Ronshen brand placed emphasis on the emotional satisfaction of users, and finally focused on a refined
       and growing user base. During the Reporting Period, Ronshen refrigerators led the innovation of embedded
       systems, and the offline retail sales of its 60CM flat embedded concept refrigerators accounted for 36%,
       ranking first in the industry. Kelon launched professional sleep air-conditioners and these air-conditioner
       products with intelligent functions such as remote control and voice control, showcasing an “attractive, high-
       quality and professional” product image. ASKO and gorenje were positioned to showcase their taste. Among
       them, the artist electric package set under the gorenje by Starck master series won the 2023AWE Excellent
       Design Award for its perfect integration of aesthetics and technology. Sanden Company deepened its global
       customer development strategy, and achieved the total signed orders up by 43% year-on-year.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   5
Chairman’s Statement


        Meanwhile, the Company comprehensively laid out a lineup of mid-to-high end products under the Tresor
        series. Hisense Tresor air-conditioner C3 series applied AI to empower the “five-dimensional air housekeeper”
        strategy, with its Tresor 310 fresh-air cabinet unit ranking first in the industry. Hisense Tresor refrigerators
        linked the experience with vacuum technology, with a year-on-year increase of 2.6 percentage points in the
        market share of mid-to-high end products. Hisense Tresor dishwashers adhered to the “maternal and infant
        grade cleaning” standard and empowered the creation of a healthy kitchen, with the retail sales of Hisense
        Tresor set grown by 287%.


IV.     ACCELERATING THE PROCESS OF GLOBALIZATION AND DEEPENING SPORTS
        MARKETING TO BUILD BRILLIANCE

        In the face of the severe global economic situation, we strengthened our own brand and committed to
        expanding overseas markets and building a diversified business layout. In 2023, our overseas business
        achieved a revenue of RMB27.92 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.3%, and the proportion
        of Hisense’s own brand business has exceeded 80%. The Company accelerated its channel layout, and the
        heat pump scale of its central air-conditioning business increased by 46% year-on-year. The market share of
        its refrigerator business in Thailand in the ASEAN region increased by 2.3 points year-on-year, and that in
        Malaysia increased by 3.1 points year-on-year.


        The Company actively consolidated overseas localization construction and continued to push forward
        research, production and sales. The refrigerators and kitchen and bathroom products from the Smart Home
        Appliance Industrial Park located in Monterrey, Mexico have tapped into the mass production stage, providing
        strong support for Hisense to further develop the North American market and accelerate its overseas industrial
        layout. Hisense’s full range products expanded business development and brand building in the ASEAN
        region, with an overall revenue growth of more than 20% year-on-year in 2023, including a revenue growth
        of more than 70% for Hisense brand. The new refrigerant air-conditioning system of Sanden Company was
        designated for development by international car companies, and has successfully won a historic order for
        HVAC business in the European market.


        We continued to deepen our efforts in sports marketing by sponsoring world-class football events, aiming at
        continuously enhance our brand’s visibility and influence in the global market. Hisense Group has officially
        become the official global partner for the Euro 2024 in Germany, which move marks Hisense’s strength and
        determination in sports marketing, successfully combining its brand with top tier events, conveying its brand
        charm to global consumers, and becoming a golden business card for domestic brands in overseas markets.


V.      LEADING GREEN TRANSFORMATION OF THE INDUSTRY AND PROMOTING
        SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT WITH INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES

        Relying on technological innovation and process reengineering, we continue to practice green transformation.
        In active response to the national carbon neutrality policy, the Company laid out the strategy of light storage,
        direct flexibility and low carbon, and obtained the first batch of DC air-conditioner certificates for its full-
        effect direct drive series of commercial multi-connected machines, setting a benchmark for green development
        of the industry. The Company launched the ECO-B smart building mobile APP, reducing building operating
        costs by 20%, and giving strong support for the landing of building digitalization. The Company released the
        home energy management system, applying the integrated intelligent control technologies in photovoltaic,
        energy storage, heat pump and set home appliances, and achieving energy saving by 13%. And it is the first in
        the field of thermal management system that develops miniaturized and mid-level double-layer flow HVAC,
        achieving technological leadership in spatial layout and low energy consumption.




6     Annual Report 2023
Chairman’s Statement


      The Company continued to move towards the higher goal of low-carbon and emission reduction, and has made
      a comprehensive layout on the green road. So far, it has established 7 national green factories, 2 green supply
      chains and 5 industrial product green design demonstration enterprises.


VI.   ACTIVELY FULFILLING SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND CONTINUOUSLY GIVING
      BACK TO INVESTORS AND THE SOCIETY

      The Company has always placed investor returns and social responsibility in an important position. In the
      past decade, the Company has accumulatively distributed the dividends of about RMB3.6 billion to its small
      and medium shareholders, reflecting its long-term commitment and returns to shareholders. In 2023, along
      with the rapid growth of the Company’s performance, the Board of Directors proposed to maintain a high
      dividend ratio and continuously raise the total dividend amount, further demonstrating the Company’s respect
      and guarantee of shareholder interests. Meanwhile, the Company actively repurchased shares and conducted a
      cumulative repurchase of RMB210 million during the year, further enhancing shareholder confidence.


      Furthermore, we actively fulfill our social responsibilities and devote ourselves to public welfare undertakings.
      In the field of poverty alleviation through education, the Company set up facilities such as “Hisense School”,
      “Love Laundry Room” and “Love Drawing Room” for some poor schools scattered in Dingxi, Gansu Province,
      a key poverty alleviation area, and also donated educational materials such as books, desks, chairs and home
      appliances, aiming at creating a better learning environment for children in these remote areas. Since its
      launch 6 years ago, Hisense Vacuum Refrigerator · Yuchen Student Aid Program has benefited more than
      200,000 people, embodying the Company’s continued positive contributions to educational undertaking and
      rural revitalization. In addition, the Company also actively responded to national policies by participating in
      activities such as rural revitalization, post-disaster construction assistance and home appliances going to the
      countryside, continuously practicing its corporate social responsibility.


      During the Reporting Period, Hisense Home Appliances was awarded among the China Top 100 Technology
      Enterprises in the Light Industry for its outstanding performance in research and development, intelligent
      manufacturing and market operation, and ranked among the top 4 in the list. In addition, the Company has
      also won many authoritative awards in the industry such as “Top 500 Enterprises in Guangdong” and “Top
      100 Manufacturing Enterprises”. Thanks to its continuous efforts in the field of low-carbon environmental
      protection, the Company was included in the 2023-2024 Hang Seng A-share Sustainable Development
      Enterprise Benchmark Index, and became the only enterprise in the home appliance industry to win the “Carbon
      Neutrality Model Enterprise Award” for two consecutive sessions in the ESG Leader Summit. By virtue
      of its outstanding performance in the capital market, the Company won awards such as Phoenix Satellite
      Television’s “Most Growing Listed Company” in terms of Hong Kong stocks, StockStar’s “2023 Most
      Investment Value Award”, and Boao’s 2023 (Industry) Outstanding Value Listed Company during the period.
      In the global market, Hisense Home Appliances continued to rise in terms of its brand influence, and won the
      honor of “2023 (Industry) International Influential Brand” at the Boao Summit.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   7
Chairman’s Statement


      Looking ahead to 2024, the stability of the global context will be challenged, the uncertainty of the global
      economy will rise, and the innovation and development of artificial intelligence will continue to make
      breakthroughs, all of which will undoubtedly bring profound changes to the home appliance industry. Faced
      with these challenges and opportunities, we will change in persistence and innovate in inheritance. We will
      continue to improve the long-term mechanism and enhance the organizational efficiency. In the meantime,
      we will adhere to the user-centered approach, create a brand positioning of “people-oriented technology”
      and “premium quality”, and continue to enhance brand and marketing capabilities. In addition, we will
      deepen digital transformation around the three main lines of products, customers and users, and continuously
      strengthen digital development, marketing and operation capabilities. Finally, we will upgrade our global
      regional centers, build five overseas regional centers in Europe, America, ASEAN, Central and East Africa,
      and Asia-Pacific, and constantly promote localized operations in overseas markets.


      With this opportunity, we would like to express our sincere thanks to our shareholders for their continued
      trust and support. We will continue to uphold our entrepreneurial aspirations, forge ahead, actively listen to
      opinions from all parties with a more open attitude, continuously optimize corporate governance structure
      as well as enhance corporate value to create more lucrative returns for the investors. So, let’s make progress
      together to unveil a more brilliant chapter of Hisense Home Appliances!




8   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN CHINA                           TELEPHONE

No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui, Shunde, Foshan,        (852)    2593 5622
Guangdong Province, The People’s Republic of China   (86-757) 2836 2866


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                       FAX

Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148     (852)    2802 8085
Connaught Road West, Hong Kong                       (86-757) 2836 1055


SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF                           EMAIL ADDRESS
DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                     hxjdzqb@hisense.com
Board Secretary: Ms. Zhang Yu Xin
Company Secretary: Ms. Wong Tak Fong                 COMPANY WEBSITE

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                           hxjd.hisense.cn


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                    AUDITORS
Ms. Gao Yu Ling
                                                     ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
INVESTOR COMMUNICATION CENTRE                        9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited    the People’s Republic of China
17Mth Floor, Hopewell Center,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   9
Management Discussion and Analysis


I.     STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE
       REPORTING PERIOD

       1.       Overview of the Domestic Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioner (“HVAC”) Market


               (1)        Central air-conditioner market


                          According to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the overall market capacity of
                          the central air-conditioner industry increased by 4.6% year-on-year in 2023. Among these,
                          centrifuges and two-connected supply products performed well in the market, while multi-
                          connected machines grew steadily as weighted products, remaining the largest product category
                          in the central air-conditioner market, accounting for 48.7% of the industry and experiencing a
                          3.3% year-on-year increase in market scale.


                          In the context of dual-carbon and new infrastructure, China continues to intensify its support
                          for emerging industries, boosting the growth of the commercial fit-out market. In 2023, the
                          commercial fit-out market achieved a strong rebound, representing a year-on-year increase
                          o f 5.7% i n s c a l e. T h e c o m m e r c i a l f i t-o u t m a r k e t h a s g r a d u a l l y e x p a n d e d i n t o h i g h-e n d
                          manufacturing, data centers, photovoltaic, lithium battery, energy storage, new energy and other
                          emerging industrial manufacturing fields. During the year, the investment in public construction
                          projects in China increased by 8%, with rail transit increasing by nearly 10% and the emerging
                          industrial manufacturing fields experiencing high-speed growth of 18%.


                          The home fit-out retail market was affected by the weak real estate market and the weakened
                          demands, resulting in a 2.1% year-on-year increase in the scale of the home fit-out market
                          in 2023. The home fit-out market still faces certain challenges. Meanwhile, users’ demands
                          continued to undergo iterative upgrades focused on “health, comfort, energy saving and
                          intelligence”, resulting in significant growth in the improved market. The two-connected
                          supplies have become the fastest-growing products in the industry, with a growth rate of 14%,
                          thereby driving the industry’s transformation and upgrade from central air-conditioner to air-
                          conditioner, floor heating, purification and fresh air integrated system solutions.


               (2)        Household air-conditioner market


                          According to the omni-channel general data from AVC (奧維雲網), the retail volume increased
                          by 6.5% year-on-year and the retail sales increased by 7.5% year-on-year in the domestic air-
                          conditioner market in 2023.


                          Household air-conditioner products were continually upgraded and innovated to meet consumer
                          demands. With increasing consumer demand for indoor air freshness and oxygen aeration, the
                          market for fresh-air hangers is growing rapidly, with the online and offline growth of 10.4% and
                          20.7% year-on-year, respectively, according to the monitoring data from AVC. Intelligent voice
                          air-conditioner empowers consumers with more advanced features and intelligent experience
                          demands, with the online sales increasing by 20.7% year-on-year.




10   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


   2.   Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market


        (1)   Domestic refrigerator market


              According to the omni-channel general data from AVC, the retail volume of the domestic
              refrigerator market increased by 1.5% year-on-year in 2023 and the retail sales increased by 7.0%
              year-on-year.


              Under the market structure dominated by high ownership and rejuvenation demand, refrigerator
              products continue to develop towards high-end, flat embedding and home scenarios. High-end
              products are continuously increasing their market share, with hot-selling items such as cross
              four-door and French-style refrigerators remaining favored by users. Meanwhile, the demand of
              embedded refrigerators is also rising, with the penetration rate of offline retail sales increasing
              from 18.1% in 2021 to 36.7% in 2023. On the other hand, industry sales have been targeting
              emerging channels, and online and offline channels have been further integrated. And the retail
              sales of refrigerators through the TikTok e-commerce platform increased by 113% year-on-year.


        (2)   Domestic washing machine market


              According to the omni-channel general data from AVC, the retail volume of the washing
              machine market increased by 3.4% year-on-year in 2023, and the retail sales increased by 5.8%
              year-on-year.


              Driven by the popularity of clothes dryers and the trend of trade-ins, the industry scale of
              domestic washing machines achieved a certain growth, especially with a steady recovery in
              the offline market. In the segmented market, the washing and drying joint operations have
              grown strongly, and users’ awareness and acceptance of clothes dryers have been significantly
              enhanced. Ultra-thin embedded drum washing machines have also achieved a rapid growth
              alongside the trend of home integration. Users’ demands for personal health classification
              care have increasingly subdivided, and mini washing machines continue to innovate in form,
              stimulating expanding scale.


        (3)   Domestic kitchen appliance market


              According to the omni-channel general data from AVC, the retail volume of the kitchen and
              bathroom market in China increased by 0.8% year-on-year, and the retail sales increased by 5.3%
              year-on-year in 2023.


              In the kitchen and bathroom industry, different categories of kitchen appliances showed a
              clear differentiation trend. The rigid-demand category including hoods, cookers, electric water
              heaters and gas water heaters, rebounded rapidly after a relatively low growth in the past, with a
              year-on-year increase of 6.5% in scale. The quality-life-demand category including dishwashers,
              disinfection cabinets and water purifiers suffered from a low penetration rate, with a year-on-
              year increase of 8.6% in scale. The integrated-product category including integrated stoves has
              experienced a certain decline in growth rate after high growth in previous years, with a year-on-
              year decrease of 4.0%.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   11
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.       Overview of the Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management
                Market


                According to the statistics from IHS, in 2023, the cumulative production of compressors in the global
                automotive industry was about 85.23 million units, an increase of about 6.4% year-on-year. The global
                automotive market experienced a rapid growth as a whole. Total production in the Greater China was
                about 26.93 million units, representing a 1.99% year-on-year increase. The development of new energy
                vehicles remains robust, with the global production of new energy vehicles reaching about 21.35
                million units, an increase of more than 35.1% year-on-year, accounting for 25% of the total. Among
                them, the production of new energy vehicles in the Greater China market was about 9.68 million units,
                an increase of about 22% year-on-year, accounting for 36% of the total.


                With the continuous and accelerated development in electrification, intelligence, networking and
                sharing in the automotive industry, high-voltage fast charging, battery thermal safety, temperature
                control management of electric motor control, and reduction of endurance mileage attenuation in
                winter have brought significant development space to the new energy vehicle market. Systems and
                components such as wide temperature range and multi-heat source waste heat recovery heat pumps,
                ultra-high pressure electric compressors, double-layer flow air conditioner boxes and water heaters
                have gradually become the mainstream demands for thermal management of new energy vehicles.
                Additionally, under the backdrop of global carbon neutrality, natural refrigerant thermal management
                systems such as R744 and R290, compressors and heat exchangers, etc. have gradually shifted from
                research and development to the early stage of practical application and development.


       4.       Overview of the Smart Home Market


                In 2023, the smart home market in China faced dual challenges from both the macro consumption
                environment and its own development cycle, resulting in a slowdown in scale growth rate. However,
                the market is expected to gradually pick up with the upgrading of consumer demands. According to
                Statista, a think tank, the global smart home market is expected to grow from USD117.6 billion in
                2022 to USD222.9 billion in 2027. Accompanied by technological upgrading, ecological improvement
                and channel expansion, consumers’ acceptance of the smart home market will gradually enhance. The
                penetration rate of smart homes is expected to rise from 14.2% in 2022 to 28.8% in 2027, indicating a
                significant market space.


                On 12 July 2023, 13 departments including the Ministry of Commerce introduced a series of measures
                to promote home consumption, supporting enterprises to accelerate the research and development of
                smart home appliances, smart sleep, smart audio-visual entertainment and other products, This initiative
                aims to advance the interconnection among smart home devices, and promote the development of
                single product intelligence to whole house intelligence. In the future, the smart home market will focus
                on seven scenarios: smart lighting, home infrastructure, air management, security management, audio-
                visual entertainment, home cleaning and cooking. Smart home scenarios will gradually extend to home
                infrastructure covering water, electricity, gas and heating, deepening integrated management from
                linkage control to comprehensive safety, health and energy saving. Meanwhile, the intelligentization of
                home infrastructure will drive the intelligent upgrade of related equipment and stimulate the innovation
                in smart home equipment in function and form.




12   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


      5.   Overseas Home Appliance Market


           In 2023, influenced by factors such as the rebound of overseas demands, the decline in overseas
           inventories, the reduction in shipping prices and the low base for the same period, the demand in the
           overseas home appliance market has significantly improved. Countries along the “Belt and Road”,
           including those in Southeast Asia, the Middle East and Africa, are emerging as new growth points in
           the overseas home appliance markets, with the penetration rate of home appliances continuing to rise.
           Refrigerator products continue to grow in the European market, while demand for refrigerator products
           is gradually recovering in the North American market. Washing machine products have demonstrated
           stable performance in the Asian market and growing demand in the European market. The demand for
           air-conditioner products is increasing in Southeast Asia and other markets.


           Additionally, the green upgrading and innovation of home appliances, along with the acceleration
           of globalization layout, are also the driving forces behind the industry’s growth overseas. Product
           intelligence, high-end and branding have become new trends in the overseas home appliance market.


II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD

      1.   HVAC Business


           (1)   Central air-conditioner business


                  The Company actively responds to the national “double carbon” policy, focusing on user
                  demands, continuously introduces industry-leading products through technological innovation,
                  and leads the development of central air-conditioner business in the home fit-out market,
                  commercial fit-out market and new industries. In 2023, the central air-conditioner business
                  achieved a year-on-year increase of 9.3% in main business revenue and 20.5% in total profit,
                  with its multi-connected market share reaching more than 20%, maintaining a leading position
                  in the industry.


                  ①      In terms of home fit-out business, the Company is deeply engaged in the fields of
                         “health, intelligence, energy saving” while focusing on users, providing comfortable
                         and convenient air experience solutions.


                         During the Reporting Period, the Company gained deep insight into the increasing
                         demands of users for the home environment and continuously innovated and launched
                         personalized and integrated air solutions. The Company meticulously developed a home-
                         feel air customization system and successfully iterated and upgraded it to Version
                         2.0, achieving comprehensive control of air conditioning, underfloor heating, fresh
                         air, dehumidification and humidification, thereby delivering the ultimate healthy and
                         comfortable experience to users. Additionally, the Company introduced the innovative
                         “ThinkAir Active All-Health Air Solution” and released a series 5G + Glory Home of
                         central air-conditioner products, receiving positive feedback from users. By integrating
                         IoT and AI technology, “all-round air housekeepers” not only possessed subjective
                         consciousness and thinking ability, but also can realize active air management, further
                         meeting the personalized needs of users.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   13
Management Discussion and Analysis


                              Meanwhile, the Company continued to optimize its two-connected supply products
                              matrix. The Company launched the water-comfort VRF full variable frequency series,
                              which can maintain system stability and meet the low-carbon lifestyle of high-end
                              users in large space with complicated room functions. York VRF adhered to the leading
                              strategy of top-freon and floor-water (天氟地水) products, successfully creating the
                              industry’s first top-freon and hot water two-connected central air-conditioner, winning
                              the annual HVAC Industry Innovation Product Award at the 2023 National Heating
                              and Cooling Industry Conference (全國冷暖產業大會). The top-freon and floor-freon
                              (天氟地氟) t w o-c o n n e c t e d p r o d u c t s r e l e a s e d b y K e l o n c a r r i e d t h e a i r s o u r c e h e a t
                              pump technology and adopted capillary copper tube floor heating, achieving efficient
                              refrigeration and heating while effectively reducing energy consumption. The Company
                              is committed to providing users with high-quality and energy-efficient product solutions.
                              According to the statistics from AICON, the market share of Hisense’s two-connected
                              products increased to over 20% in 2023, fully proving that the Company’s innovation
                              strategy and product strength have been widely recognized by the market.


                          ②   In terms of engineering business, the Company seized the opportunity of dual-
                              carbon development and led the cutting-edge technology layout of the industry.


                              T h e C o m p a n y r e l e a s e d t h e n e x t g e n e r a t i o n o f c o m m e r c i a l m u l t i-c o n n e c t e d M3
                              series, which operated continuously from -30˚C to 58˚C through wide-range ambient
                              temperature operation in refrigeration and heating. It could precisely control the
                              temperature, humidity and cleanliness, meeting the needs of various scenarios such as
                              production, storage and testing. At the same time, Hitachi’s top-freon and floor-water
                              series achieved explosive growth in the field of building support, with a growth rate
                              exceeding 100%.


                              In active response to the national carbon neutrality policy, the Company built a full-
                              effect direct drive series of commercial multi-connected machines that could effectively
                              improve power conversion efficiency, obtaining the first batch of DC air-conditioner
                              certificates in China. The highest energy efficiency of the new generation of water source
                              variable frequency multi-connected machines has reached the top level in the industry,
                              enabling the Company to obtain a number of characteristic product certifications due
                              to excellent energy efficiency and intelligent variable flow. Its innovative four-tube
                              multi-connected machines greatly reduced energy consumption, achieving a remarkable
                              energy-saving effect of nearly 50%, and have been applied in numerous domestic data
                              centers, archives, lithium battery processing workshops of automotive factories and other
                              projects.


                              F u r t h e r m o r e, t h e C o m p a n y c o n t i n u e d t o b r e a k t h r o u g h i n g r e e n a n d e f f i c i e n t
                              technological innovation, promoting the market share of Hisense’s commercial fit-out
                              series to reach more than 10%.




14   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


             ③      In terms of new industries, the Company was committed to providing overall
                    energy-saving and low-carbon solutions for government public building renovation,
                    industrial manufacturing, rail transit and other segments, thereby aiding the high-
                    speed growth of the second curve.


                    I n t h e s m a r t b u i l d i n g s e g m e n t, t h e C o m p a n y l a u n c h e d t h e E C O-B s m a r t b u i l d i n g
                    mobile APP, achieving full-scenario and full-project lifecycle energy saving from air-
                    conditioning intelligent control, building automatic control, energy management to
                    smart operation and maintenance. This meets the segmented needs of various industries,
                    effectively reducing building operating costs by 20% and assisting in the implementation
                    and application of digital buildings. The Company ceremoniously released the home
                    energy management system at IFA and CES exhibitions, applying integrated intelligent
                    control technologies in photovoltaic, energy storage, heat pump and set home appliances
                    to achieve energy saving by 13%. This empowers whole-house energy management,
                    green power supply and optimal utilization.


                    In the heat pump fresh air segment, the Company helped to transform the northern
                    clean energy heating market, achieving nearly 40% energy-saving results. During this
                    period, the shipment amount of the new air Q5 products increased by 100% year-on-
                    year. In the water heater segment, the Company broke through the rail transit and data
                    center industries, deeply cultivated clean energy, large industry and other sub-sectors,
                    and realized the application in factories, hospitals and other scenarios, achieving a 50%
                    increase in revenue during the Reporting Period.


       (2)   Household air-conditioner business


             The household air-conditioner business upheld the new mission of “building air conditioner as
             the central indoor air housekeeper, improving the living environment and benefiting hundreds
             of millions of families”, and focused on upgrading the technologies and products of Hisense and
             Kelon. According to the omni-channel general data from AVC, the online and offline retail sales
             of household air-conditioners increased by 41.4% and 14.3%, respectively in 2023, which is 26
             points and 10 points higher than the industry growth rate, respectively.


             ①      Hisense brand highlights fresh air, providing users with scenario-based, systematic,
                    intelligent and diversified whole-house air solutions through its all-weather air
                    management technology.


                    Hisense Air Conditioner continued to deepen its layout in the mid-to-high-end market,
                    a n d l a u n c h e d a s e r i e s o f h i g h-q u a l i t y p r o d u c t s i n c l u d i n g T r e s o r C2, C3 a n d X6,
                    achieving the perfect integration of indoor comfortable temperature and healthy air for
                    users to freely enjoy fresh air at home. Among them, 5 models have successfully entered
                    the TOP10 of the fresh-air market segment, with Hisense Tresor 72C310 fresh-air cabinet
                    topping the segmented market list, and the Tresor C3 cabinet and hanger combination
                    even winning the AWE2023 Excellent Product Award.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      15
Management Discussion and Analysis


                              The Company released a five-dimensional air housekeeper of “temperature, humidity,
                              wind, purification and oxygen” to create an extremely comfortable experience for users
                              through all-around air management. Hisense X620 fresh air hanger has become an ideal
                              choice for study scenarios due to its two advantages of large fresh air volume and mute.
                              Hisense Chunfeng A3 innovates against the pain points of users with respect to uneven
                              temperature and direct wind blowing of traditional air-conditioners. The first hidden
                              air machine is convenient to disassemble and wash independently, and the hidden fully
                              closed tuyere is designed to lead the innovation trend of the air conditioning industry.


                              Hisense Air Conditioner has always been committed to tackling users’ pain points and
                              responding to multiple demands efficiently. According to the monitoring data from AVC,
                              mid-to-high-end retail sales of Hisense Air Conditioner significantly increased by 43.7%
                              year-on-year, and the offline fresh air market share of fresh air conditioners increased by
                              12 percentage points year-on-year, firmly ranking among Top 2 in the industry. These
                              achievements fully prove Hisense Air Conditioner’s outstanding strength in innovating
                              products and meeting user needs.


                          ②   Kelon Air Conditioner builds an Internet air conditioner brand that rejuvenates the
                              vitality of changes and realizes a double breakthrough in brand reputation and sales
                              volume.


                              Kelon Air Conditioner keeps up with the aesthetic trend of the new generation, delving
                              deep into the diversified needs of young consumers, and actively promoting rejuvenation
                              a n d u p g r a d i n g o f i t s p r o d u c t s b a s e d o n t h e c o n c e p t o f h o m e i n t e r c o n n e c t i o n. T o
                              satisfying the pursuit of high-quality sleep among young people, Kelon Air Conditioner
                              has launched a professional sleep air conditioner; in response to the desire for smart
                              home appliances among young people, Kelon Air Conditioner has also launched a
                              type of air-conditioner products with intelligent functions such as remote control and
                              voice control; and meanwhile, considering the concern for health and energy saving
                              among young people, Kelon Air Conditioner has also launched efficient, energy-saving,
                              environmental and healthy air-conditioner products.


                              Kelon Air Conditioner continuously engages young user groups through a series of
                              immersive marketing methods of lifestyle-oriented and easily spread, carrying out
                              innovative marketing iterations and upgrades. With the help of the New Youth Music
                              Festival IP, Kelon Air Conditioner unlocked the coolness of early summer together
                              with more than 50,000 music fans, resonating with young emotions and showcasing
                              the brand’s “attractive, high-quality and professional” product image and positive
                              interconnected brand transformation attitude to the public. With this series of brand
                              strategic transformation, brand image building and dissemination, Kelon Air Conditioner
                              won the title of Fashionable Air Conditioner Brand Preferred by Young People in
                              China’s Air Conditioning Industry in 2022-2023.




16   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


   2.   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


        (1)   Refrigerator Business


              The refrigerator business continues to optimize and enhance the scenario-based experience for
              users and families. In 2023, the refrigerator business achieved remarkable results, with a 18.7%
              increase in main business revenue. According to the omni-channel general data from AVC,
              retail sales increased by 17.8% year-on-year, and market share increased by 1.6 percentage
              point during the Reporting Period.


              ①      Ronshen Refrigerator leads the new trend of embedding, high volume ratio and
                     ultimate freshness preservation to meet consumers’ demands for home furnishings
                     quality.


                     In the process of user demands evolving towards home appliances and home furnishings,
                     Ronshen Refrigerator has launched a flat embedded and high volume ratio 506 product,
                     upgrading its intelligent and sensory dual purification system. This system dynamic
                     identifies and purifies the refrigeration space, ensuring that the air quality and ingredient
                     freshness in the refrigerator are always optimal. In the second half of 2023, it won the
                     industry’s Top 1 performance. Additionally, Ronshen WILL Borderless Series 605
                     refrigerator incorporates an AI intelligent temperature control module to achieve a
                     dynamic temperature balance, improving overall preservation effectiveness by 20%
                     compared to traditional refrigerators while achieving -31˚C deep cooling and freshness
                     locking, earning the AWE2023 Excellent Product Award. The retail volume of Ronshen
                     60CM flat-embedded concept refrigerator in the offline market accounts for as high
                     as 36%, firmly ranking first in the industry. Ronshen Refrigerator took the lead the
                     formulation the industry’s first freshness preservation standard, pushing the whole
                     industry to a higher standard.


              ②      Hisense Refrigerator takes vacuum technology as the core, and tailors a unique
                     spatial art kitchen for high-end families in China.


                     Starting with Hisense Tresor Vacuum Refrigerator, Hisense Refrigerator constructs
                     a complete set of intelligent cooking scenarios. The vacuum cube PRO, carried by
                     Artist 509 Refrigerator, achieves fresh-keeping and separate storage, offering users a
                     refined storage experience. Hisense Tresor Refrigerator 607 invests core research and
                     development strength to achieve zero-distance door opening and invisible embedment.
                     Tresor 503 applies vacuum negative pressure fresh-locking technology to slow down
                     ingredient oxidation effectively. It adopts precious metal cold catalyst antibacterial
                     technology to eliminate psychrophilic bacteria quickly, with an antibacterial rate as
                     high as 99.99%, and ranks among the TOP20 in the industry in the first period of sales
                     after its market launch. Hisense Refrigerator continues to optimize its mid-to-high-end
                     product layout. According to the omni-channel general data from AVC, the sales share of
                     Hisense’s offline middle and high-end refrigerator products (unit price above RMB8,700)
                     reached 12.0% in 2023, a year-on-year increase of 1.8 percentage points, and a year-on-
                     year increase of 68% in revenue for the high-end brand Tresor series.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   17
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          ③         Developing new channels, and empowering a new retail pattern.

                                    In the refrigerator segment, the Company focused on expanding new channels, while
                                    reforming online and offline product patterns. It vigorously expanded brand self-operated
                                    matrix accounts, and innovated live streaming and content marketing. In 2023, the scale
                                    of new channels like TikTok and Kwai increased by 151% year-on-year, achieving
                                    remarkable results in channel expansion, and injecting new vitality into the sustainable
                                    development of the refrigerator business.

               (2)        Washing machine

                          The washing machine business pioneered the running water washing technology, and
                          constantly innovated washing technology and product experience, achieving a growth of
                          53.6% in main business revenue in 2023.

                          The Hisense washing machine applies the first running water washing technology, fully
                          s t i m u l a t i n g w a t e r a c t i v i t y i n t h e w a s h i n g p r o c e s s, r e d u c i n g w a s h i n g t i m e b y 20%, a n d
                          enhancing decontamination ability by 22% and sterilization rate by 99.99%. Meanwhile, it can
                          prevent scale formation and prevent clothes from turning yellow and hard after being washed.
                          The running water washing technology of Hisense won the “2023 Annual Technological
                          Innovation Achievement” award issued by China Household Electrical Appliances Research
                          Institute (CHEARI). The L3 products carrying the running water washing technology have been
                          ranked TOP1 in the best-selling list of washing machines in Shandong Province for many times,
                          being widely praised by users. The unique Roman Holiday washing machine was created for
                          young users of Generation Z, and deeply favored by these young users due to its super-high
                          fashionable retro appearance and extremely smart rounded corner design. In the first month of
                          its release, the history of omni-channel sales of the innovative product has been broken through.
                          Hisense Tresor C2 washing and drying set is designed on the basis of stricter standards for
                          removing fungi, truly solving the pain points of intimate clothing care for women, infants and
                          young children. During the Reporting Period, the washing machine segment won the first place
                          in the gold medal of Qingdao “Mayor Cup” Industrial Design Competition, and Hisense Rome
                          Holiday washing machine won the honor of “Top 10 Creative Products” of AVC in 2023.

               (3)        Kitchen appliances

                          The kitchen appliances business integrates home appliance design with home aesthetics,
                          realizing full-process cooking linkage in the kitchen. The scale of kitchen appliances
                          increased by 66% year-on-year in 2023.

                          H i s e n s e D i s h w a s h e r 527 S e t i s c o n f i g u r e d w i t h a u n i q u e u n i v e r s a l s p r a y s y s t e m a n d
                          pasteurization technology, achieving the standard of “maternal-infant level detergent washing”
                          in the whole process of washing, sterilization, drying, storage and purification. It won the “Zero
                          Bacteria Storage Certification for Dishwashers” and the “Performance Certification for Maternal
                          and Infant Dishwashers”, becoming the first batch of dishwasher brands certified by CHEARI.
                          Additionally, it won the 2023 China Kitchen and Bathroom Industry Innovation Product Award
                          in the China Kitchen and Bathroom Industry Innovation and Development Summit hosted
                          by AVC. Hisense branded hoods have been iteratively upgraded in performance and form,
                          launching a series of new crossover products with top-side double suction and ultra-thin low
                          suction. Its stoves have completed the iteration of flat plate burner technology, achieving the
                          industry’s first research and application of circular seam flat plate uniform fire burner, reaching
                          a leading level in the industry. And at the China Kitchen and Bathroom Industry Innovation and
                          Development Summit, the Company won the “2023 China Kitchen and Bathroom Industry User
                          Word of Mouth Award”.


18   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


   3.   Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business


        Sanden Company leverages its advantages and the synergistic resources of the Hisense to continuously
        drive the transition from a compressor-based component supplier to a supplier of integrated thermal
        m a n a g e m e n t s y s t e m f o r n e w e n e r g y v e h i c l e. D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e a u t o m o t i v e a i r
        conditioner compressor and integrated thermal management segment achieved a revenue of 9.05
        billion.


        (1)      A t t h e s y s t e m l e v e l, f o c u s i n g o n g r e e n u p g r a d i n g a n d a c h i e v i n g c o m p r e h e n s i v e
                 breakthroughs in thermal management system and core components.


                  Sanden Company launched integrated thermal management system using CO 2 and R290 as
                  refrigerants, built two sets of direct and indirect integrated thermal management system (ITMS)
                  solutions incorporating heat pump technology, secondary circulation waterway, waste heat
                  recovery technology, and more. These systems provide balanced temperature management
                  for the cabin, battery, motor and electronic control of electric vehicles, effectively enhancing
                  driving comfort, extending winter endurance mileage, and aligning with the trend of energy
                  saving and emission reduction. Meanwhile, the highly integrated, miniaturized, universal
                  and serialized design not only reduces costs effectively, but also meets the customization
                  requirements of different customers promptly.


                  The new Gen5 electric compressor platform is compatible with various refrigerants like
                  R1234yf, CO 2 and R290, leading the industry in terms of high pressure, miniaturization, low
                  vibration and noise and high energy efficiency. This platform reduces refrigerant charge in
                  vehicle heat pump air conditioning system and adheres more closely to principles of lightweight
                  and compactness.


                  Utilizing innovative technologies like membrane heating, the ECH product line has been
                  expanded, ensuring normal battery operation in low-temperature environments and providing
                  a comfortable experience for drivers and passengers. Sanden Company is the first in the
                  industry to develops miniaturized and mid-level double-layer flow HVAC systems, achieving
                  technological leadership in spatial layout and low energy consumption.


        (2)      At the market level, firmly prioritizing customer needs and fully leveraging the global
                 collaborative mechanism.


                  The Company continuously strengthened the confidence of strategic customer cooperation,
                  deepened the implementation of global customer development strategy, and intensified the
                  promotion of thermal management systems and core accessories together with key global
                  customers, especially those in Europe, the United States and China. Sanden Company made a
                  historic breakthrough with key customers worldwide, successfully securing HVAC and ECH
                  business from strategic customers in thermal management core components in Europe, acquiring
                  ECH business of key customers in Japan, and securing key air conditioner box business in
                  China. The total signing amount increased by 43% year-on-year, laying a solid foundation for
                  large-scale and deepened global collaborative business in the future.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023       19
Management Discussion and Analysis


       4.       Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business


                D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e C o m p a n y, f a c i n g s e v e r e m a c r o s i t u a t i o n s, a c c e l e r a t e d t h e
                enhancement of its overseas brands’ influence, deepened localization construction, and advanced
                research, production and sales collaboration. In 2023, its overseas business realized revenue of
                RMB27.92 billion, a year-on-year increase of 12.3%. At the same time, the newly established joint
                venture empowered the expansion of brand building in the ASEAN region. In 2023, the overall revenue
                of the ASEAN region increased by more than 20% year-on-year, with over 70% year-on-year growth in
                self-owned brand business.


               (1)        HVAC Business


                          ①         T h e c e n t r a l a i r-c o n d i t i o n e r b u s i n e s s h a s c o n t i n u o u s l y i m p r o v e d i t s o v e r s e a s
                                    marketing system, and developed strategic markets in Europe.


                                    In 2023, the scale of European strategic markets increased by 45% year-on-year, driving
                                    the overall growth of self-operated business by 35%. The overseas business strategy
                                    of multi-connection and dual-core drive for heat pumps was proposed in the central
                                    air-conditioner business which provided customers with professional and healthy air
                                    system solutions. The scale of the heat pump increased by 46% year-on-year, and the
                                    breakthroughs were achieved in major water heater projects in Central Asia and other
                                    regions, establishing a model project for the development of overseas water heater. The
                                    dual-core drive strategy in overseas markets has shown significant effects.


                          ②         The household air-conditioner business accelerated the expansion of channel layout
                                    and empowered overseas terminal retail.


                                    Driven by the refinement of Connect-life smart home sets, the household air-conditioner
                                    has vigorously expanded the professional channels in America and Asia-Pacific while
                                    continuing to consolidate the traditional advantages in professional channels in Europe
                                    and the Middle East. In the ASEAN market, Malaysia’s market share increased by 3.8
                                    percentage points year-on-year.


               (2)        Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


                          ①         The refrigerator and freezer business has deepened research, production and sales
                                    collaboration and continuously improved the structure of mid-to-high-end products.


                                    The refrigerator and freezer business continued to focus on localization construction
                                    and expand its channel distribution. In the European market, sales in Western Europe
                                    increased by 16.5% year-on-year, with a year-on-year increase of 1.2 percentage points
                                    in the market share, while sales in Eastern Europe increased by 25.1% year-on-year,
                                    with a year-on-year increase of 2.4 percentage points in the market share. The industry
                                    average price and the price index have outperformed the industry level. In the American
                                    Market, the first-year operation of the Monterrey Household Appliances Industrial Park
                                    in Mexico has also provided a delivery guarantee for the refrigerator and freezer business
                                    in America. In the ASEAN market, Thailand’s market share increased by 2.3 percentage
                                    points year-on-year, and Malaysia’s market share increased by 3.1 percentage points
                                    year-on-year.


20   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


              ②      The washing machine business deeply cultivated washing and drying integrated
                     machine products, providing energy-efficient solutions.


                     The washing machine business focused on users’ pain points and usage scenarios,
                     accounting for the first place in many market segments in Europe, with overseas market
                     sales increasing by 66.9% and maintaining rapid growth. The Company focused on
                     promoting energy consumption savings. The energy efficiency of these energy-efficient
                     washing machines launched in Europe and Australia increased by 30%.


              ③      Technological innovation in the kitchen appliance business is leading growth.


                     Adhering to the brand concept of “Global Technology and Healthy Kitchen”, the kitchen
                     appliance business insisted on building a kitchen appliance brand trusted by users with
                     technology and quality, and contributed to overseas delivery guarantee, with a year-on-
                     year growth of 250.5% in the export scale of kitchen appliance in 2023.


   5.   Deepening channel reform and building a whole domain user interaction matrix with digital
        transformation.


        (1)   Improving the diversified store layout such as physical stores and online new retail
              platforms to have a comprehensive coverage across multiple touchpoints.


              In 2023, the Company focused on customers and pushed forward the retail transformation of
              specialty stores around the whole consumption journey of users. The scale of Hisense specialty
              stores increased by 25% year-on-year. The Company explored deep into the growth space of
              front-loading channels, increased the sales of cross-industry cooperation and home channels by
              over 200% year-on-year, added the number of front stores by 80%, and vigorously expanded
              the growth space of sinking channels. In 2023, the revenue from sinking channels increased
              by 18.6%, of which the revenue from air-conditioner sinking channels increased by 66%. By
              integrating products and sales, and the scale of emerging channels was actively expanded by
              means of exclusive product layout, localized operation and accurate delivery, the revenue from
              platforms such as TikTok and Kwai doubled.


        (2)   Actively building diversified and living scenes to provide users with comprehensive
              solutions that better meet their daily needs.


              Hisense Tresor set has created a complete set of home appliances covering all categories,
              scenarios and intelligent interconnection. The integration of appearance design, intelligent
              experience and service was extremely unified to meet the demands of high-end users for
              quality life. During the Reporting Period, the revenue from Tresor’s high-end set products
              increased by 287% year-on-year and 3,562 stores were newly added. The products have been
              continuously expanded and iterated; and in 2023, Tresor has developed to cover 7 categories, 3
              sets, 5 scenarios and 78 high-end product lineups, providing users with full-scenario high-end
              smart home appliance solutions from artistic homes, and smart homes to user-centered home
              scenarios.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   21
Management Discussion and Analysis


               (3)        Leading digital transformation and continuously improving the refined operation level of
                          retail channels.


                          The Company fully utilized the influence of new media platforms to expand brand awareness
                          and enhance product exposure. It strengthened the building of a comprehensive user interaction
                          matrix, and continuously enhanced user volume and quality through public domain user
                          interaction touchpoints and digital tools, while focusing on “potential customer acquisition,
                          member promotion and opportunity conversion”. In 2023, the number of new members increased
                          by 23% year-on-year, and the sales of members increased by 33% year-on-year.


       6.       Being user-centered and scenario-driven, continuously focusing on the themes of intelligence,
                health and energy saving, and upgrading smart home scenario schemes for users.


                As the smart hub of Hisense’s smart home business, Hisense Love Home Platform applies core
                technologies such as AI voice interaction and covers all the categories of Hisense and smart devices in
                its ecosystem. It provides intelligent control of all devices, full-space scenario linkage and full-process
                home appliance services around the entire home scenario journey of users, and creating a one-stop
                high-quality smart life experience for users.


                In terms of comfortable air supply, the Company launched a drying room formaldehyde removal
                scheme based on new air technology, with a formaldehyde release rate of 99%, and won two awards,
                including in the Intelligent Electrical Appliance Application Scenario Development Competition;
                in terms of health preservation, the Company launched a vacuum pickling plan around vacuum
                preservation technology and innovatively developed 32 pickling recipes, with the penetration rate of
                pickling materials enhanced by up to 20% under vacuum environment; in terms of intelligent washing
                and care, the Company launched the intelligent recognition of laundry detergent scheme, supporting
                the recognition of more than 200 types of laundry detergents, helping automatically adjust washing
                parameters to release the best washing activity, and making the washing efficiency improved by up
                to 7%; and in terms of energy conservation, the Company launched a dishwasher valley-voltage night
                washing scheme, intelligently identifying peak-valley electricity price periods, and putting off-peak
                power consumption into practice. Thanks to the continuous upgrading of the scenario scheme and the
                substantial enhancement in the intelligent level of home appliances, the number of home appliance users
                on Hisense Love Home Platform increased by 54% year-on-year, the number of monthly active home
                appliance users increased by 58% year-on-year, the NPS of home appliance intelligent experience
                increased by 8% year-on-year, and the sales volume of domestic smart home appliances increased by
                more than 40% in 2023.


       7.       Creating an efficient, agile, transparent and sustainable global intelligent supply chain centered
                on users, and empowering a lean manufacturing system driven by digital intelligence.


                Adhering to the vision of “building an efficient, agile, transparent and sustainable global intelligent
                s u p p l y c h a i n c e n t e r e d o n c o n s u m e r s/u s e r s”, t h e C o m p a n y c o n s t a n t l y c o n s o l i d a t e d p l a n n i n g
                management, order management, procurement management and supply chain operation management,
                prevented supply risks, and upgraded resilience and long-term competitiveness of the global supply
                chain. During the Reporting Period, the Company implemented supplier optimization, supplier sharing
                and category sharing, and continuously optimized supplier layout. It pushed forward the process of
                outbound support of domestic suppliers and localization of overseas materials, effectively solving
                bottleneck materials. This led to a shortened delivery cycle by 8.6% and enhanced the order guarantee
                rate by 7.5% year-on-year. Additionally, the Company promoted the standardization of common parts,
                significantly reducing the quantity of purchased materials.

22   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


        The Company adhered to digital transformation, deepening the 4A structure reform in the fields
        of supply chain plan, order and procurement. It strengthened capabilities, improved efficiency and
        achieved sustained high growth by continuously deepening order coordination of the whole link,
        refining the category strategy management, deepening the end-to-end cost reduction, formulating a
        high-quality agile delivery system, operating the global supply chain in a dual-track mode, building a
        dual-carbon supply chain, and practicing transparent procurement.


        T h e C o m p a n y s o l i d i f i e d t h e f o u n d a t i o n o f l e a n o p e r a t i o n, c o n t i n u o u s l y p r o m o t e d i n t e l l i g e n t
        manufacturing, and significantly improved production efficiency. The Company introduced Hisense’s
        lean operation system, built a lean factory to consolidate its manufacturing foundation, continued
        to carry out lean improvement, and reduced the operating costs of enterprises around automation,
        process optimization and other directions, realizing automatic replacement of more than 2,300
        people throughout the year. The Company continued to promote “digital and intelligent upgrade”
        and “advanced manufacturing application scenario demonstration”, and greatly improved production
        efficiency and quality, achieving an overall year-on-year improvement of single set labor cost by
        10.0%. Hisense Hitachi’s Huangdao Factory has passed the fourth-level certification of intelligent
        manufacturing capability maturity of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the
        People’s Republic of China, and its Pingdu Factory of Refrigerator and Air Conditioner Company has
        passed the third-level certification. Monterrey Household Appliances Industrial Park in Mexico has
        put into production several models, with a dramatic improvement in the efficiency of the refrigerator
        production line and a 16.3% year-on-year improvement in the kitchen appliance production line.


        T h e C o m p a n y i n s i s t e d o n e n e r g y c o n s e r v a t i o n a n d e m i s s i o n r e d u c t i o n, w h i l e a c c e l e r a t i n g t h e
        application of clean energy and promoting green manufacturing. By improving the refined level of
        energy management and focusing on energy saving and improvement of key energy-using equipment,
        the Company systematically carried out energy-saving management and technical energy-saving
        measures. It also promoted promoting the application of clean energy including distributed photovoltaic
        and energy storage, and advanced the full coverage of energy management system in China. The
        Company achieved an annual comprehensive energy saving rate up to 8.1%, adding two green factories
        and one green supply chain management enterprise.


   8.   Establishing a capital system with “operational safety as the first priority”, and continuing to
        optimize the efficiency of capital use by means of digital transformation.


        In light of the current market uncertainty, the Company consistently prioritizes operational safety
        to support long-term investment and stable development. Leveraging digital transformation as
        an opportunity and efficiency as a driving force, the Company shortens the order delivery cycle,
        subdivides inventory safety control standards, reduces redundant capital occupation and achieves a
        healthy inventory turnover through effective coordination of production, supply and marketing. The
        Company strictly implements the customer credit management system, identifies and avoids pre-
        risks, increases insurance coverage at the back end, dynamically monitors customer credit status, and
        reduces bad debt risks. The Company strictly implements the investment decision-making process and
        dynamically monitors project risks with the principle of “risk first, liquidity second, revenue third”. In
        2023, the accounts receivable turnover of the Company improved by 11.0% year-on-year, the inventory
        turnover improved by 21.6% year-on-year, and the cash flow from operating activities increased by
        163.2% year-on-year.




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023        23
Management Discussion and Analysis


III.     ANALYSIS TO PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

         (I)      MAJOR ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                  Did the Company make retrospective adjustments to or restatement of the accounting data of prior
                  years?


                  ✓Yes          □No


                  The reason of retroactive adjustments or restatement


                  Change in accounting policy


                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                         Increase or
                                                                                                                         decrease as
                                                                                                                        compared to
                  Item                                               2023                    2022                       last year (%)                   2021
                                                                                       Before                  After           After              Before                  After
                                                                                  Adjustment             Adjustment      Adjustment          Adjustment             Adjustment

                  Operating revenue (RMB)                85,600,189,224.06   74,115,151,039.29      74,115,151,039.29          15.50    67,562,603,666.81      67,562,603,666.81

                  Net profits attributable to
                    shareholders of listed company
                    (RMB)                                 2,837,322,754.58    1,434,904,374.84       1,434,968,215.84          97.73      972,581,491.39         972,633,811.10

                  Net profits after deducting
                    non-recurring profit and loss
                    attributable to shareholders
                    of listed company (RMB)               2,355,069,261.87     905,503,359.78         905,567,200.78          160.07      666,126,470.35         666,178,790.06

                  Net cash flow from operating
                    activities (RMB)                     10,611,857,591.35    4,032,382,602.38       4,032,382,602.38         163.17     4,313,780,760.27       4,313,780,760.27

                  Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                2.08                1.05                   1.05          98.10                 0.71                   0.71

                  Diluted earnings per share
                    (RMB/share)                                       2.08                1.05                   1.05          98.10                 0.71                   0.71

                  Weighted average rate of return
                    on net assets (%)                               22.64               13.13                  13.13            9.51                 9.64                   9.64




24     Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                                      Increase or
                                                                                                                      decrease as
                                                                                                                     compared to
          Item                                      At the end of 2023                At the end of 2022             last year (%)             At the end of 2021
                                                                                      Before                After           After              Before                  After
                                                                                 Adjustment            Adjustment     Adjustment          Adjustment             Adjustment

          Total assets (RMB)                        65,946,495,555.67       55,375,550,868.66    55,375,868,443.33          19.09    55,948,549,486.98      55,948,692,331.34

          Net assets attributable to shareholders
            of listed company (RMB)                 13,580,174,485.95       11,518,257,281.54    11,518,373,442.25          17.90    10,342,355,185.33      10,342,407,505.04

          Reasons for change in accounting policies:


          On 30 November 2022, the Ministry of Finance issued the Notice on the Publication of No. 16 of the
          Enterprise Accounting Standards Interpretation (Finance and Accounting (2022) No. 31). (《關於印發
          〈企業會計準則解釋第16號〉的通知（財會〔2022〕31號）》, which stipulated that the accounting treatment
          of the deferred income tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction shall not be
          subject to the initial recognition exemption from 1 January 2023. The Company adjusted the opening
          balance accordingly.


   (II)   QUARTERLY MAJOR FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB


          Item                                                              First Quarter           Second Quarter             Third Quarter             Fourth Quarter

          Operating revenue                                              19,430,480,828.07        23,513,494,791.31        21,955,657,812.97         20,700,555,791.71

          Net profits attributable to shareholders
             of listed company                                             615,296,643.26             882,266,081.33           928,442,073.02             411,317,956.97

          Net profits after deducting non-recurring
             profit and loss attributable to
             shareholders of listed company                                520,783,170.28             742,444,196.87           799,315,978.16             292,525,916.56

          Net cash flow from
             operating activities                                          886,463,601.52          2,925,580,567.82         4,888,837,931.31             1,910,975,490.70




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023          25
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (III)    NON-RECURRING PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS


                ✓Applicable          □ Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB


                Item                                                                      2023            2022            2021    Description

                Profits or losses from disposal of non-current assets
                   (including the part written off for provision for
                   impairment on assets)                                          -3,666,652.72   47,140,615.81    3,535,383.13

                Government grants recognised in the profits or losses
                   (excluding government grants that are closely related to
                   the Company's normal business operations, in line with
                   national policies and in accordance with established
                   standards, and have a sustainable impact on the
                   Company's profit or loss.)                                   195,139,772.58 225,922,958.46 219,822,004.71

                Except for effective hedging operations related to the
                   Company’s normal business operations, gains and
                   losses arising from changes in the fair value of financial
                   assets and financial liabilities held by non-financial
                   corporations and gains and losses arising from the
                   disposal of financial assets and financial liabilities       -239,068,307.45   16,533,562.48   39,567,358.88

                Profit and losses from assets which entrust others to invest
                   or manage                                                    298,844,795.34 187,413,275.48 103,919,806.78

                Gain or loss on debt restructuring                               25,739,211.33

                Other non-operating income and expenses other than the
                   aforementioned items                                         371,016,020.58 366,457,850.14     57,837,694.36

                Other profit and loss items that satisfy the definition
                   of non-recurring profit and loss                              72,041,335.03

                Less: Effect of income tax                                      147,009,791.45 194,250,687.61     78,433,576.30

                        Effect of minority interests (after tax)                 90,782,890.53 119,816,559.70     39,793,650.52



                Total                                                           482,253,492.71 529,401,015.06 306,455,021.04




26   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


   (IV)   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS


          1.   Composition of operating revenue


                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB


                                                        2023                               2022
                                                                                                                    Increase or
                                                                                                                    decrease as
                                                                                                                   compared to
                                                                Weighting to                       Weighting to corresponding
                                                                   operating                         operating             period
               Item                                  Amount     revenue (%)             Amount     revenue (%)    last year (%)

               Total of operating revenue   85,600,189,224.06                  74,115,151,039.29                            15.50

               By industry
               Manufacturing industry       76,959,191,272.42          89.91   67,494,739,192.70         91.07              14.02

               By product
               HVAC                         38,652,244,832.54          45.15   34,499,733,925.58         46.55              12.04
               Refrigerators and washing
                  machines                  26,070,166,905.77          30.46   21,207,092,434.08         28.61              22.93
               Others                       12,236,779,534.11          14.30   11,787,912,833.04         15.91               3.81

               By region
               Domestic                     49,035,166,343.99          57.28   42,624,208,014.02         57.51              15.04
               Overseas                     27,924,024,928.43          32.63   24,870,531,178.68         33.56              12.28

               By sales model
               Direct sales                 52,044,822,688.37          60.80   45,135,900,814.62         60.90              15.31
               Distribution                 24,914,368,584.05          29.11   22,358,838,378.08         30.17              11.43




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      27
Management Discussion and Analysis


                2.        Description of industries, products or regions accounting for 10% or above of the revenue
                          or profits from operating businesses of the company


                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                     Increase        Increase       Increase or
                                                                                                                  or decrease     or decrease       decrease in
                                                                                                                   in revenue         in costs     gross profit
                                                                                                                  from major         of major        margin as
                                                                                                                    operating       operating      compared to
                                                                                                                 businesses as   businesses as corresponding
                                                                                                                 compared to     compared to            period
                                                                                                                corresponding corresponding           last year
                                                   Revenue from major          Costs of major    Gross profit          period          period      (percentage
                          Item                     operating businesses   operating businesses   margin (%)      last year (%)   last year (%)           point)

                          By industry
                          manufacturing industry     76,959,191,272.42      58,465,825,397.94          24.03            14.02           11.21              1.92

                          By products
                          HVAC                       38,652,244,832.54      26,800,791,715.99          30.66            12.04            7.78              2.73
                          Refrigerators and
                            washing machines         26,070,166,905.77      21,088,500,691.11          19.11            22.93           20.58              1.58
                          Others                     12,236,779,534.11      10,576,532,990.84          13.57             3.81            3.50              0.26

                          By region
                          Domestic                   49,035,166,343.99      33,389,722,531.18          31.91            15.04           11.12              2.41
                          Overseas                   27,924,024,928.43      25,076,102,866.76          10.20            12.28           11.33              0.77

                          By sales model
                          Direct sales               52,044,822,688.37      43,053,023,450.84          17.28            15.31           13.24              1.51
                          Distribution               24,914,368,584.05      15,412,801,947.10          38.14            11.43            5.91              3.23




28   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.   Whether the company’s income from sales of goods larger than its income from provision
            of services


            ✓Yes       □ No


                                                                                                                                        Increase or
                                                                                                                                        decrease as
                                                                                                                                       compared to
                                                                                                                                  corresponding
                                                                                                                                             period
            Industry category          Item              Unit                                  2023                    2022            last year (%)

            Manufacturing industry Sales volume          Ten thousand units                    4,815                   4,280                   12.50

                                       Production volume Ten thousand units                    4,870                   4,449                    9.46

                                       Inventory volume Ten thousand units                      428                      373                   14.75

       4.   Composition of operating costs


                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB’0000


                                                                         2023                                   2022

                                                                                                                                          Increase or
                                                                                                                                          decrease as
                                                                                                                                         compared to
                                                                                Weighting to                           Weighting to corresponding
                                                                                   operating                             operating         period last
            Industry category        Item                           Amount         costs (%)               Amount         costs (%)         year (%)

            Manufacturing industry   Raw materials              5,291,578.37           90.50           4,745,169.13            90.26            11.52

                                     Direct expense              348,212.30             5.96            296,583.01              5.64            17.41

                                     Others                      206,791.87             3.54            215,574.10              4.10             -4.07




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023         29
Management Discussion and Analysis


                5.        Expenses


                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB


                                                                                      Increase or
                                                                                      decrease as
                                                                                     compared to
                                                                                    corresponding
                                                                                       period last    Reason for the
                          Expense Item                   2023               2022         year (%)     significant changes

                          Sales expense       9,311,027,187.99   8,070,720,273.85             15.37   No significant changes

                          Management          2,296,063,851.05   1,821,201,420.18             26.07   No significant changes
                            expense

                          Finance expense      -204,586,431.88   -182,163,831.39              12.31   No significant changes

                          Research and        2,779,508,194.39   2,289,313,746.54             21.41   No significant changes
                            development
                            expenses

                6.        Research and development inputs


                          For details of research and development inputs of the Company during the Reporting Period,
                          please refer to relevant content of “III. (VI) CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS” under
                          the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section.


                          Research and development Staff of the Company


                                                                                                                            Change in
                          Item                                                         2023                2022        proportion (%)

                          Number of research and development staff                    3,317                3,067                8.00%

                          Proportion of number of research and
                            development staff (%)                                    5.90%                6.21%                -0.31%

                          Academic Structure of research and
                          development Staff

                          Undergraduate                                              1,633                1,486                9.89%

                          Master                                                     1,374                1,130                21.59%

                          Age composition of research and
                          development staff

                          Under 30 years old                                           803                  806                -0.37%

                          30~40 years old                                            1,494                1,390                7.48%

                          Over 40 years old                                          1,020                  871                17.11%




30   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


            Description of research and development inputs of the Company


                                                                                                                      Change in
            Item                                                                  2023                 2022      proportion (%)

            Amount of research and development inputs (RMB)           2,779,508,194.39      2,419,065,502.17                  14.90

            Proportion of research and development inputs to                                                                  -0.01
              operating revenue (%)                                               3.25                  3.26    percentage points

            Amount of capitalised research and development inputs
              (RMB)                                                                  0                    0                       0

            Proportion of capitalised research and development
              inputs to research and development inputs                              0                    0                       0

       7.   Cash Flow


                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                   Increase or
                                                                                                                   decrease as
                                                                                                                  compared to
                                                                                                                corresponding
                                                                                                                        period
            Item                                                          2023                        2022       last year (%)

            Sub-total of cash inflows from
              operating activities                         76,815,643,741.00             66,773,741,495.44                    15.04

            Sub-total of cash outflows from
              operating activities                         66,203,786,149.65             62,741,358,893.06                     5.52

            Net cash flows from operating
              activities                                   10,611,857,591.35              4,032,382,602.38                163.17

            Sub-total of cash inflows from
              investing activities                         20,906,798,504.15             22,483,763,618.07                    -7.01

            Sub-total of cash outflows from
              investing activities                         30,464,242,081.12             25,081,409,578.99                    21.46

            Net cash flows from investing
              activities                                   -9,557,443,576.97             -2,597,645,960.92                     N/A

            Sub-total of cash inflows from
              financing activities                             4,558,764,891.41           3,348,695,041.76                    36.14

            Sub-total of cash outflows from
              financing activities                             5,179,903,602.62           5,127,326,548.62                     1.03

            Net cash flows from financing
              activities                                       -621,138,711.21           -1,778,631,506.86                     N/A

            Net increase in cash and cash
              equivalents                                        398,794,325.14            -400,830,719.28                     N/A




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023     31
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Explanations on the main contributing factors for significant year-on-year changes of the
                          relevant figures:


                          ✓Applicable             □ Not applicable


                          The increase in net cash flows from operating activities was mainly due to the improvement in
                          the Company’s operating and working capital turnover.


                          The increase in the cash inflows from financing activities was mainly due to the increase in
                          external bank borrowings of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.


       (V)      ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                1.        Significant changes in asset items


                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB


                                                        At the end of 2023            At the beginning of 2023
                                                                                                                    Change in
                                                                       Percentage                       Percentage proportion
                                                                          to total                         to total (percentage
                          Item                              Amount assets (%)                Amount assets (%)          point)    Explanation of significant changes

                          Cash at bank and on       4,939,273,198.62          7.49   6,001,295,427.37       10.84        -3.35    Mainly due to the investment of idle
                            hand                                                                                                    funds in wealth management products

                          Accounts receivable       9,225,321,882.07         13.99   7,665,702,299.91       13.84         0.15    No significant changes

                          Contract assets             35,878,308.82           0.05       6,918,368.07        0.01         0.04    No significant changes

                          Inventories               6,774,603,438.00         10.27   6,552,835,435.54       11.83        -1.56    No significant changes

                          Investment property        177,982,723.30           0.27    208,716,406.19         0.38        -0.11    No significant changes

                          Long-term equity          1,671,365,117.46          2.53   1,518,340,556.73        2.74        -0.21    No significant changes
                            investments

                          Fixed assets              5,662,912,502.03          8.59   5,318,274,820.56        9.60        -1.01    No significant changes

                          Construction in            443,523,694.21           0.67    525,171,610.80         0.95        -0.28    No significant changes
                            progress

                          Right to use assets        169,378,820.87           0.26    181,192,061.73         0.33        -0.07    No significant changes

                          Short-term borrowings     2,502,318,314.58          3.79   1,462,253,713.24        2.64         1.15    No significant changes

                          Contract liabilities      1,440,254,499.57          2.18   1,145,145,334.78        2.07         0.11    No significant changes

                          Long-term borrowings        42,956,652.46           0.07     19,808,239.84         0.04         0.03    No significant changes

                          Leasing liabilities        208,946,083.77           0.32    277,195,821.24         0.50        -0.18    No significant changes




32   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value


                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


                                                             Gain or loss    Accumulated
                                                            from change        changes in   Impairment            Amount
                                          Amount at the      in fair value     fair value     provided          purchased        Amount sold                           Amount at
                                           beginning of       during the     accounted in    during the         during the         during the                       the end of the
            Item                              the period           period          equity       period              period            period     Other changes             period

            Financial assets
            1. Financial assets held
              for trading (excluding
              derivative financial
              assets)                   6,737,194,863.30   85,767,387.12                                  23,064,972,967.96 16,684,190,615.84    -16,004,247.43 13,187,740,355.11

            2. Derivative financial
              assets                      21,039,135.56    -17,939,112.07                                       245,020.96                          940,136.31        4,285,180.76

            3. Other investments in
              debt                      5,072,959,470.76                                                                       429,531,886.99                     4,643,427,583.77

            4. Other investments in
              equity instruments          36,399,028.71                      4,397,863.21                       953,188.58                        -1,505,313.54     40,244,766.96

            5. Other non-current
              financial assets            25,748,931.39     3,810,332.67                                                                          -2,361,454.37     27,197,809.69

            Sub-total of financial
              assets                   11,893,341,429.72   71,638,607.72     4,397,863.21                 23,066,171,177.50 17,113,722,502.83    -18,930,879.03 17,902,895,696.29

            Investment properties

            Productive biological
              assets

            Others



            Total                      11,893,341,429.72   71,638,607.72     4,397,863.21                 23,066,171,177.50 17,113,722,502.83    -18,930,879.03 17,902,895,696.29


            Financial liabilities           1,745,488.01   -56,712,337.91                                                                         -4,102,240.99     54,355,584.93



            Other changes in content


            Other changes mainly due to the effect of foreign exchange rate changes.




                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023           33
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (VI)     CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS


                Technical Advantages


                The Company always adheres to the core concept of “Technology-based Enterprise”, revolves around
                the smart life strategy, and continues to carry out technological innovation with intelligence, health
                and energy saving as its cores. The Company boasts more than 20 provincial-level and above scientific
                and technological innovation platforms, including national-level enterprise technology centers,
                postdoctoral research workstations and national-level industrial design centers. In 2023, its Household
                Frequency Controller Research Center was recognized by Shandong Development and Reform
                Commission as Shandong Provincial Engineering Research Center. The Company vigorously promotes
                the transformation of IPD process and the development of engineer culture, establishes a European
                R&D center, further improves global R&D system layout and resource coordination, achieves major
                breakthroughs in multiple directions such as low-carbon energy-saving, comfort and health, intelligent
                preservation, high energy efficiency in washing and drying, and constant air volume duct control, as
                well as maintains leading technical levels in the industry and realizes product application.


                1.        HVAC Business


                          (1)   In terms of central air-conditioner, the Company continues to intensify innovations
                                around core technologies such as “low-carbon energy saving, comfort and health”,
                                and achieves low-carbon energy-saving through research on key technologies such as
                                equipment energy-saving, scheme energy-saving, actual operation energy-saving and
                                environmental refrigerant application, while breaking through building load forecasting
                                and following control technology, realizing air-conditioner control to adapt to building
                                load, and achieving comprehensive energy saving goals; as well as focuses on breaking
                                t h r o u g h k e y t e c h n o l o g i e s s u c h a s t e m p e r a t u r e a n d h u m i d i t y c o n t r o l, l o w n o i s e
                                technology, health-based comfort control and purification, so as to greatly improve user
                                comfort and help decarbonization of the buildings with near zero energy consumption.
                                And relevant technologies of the Company have been evaluated by the Technology and
                                Industrialization Development Center under the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural
                                Development of the People’s Republic of China as to technological achievements, and
                                are rated as internationally advanced.


                          (2)   In terms of household air-conditioner, the Company pioneers the pre-fresh air mixing
                                technology in the industry, greatly improves the comfort and replacement efficiency
                                of fresh air, and consolidates its leading position in the fresh air industry; innovatively
                                releases multi-domain and periodic natural soft air technology, breaks through the
                                industry problem in contradiction between soft air feeling and refrigeration effect, and
                                has its achievements identified as internationally leading; makes major breakthroughs
                                in the technical directions of temperature and humidity AI regulation, ion purification,
                                c a t a l y t i c a n t i v i r a l, e t c., a n d b u i l d s a i r c o n d i t i o n e r s i n t o a l l-w e a t h e r n a t u r a l a i r
                                housekeepers; as well as realizes industrial application in the self-developed high-power
                                and density variable frequency controllers, gets rid of its dependence on imported chip
                                providers, significantly improves the efficiency and reliability of its controllers, and has
                                its technological achievements identified as internationally leading.




34   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


            (1)   In terms of refrigerator, the Company focuses on user demands, insists on technological
                  innovation and differentiation, and continuously enhances product quality. The Company
                  breaks through the near infrared light preservation technology and achieves a 20%
                  improvement in the 7-day preservation effect of fruits and vegetables; breaks through the
                  key technologies in applying recycled HDPE materials and reduces the carbon emissions
                  of parts by 70%; as well as innovatively researches and develops magnetic field-assisted
                  vacuum preservation technology, forms a quadruple preservation solution covering
                  temperature, humidity, hypoxia and magnetic physical field, realizes 7-day preservation
                  of fresh meat ingredients in refrigerator, as well as reduces juice loss rate by 20%, and
                  TVB-N and the total number of colonies by 10%.


            (2)   In terms of washing machine, the Company focuses on the core demands of consumers
                  in high energy efficiency, high quality, intelligence and green environmental protection
                  in washing and drying clothes. The Company breaks through the condensation and
                  control technology for integrated washing and drying machines, improves its drying
                  efficiency by more than 25%, and achieves industry-leading product performance; as well
                  as makes in-depth development in respect of skin-care steaming, scalding and washing
                  with steam cabins, intelligent identification of clothes and detergents, improvement of
                  washing water quality, removal of harmful substances, etc., solves the user pain points
                  like wrinkles, yellowing and cross color in clothes. In terms of green environmental
                  protection, the Company carries out a series of technical research on environmental
                  packaging, low-carbon material substitution and plastic particle collection, and maintains
                  its environmental protection level of products at the leading position in the industry.


            (3)   In terms of kitchen appliances, the Company focuses on user demands and introduces
                  t e c h n o l o g i e s s u c h a s a u t o m a t i c d e l i v e r y, U V w a t e r w a y s t e r i l i z a t i o n a n d v a r i a b l e
                  frequency washing from Gorenje, a European Company, for its dishwashers, and self-
                  develops and reserves industry-leading residual water-free and rotary spray enhanced
                  washing technologies. Its such series of products have obtained the “Zero Bacteria
                  Storage Certification for Dishwashers” and the “Performance Certification for Maternal
                  and Infant Dishwashers”, making the dishwasher brand among the first batch certified
                  by China Household Electrical Appliances Research Institute. Its smoke gathering
                  technology through double lifting smoke guide plates can increase the air volume on one
                  side by 20%, and its matching technology of constant air volume variable frequency air
                  duct can realize constant air volume control, with the working air volume error being
                  ≤ 10%. Its stoves complete the iteration of flat plate burner technology, realize the
                  research on and application of the industry’s first annular slot and flat plate uniform fire
                  burner, and increase the uniform heating area by 70%. And the research on rotary fire
                  combustion technology with ample heat load adjustment brings the experience of cooking
                  soup with minimal fire and stir-frying with strong fire, reaching the leading level in the
                  industry.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023         35
Management Discussion and Analysis


                3.        Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System
                          Business


                          The Company continuously promotes the transformation from a compressor-based component
                          supplier to a new energy vehicle integrated thermal management system supplier, while
                          centering on green upgrading to achieve a comprehensive breakthrough in thermal management
                          s y s t e m a n d c o r e c o m p o n e n t s. I n t e r m s o f t h e r m a l m a n a g e m e n t s y s t e m, t h e C o m p a n y
                          concentrates on breaking through the new generation of natural refrigerant CO 2 direct and R290
                          indirect integrated thermal management system (ITMS), meeting the environmental protection
                          demands such as carbon neutrality while achieving high efficiency and energy saving of the
                          system, effectively extending endurance mileage in winter and keeping ahead in technology.
                          Through the design of refrigerant and water circuit integration module, the Company presents
                          miniaturized and generalized ITMS system, rapidly responding to the customized requirements
                          of customers while reducing the costs. In terms of core components, the Company releases a
                          new generation of electric compressor platform that reinforces the competitive advantages of
                          electric compressors by breaking through such technologies involved high efficiency, energy
                          saving, mute and ultra-high pressure; builds an 800V ECH product platform that can take
                          into account the heating needs of both batteries and passenger compartments, and effectively
                          guarantee battery low-temperature performance and passenger comfort; and takes the lead
                          in the industry in developing miniaturized mid-level double-layer flow HVAC, leading in
                          miniaturization, high energy efficiency and mute.


                Brand matrix


                The Company’s products cover eight brands, i.e., “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”, “HITACHI”,
                “YORK”, “gorenje”, “ASKO” and “SANDEN”, with a rich brand lineup and a good brand reputation
                and market basis. With the help of the product range covered by different brands and their product
                characteristics, the Company can meet the demands of different users.


                During the Reporting Period, Hisense’s brand equity maintained strong growth with a 7% year-on-year
                increase in the Hisense Brand Equity Index (HBI), according to Ipsos Research 2023. A significant
                22% year-on-year increase in the HBI among young adults, and a more than 14% year-on-year increase
                in the HBI among first-tier cities.


                Along with the continuous advancement of Hisense’s internationalization strategy, the overseas
                popularity and influence of the brand have been continuously improved. And in the meantime, Hisense
                continues to intensify its sports marketing efforts, ever sponsored the global top sports events such as
                Euro 2016, World Cup 2018, Euro 2020 and World Cup 2022, and officially became the global official
                partner of Euro 2024 in Germany, greatly enhancing its brand influence in the international market
                with the help of such international top sports events.




36   Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


          Integrity Culture


          Integrity is the foundation of Hisense and also its core value. Abiding by business ethics and adhering
          to integrity operations is the Company’s long-term philosophy. Employees of Hisense regard integrity as
          their lives and pass it down to this day to push the enterprise forward continuously. And the Company
          has raised the integrity work to the height of escorting its own sustainable operations.


          The Company has continuously strengthened the foundation of compliance governance, enhanced risk
          management and control, and built an integrated system of scientific decision-making, transparency of
          authority and responsibility, and effective checks and balances to safeguard the Company’s compliance
          and orderly operation.


          With a view to making all employees of the Company always practice the core values of “honesty,
          integrity, pragmatism and innovation”, the Company has formulated systems and norms including the
          Code of Integrity, the Administrative Measures for Reporting Violations and Disciplinary Actions, the
          Business Communication Guidelines for Hisense Partners, the Business Communication Guidelines for
          Hisense Employees, etc., so as to institutionalize, standardize and normalize its integrity behaviors,
          and encourage employees, suppliers and other partners to abide by high-standard business norms prior
          to carrying out business operations and cooperation.


   (VII) M A J O R S U B S I D I A R I E S A N D C O M P A N I E S I N W H I C H T H E C O M P A N Y H A S E Q U I T Y
          INTEREST


          Major Subsidiaries and Participating Companies Affecting 10% or More of the Company’s Net
          Profit


                                                                                                                                                 Net profit
                                                                                                                                             attributable to
                                                                                                                Operating                     shareholders
                                                                              Total assets      Net assets revenue              Operating of the Company
          Name of         Company                                Registered     (RMB ten            (RMB             (RMB     profit (RMB            (RMB
          company         type         Major business               capital     thousand)    ten thousand)   ten thousand)   ten thousand)   ten thousand)

          Hisense Hitachi Subsidiary   Production and sale   USD150 million   2,235,767.30      808,885.39    2,216,676.14      428,449.74       324,371.23
                                       of commercial air-
                                       conditioners

          Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period


          Details of the changes in the scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are
          set out in Note VII.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023         37
Management Discussion and Analysis


IV.     OUTLOOK

        (I)      The Company’s development strategy


                 W i t h t h e m i s s i o n o f “d e v o t i n g t o s c i e n t i f i c a n d t e c h n o l o g i c a l i n n o v a t i o n, l e a d i n g a d v a n c e d
                 manufacturing centered on intelligence, and serving hundreds of millions of families with high-quality
                 products”, the Company abides by the values of “honesty and integrity, pragmatic innovation, customer
                 first and sustainable operation”, casts high-quality products with ingenuity, and aims to become the
                 most trustworthy brand in the world.


        (II)     Business highlights for 2024


                 T h e C o m p a n y w i l l a d h e r e t o i t s c u s t o m e r- a n d u s e r-c e n t e r e d a p p r o a c h, f o c u s o n t h e d i g i t a l
                 transformation of its brand and marketing capabilities, and continue to improve the quality of its
                 operations through the following initiatives:


                 1.        Stimulating talent vitality and improving organizational efficiency. To focus on business
                           s t r a t e g y a n d d i g i t a l i z a t i o n, b u i l d a g l o b a l t a l e n t p o o l, i m p r o v e t h e l o n g-t e r m i n c e n t i v e
                           m e c h a n i s m, m o b i l i s e t h e e n t h u s i a s m o f a l l k i n d s o f t a l e n t s, a n d e f f e c t i v e l y e n h a n c e
                           organizational efficiency.


                 2.        Continuously improving brand and marketing capabilities, and promoting collaborative
                           d e v e l o p m e n t a c r o s s m u l t i p l e c a t e g o r i e s. T o a c t i v e l y b u i l d t h e b r a n d p o s i t i o n i n g o f
                           “people-oriented technology” and “ultimate quality”, and promote brand rejuvenation and
                           transformation. To maintain “brand-guided, user-centered and scenario-driven” to accelerate
                           category integration and optimize the ability and efficiency of the entire marketing chain.


                 3.        Upgrading the global regional operation mode and continuing to exert its strength in overseas
                           markets. To strengthen the independent brand strategy, realize the integration of research,
                           production, supply, sales and services, build five overseas regional centers in Europe, America,
                           ASEAN, Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific, as well as drive overseas markets to achieve
                           sustainable development with multiple engines.


                 4.        Promoting chain-wide digital transformation and enhancing operational efficiency with AI.
                           To comprehensively carry out digital transformation around the three main lines of product,
                           customer and user, accelerate the digital transformation of research and development, strengthen
                           digital marketing capabilities, and promote the integration of industry and finance to help cost
                           competitiveness.




38    Annual Report 2023
Management Discussion and Analysis


           5.    Strengthening ESG capacity building and empowering sustainable development of the home
                 appliance industry. To set medium and long-term carbon reduction targets, clarify the emission
                 reduction potentials of business operations, improve the ESG risk management mechanism, and
                 establish systematic management and operation from top to bottom in key areas such as dual
                 carbon and compliance.


           6.    Building a global dual-track supply chain and enhancing long-term cost reduction capability.
                 To establish a dual-track supply chain mechanism, continuously deepen the optimization and
                 integration of the supply system in China, standardize and manage from various angles as
                 service level and access threshold, increase the proportion of localized resources in overseas
                 factories, optimize the global production capacity layout of refrigerators and freezers, and
                 implement a refined category strategy to help build the hard power of “Hisense Manufacturing”.


           7.    Practicing advanced manufacturing strategy and achieving high-quality product delivery. To
                 promote the transformation and upgrading of manufacturing models towards digitization,
                 intelligence and informatization, optimize user experience implementation processes and
                 standards, unify the delivery quality management architecture, and create the ultimate product
                 strength of Hisense home appliances.


   (III)   Risks faced by the Group include:


           1.    Macroeconomic fluctuation risk. With increasing global macroeconomic uncertainties, continued
                 economic slowdowns may result in insufficient consumer spending power, thereby affecting
                 demand for household appliances.


           2.    Rising cost risk. Fluctuations in raw material prices or continuous increases in costs related
                 to labor, labor services, installation and maintenance services could negatively impact the
                 Company’s profitability.


           3.    Exchange rate risk. Significant fluctuations in the RMB exchange rate could directly affect the
                 cost competitiveness of the Company’s overseas products, thereby impacting the profitability of
                 its overseas business.


           4.    Market risk due to trade protectionism and trade barriers. If certain countries and regions escalate
                 trade barriers by raising tariffs or implementing mandatory certification to safeguard their own
                 economic interests, it may increase operating costs for the Company and indirectly affect the
                 competitiveness of the overseas business.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   39
Management Discussion and Analysis


V.     EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD

       1.       2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


                On 22 February 2024, the EGM considered and approved (i) the resolution on the 2024 A Share
                Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company and its summary, (ii) the resolution on the
                Administrative Measures for the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company and
                (iii) the resolution to propose the general meeting of shareholders to authorize the Board to deal with
                matters in relation to the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. For details,
                please refer to the Company’s circular dated 5 February 2024 and the Company’s announcement dated
                22 February 2024.


                As at the date of this annual report, the Company has not yet administered the 2024 A Share Employee
                Stock Ownership Plan.


       2.       Repurchase of A Shares


                On 8 January 2024, the Company convened the 1st extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session of
                the Board, in which the resolution relating to the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company
                through centralized bidding trading (the “2024 A Share Repurchase Plan”) was considered and
                approved. The 2024 A Shares repurchased under the A Share Repurchase Plan are intended to be used
                for the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan. The upper limit of the repurchase price under
                the 2024 A Share Repurchase Plan was not more than RMB27.00 per Share (inclusive), and the total
                repurchase funds were not less than RMB187,870,000 (inclusive) and not more than RMB375,730,000
                (inclusive).


                Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 8 January 2024 for details.


                From 17 January 2024 to 29 February 2024, the Company repurchased 13,615,468 A Shares of the
                Company through centralized bidding trading at a total transaction amount of RMB335,319,596.75
                (excluding transaction fees).


                As at the date of this annual report, the repurchase of A shares under the 2024 A Share Repurchase
                Plan has not been completed.




40   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


Sound corporate governance is the basic assurance to the long-term healthy and stable development of a corporation,
whereas continued enhancement of the governance level is a necessary measure to maintain the healthy development
of the Company. During the Reporting Period, The shareholders’ general meetings, the Board of Directors and its
various specialised committees and the supervisory committee of the Company performed their functions, coordinated
with each other and maintained effective check and balance in accordance with the laws, regulations and the relevant
systems, which continuously enhanced the level of corporate governance of the Company.


The Company has adopted the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report (the “Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its own
code to govern its corporate governance practices.


(I)    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE:

                                           Shareholders’
                                          General Meeting




                                                                Supervisory
                                                                Committee

                                         Board of Directors




   Remuneration and
                          Nomination Committee         Strategic Committee         Audit Committee      ESG Committee
  Appraisal Committee



                                       Operational Management



(a)    General Meetings


       As the highest authority of the Company, the shareholders, at general meetings, exercise their functions and
       powers in accordance with the laws to make decisions on significant matters of the Company. The Company
       has established and maintained different communication channels with its shareholders through publication
       of announcements on the websites of the Company, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
       Exchange, as well as by e-mail, telephone and facsimile.


       In accordance with Article 8.27 of the Articles of Association of the Company, a poll may be demanded in any
       shareholders’ general meeting of the Company by:


       (a)     the chairman of the meeting; or


       (b)     at least two shareholders with voting rights or their proxies; or


       (c)     one or more shareholder(s) (including their proxies) representing, individually or in aggregate, 10% or
               more of all shares carrying the voting rights at the general meeting.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   41
Corporate Governance Report


       The chairman of the general meeting will present detailed procedures of a poll to the shareholders at the
       beginning of the shareholders’ general meeting, and then answer any questions of the shareholders relating to
       voting by poll. The voting results will be announced after the general meeting in the manner prescribed under
       Rule 13.39(5) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


       In 2023, one annual general meeting (“AGM”) was held by the Company on 29 June 2023, three extraordinary
       general meetings (“EGMs”) were held by the Company on 9 January 2023, 28 February 2023 and 19 April
       2023 respectively, one A Share class meeting and one H Share class meeting (the “Class Meetings”) were
       held by the Company on 28 February 2023. The shareholding held by the shareholders attending the AGM
       represented 45.39% of the then total issued shares of the Company. The shareholding held by the shareholders
       attending the first EGM represented 52.57% of the then total issued shares of the Company. The shareholding
       held by the shareholders attending the second EGM and the Class Meetings represented 65.78% of the then
       total issued shares of the Company. The shareholding held by the shareholders attending the third EGM
       represented 46.45% of the then total issued shares of the Company.


       The attendance records of the directors of the Company are set out in the following table:


                                               Attendance of the general meetings of the Company by the Directors

                                                   Number of
                                              meetings which
                                                    should be            Number of            Number of            Attendance
                                                 attended for           attendance            attendance               rate for
       Name                                           the year            in person             by proxy               the year


       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                      4                     4                    0                100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      4                     4                    0                100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao(Note 1)                                 1                     1                    0                100%
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong(Note 2)                               1                     1                    0                100%
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                     4                     4                    0                100%
       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                        4                     4                    0                100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                    4                     4                    0                100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                     4                     4                    0                100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang(Note 3)                                3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Lin Lan(Note 4)                                    2                     2                    0                100%
       Mr. Fei Li Cheng(Note 5)                               2                     2                    0                100%
       Mr. Ma Jin Quan       (Note 6)
                                                              1                     1                    0                100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


       2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


       3.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;


       4.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;


       5.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and


       6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


42   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   Rights of Shareholders


   Procedures for shareholders in relation to requisition of the convening of shareholders’ extraordinary
   general meeting or class meeting


   Shareholders who request the convening of a shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting
   shall comply with the following procedures:


   (1)   Shareholders holding individually or in aggregate more than 10% of the shares of the Company are
         entitled to propose to convene a shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the
         Board in writing. The Board shall, pursuant to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of
         Association of the Company, provide written feedback on whether it agrees or disagrees to convene the
         extraordinary general meeting within 10 days after receipt of the written request.


   (2)   If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, it shall issue a
         notice to convene such shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting within five (5) days of its
         decision, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only with the consent of
         the relevant shareholder(s). If the Board decides against convening the extraordinary general meeting
         or the class meeting, or if it has failed to provide its feedback within ten (10) days after receiving the
         request, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company are
         entitled to propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the Supervisory
         Committee in writing.


   (3)   If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting,
         it shall issue a notice to convene such extraordinary general meeting or class meeting within five (5)
         days of receipt of the written request, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be
         made only with the consent of the relevant shareholder(s). If the Supervisory Committee fails to issue a
         notice of extraordinary general meeting or class meeting within the prescribed period, the Supervisory
         Committee shall be deemed not convening or chairing an extraordinary general meeting or class
         meeting. Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company for
         ninety (90) consecutive days may themselves convene and chair such meeting.


   Procedures by which enquiries may be made by shareholders


   Shareholder seeking to request for information such as the Company’s Articles of Association, register of
   shareholders and minutes of extraordinary general meetings or inspect relevant information should provide
   written documentation to the Company as evidence for the type and number of shares of the Company that
   he/she holds. Upon verification of the shareholder’s identity, the Company will provide the copy as per the
   shareholder’s request within seven (7) days upon receipt of reasonable charges. In addition, the shareholders
   can also make enquiries or suggestions by various methods such as phone, mail, site visit and internet
   platform. The Securities Department of the Company, whose contact details are set out below, is responsible
   for the day-to-day communication with shareholders:


   The Securities Department, Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
   No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street,
   Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province,
   the People’s Republic of China
   Postal code: 528303
   Fax number: 86-757-28361055
   E-mail address: hxjdzqb@hisense.com

                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   43
Corporate Governance Report


       Shareholders have smooth channels to make enquiries and suggestions to the Company, and the Company also
       arranges designated person to respond to the relevant enquiries in a timely manner.


       For voting on each resolution at a general meeting, shareholders are entitled to enquire about the content of
       the resolution and make recommendation in respect thereof. Speaking shareholder should first introduce his/
       her identity as shareholder and his/her shareholdings etc., whereas the chairman of the meeting shall in person
       or appoint specific staff to respond to or give explanation for such enquiry or recommendation.


       Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ general meeting


       Any shareholder(s) who hold(s), individually or jointly, 3% or more of the Company’s shares shall be entitled
       to propose and submit in writing to the convener additional motions sixteen (16) days prior to the date of the
       shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the general meeting within
       the prescribed period to announce the contents of the additional motion(s).


       As regard the procedures for proposing a person for election as a Director, please refer to the procedures
       available on the website of the Company at hxjd.hisense.cn.


       Changes in constitutional documents


       On 28 February 2023, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments to the Articles of Association
       at the 2023 second EGM, the 2023 first A share class meeting and the 2023 first H share class meeting. The
       relevant amendments were made according to the Company Law, Guidelines on the Articles of Association
       of Listed Companies (《上市公司章程指引》), and the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
       For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement and circular dated 13 January 2023 and 13 February
       2023.


       The Company further amended its Articles of Association pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders on
       29 June 2023. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement and circular both dated 8 June 2023.


       The full text of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association can be found at the Hong Kong Stock
       Exchange’s website (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (hxjd.hisense.cn).




44   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


(b)   The Board of Directors


      The Nomination Committee has been established under the Board. The Nomination Committee will select and
      make suggestions on the candidates for the positions of Directors and the selection criteria and procedures and
      the same will be submitted to the Board for consideration and approval, and Directors will be elected at the
      shareholders’ general meetings.


      As at the date of this report, the Board comprised nine Directors, including six executive Directors, namely
      Mr. Dai Hui Zhong (Chairman), Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua
      and Ms. Gao Yu Ling, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr.
      Cheung Sai Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. The following changes in the composition of the Board during the
      Reporting Period:


      (i)     Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Directors of the Company with effect
              from 9 January 2023.


      (ii)    Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Directors of the Company since 9 January
              2023;


      (iii)   Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;


      (iv)    Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February
              2023;


      (v)     Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023; and


      (vi)    Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


      Members of the Board do not have any relationship in financial, business, family or other significant aspects
      among themselves.


      The Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three years,
      which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment. Each of the independent non-executive Directors
      shall not remain in office for more than six years.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   45
Corporate Governance Report


       Board Diversity Policy


       The Board has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of
       having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving sustainable and
       balanced development, the Company aims to achieve board diversity through consideration of a number of
       factors including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience,
       skills, knowledge and length of services, and the selection of director candidates will be based on a range of
       diversity aspects and the final decision will be based on merits of and contribution that candidate may bring
       to the Board. The board diversity policy of the Company has been well implemented as the Board currently
       comprises one female Director, namely Ms. Gao Yu Ling, who was appointed as the executive Director on 19
       January 2022.


       The Nomination Committee will review the composition of the Board under diversified perspectives and will
       monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy to ensure its continual effectiveness.


       Members of the Board have different backgrounds with extensive experience in various fields such as science
       and technology, corporate management and finance and accounting. The biographies and roles of the Directors
       are set out on pages 64 and 65 of this annual report.


       The primary duties of the Board include: convening shareholders’ general meetings and reporting its work
       at the shareholders’ general meetings, and exercising its decision-making powers as delegated by the
       shareholders at the general meetings with respect to matters such as the strategic development plans of the
       Company, investment and financial controls, disposal of material assets and material transactions. The Board
       is responsible for formulating the Company’s overall strategy and annual business plans, and ensuring that its
       production and operation is properly planned, approved, conducted and monitored. In addition, the Board is
       also responsible for the appointment of the members of the Operational Management and the supervision and
       evaluation of their performance.


       The Board is also responsible for overseeing the preparation of the accounts for each fiscal period to
       ensure that such accounts truly and fairly reflect the Company’s business operation, results and cash flow
       performance during that period. The Operational Management of the Company provides proper explanation
       and sufficient information to the Board so as to enable it to make an informed assessment on the financial
       information and other information submitted to it for approval. In preparing the accounts for the year ended
       31 December 2023 the Directors:


       –        selected appropriate accounting policies;


       –        approved the adoption of all applicable standards as set out in the China Accounting Standards for
                Business Enterprises; and


       –        made prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates, and prepared the accounts on a going concern
                basis.




46   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   The Operational Management of the Company is responsible for implementing the decisions made by the
   Board and making its own decisions on matters relating to the Company’s business operation within the
   scope of authority delegated by the Board, which include: overseeing the management of the Company’s
   production and operation, organising and implementing the Company’s annual operation and investment plans
   and preparing the proposal for the establishment of the Company’s internal control structure. Meanwhile, as
   requested by the Board, the Operational Management reports to the Board the conclusion and performance of
   the Company’s major contracts, the use of capital and the Company’s profit and loss conditions and ensures
   that such information is true and complete.


   The Company has formulated the relevant systems in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the
   relevant laws and regulations to remind the Directors of their obligations, including making disclosures to the
   regulatory authorities in a timely manner of their interests, potential conflicts of interests and changes in their
   personal information. Each Director also undertakes that he or she is able to devote sufficient efforts and time
   to the Company’s affairs. The Board assesses and evaluates the performance of the Directors in carrying out
   their duties according to their attendance rate in the Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings as
   well as the opinions and suggestions put forward by them in the day-to-day work.


   In 2023, the Board of the Company held 13 meetings to discuss the Company’s important operating matters.
   The Directors attended the meetings in person, and their attendance records are set out in the following table:


                                             Attendance of the meetings of the Board in 2023 by the Directors

                                               Number of
                                                 meetings
                                            which should             Number of            Number of               Attendance
                                              be attended           attendance            attendance                   rate for
   Name                                       for the year            in person             by proxy                  the year


   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao    (Note 1)
                                                          7                     7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong(Note 2)                               7                     7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                    13                   13                     0                    100%
   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                       13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                   13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                    13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang    (Note 3)
                                                         13                   13                     0                    100%
   Mr. Lin Lan(Note 4)                                    2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Fei Li Cheng      (Note 5)
                                                          2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Ma Jin Quan(Note 6)                                0                     0                    0                        0%

   Notes:

   1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


   2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


   3.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;


   4.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   47
Corporate Governance Report


       5.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and


       6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


       As stipulated in the Articles of Association of the Company, all Directors should be given 14 days’ notice
       prior to the commencement of a regular Board meeting. For an extraordinary Board meeting, 3 days’
       notice should be given in advance. Arrangements are also in place to ensure that all Directors are given an
       opportunity to include matters in the agenda for Board meetings. The secretary to the Board is responsible for
       providing detailed information of a regular Board meeting (including information in relation to the meeting
       of each of the specialised committees of the Board) not later than 3 days prior to the commencement of the
       meeting to ensure all Directors are apprised of the matters to be considered in the meeting in advance. As for
       extraordinary Board meetings which are held by means of telecommunication at the request of the Company’s
       management, information relevant to the meeting would be provided simultaneously to all Directors via email
       or personal service and sufficient time would be given to the Directors to consider the matters. At the same
       time, the secretary to the Board would respond to any questions raised by the Directors and take appropriate
       action in a timely manner to assist the Directors to ensure that the procedures of the meetings of the Board are
       in compliance with the applicable regulations, such as the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China,
       the Articles of Association of the Company, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Rules Governing the Listing
       of Shares on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “Shenzhen Listing Rules”). The Company has made available
       sufficient resources to enable Directors to discharge their duties and responsibilities, including budget for
       consulting fees in seeking independent professional advice. Minutes of each Board meeting and each meeting
       of the committees of the Board will be kept for a term of 10 years for record, during which the minutes are
       available for Directors’ inspection at any time upon their request.


       The Board is responsible for corporate governance, supervision of the management in establishment of a
       compliant organisation structure and system, compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and other laws
       and regulations in the ordinary course of management and other functions set out in code provision A.2.1 in
       the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Board and the specialised committees have
       reviewed the compliance of the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, the training and
       continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and the Company’s internal
       control and risk management systems.


       Independent Non-Executive Directors


       The Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, accounting for not less than one-third of the
       total number of Directors. The independent non-executive Directors appointed by the Company have complied
       with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2), Rule 3.10A and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and all of them are
       independent of and are not connected with the Company and any of the connected persons (as defined in the
       Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
       each of the independent non-executive Directors. The terms of office of Mr. Zhong Keng Shen, Mr. Cheung
       Sai Kit and Mr Li Zhi Gang will expire on 24 June 2024.


       In compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the requirements of the Working System of Independent
       Non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company attended the meetings
       of the Board and the specialised committees in a meticulous, responsible, enthusiastic and conscientious
       manner and brought their professionalism and expertise to a full play in the independent performance of their
       duties, and continued to contribute professional advice and independent judgment for significant issues under
       discussion for decision making.



48   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   Specialised Committees of the Board


   The Board has established five specialised committees, namely, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee,
   t h e N o m i n a t i o n C o m m i t t e e, t h e S t r a t e g i c C o m m i t t e e, t h e A u d i t C o m m i t t e e a n d t h e E S G C o m m i t t e e.
   Each committee has devised its own working rules to define its terms of reference and the procedures of
   performance, which have been approved by the Board.


   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee


   The Board has established the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with specific written terms of
   reference. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consisted of two
   executive Directors, namely, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr Yu Zhi Tao and three independent non-executive
   Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung Sai Kit and Mr Li Zhi Gang. Mr. Li Zhi Gang acted as
   the chairman of the committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:


   (A)       t o s t u d y, f o r m u l a t e a n d c o n d u c t a p p r a i s a l s t a n d a r d s f o r t h e C o m p a n y's D i r e c t o r s a n d s e n i o r
             management, to formulate and review remuneration policies and packages for Directors and senior
             management, and to make recommendations to the Board on the following matters:


             1.        the remuneration of Directors and senior management;


             2.        f o r m u l a t i o n o r c h a n g e o f e q u i t y i n c e n t i v e s c h e m e a n d e m p l o y e e s t o c k o w n e r s h i p p l a n,
                       fulfillment of the conditions for the grant and the exercise of rights to participants;


             3.        arrangement of shareholding plans for Directors and senior management in subsidiaries
                       proposed to be spun off;


             4.        other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, securities regulatory rules of the place where the
                       Company’s shares are listed and the Articles of Association.


   (B)       to make recommendations in situations where Directors or senior management accept responsibilities
             and resign or are proposed to be dismissed for their defaults and failure to perform their duties;


   (C)       to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any
             loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is
             otherwise fair and not excessive;


   (D)       to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
             misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and
             appropriate;


   (E)       to make recommendations to the Board for the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors;


   (F)       to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
             corporate goals and objectives;




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       49
Corporate Governance Report


       (G)      to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
                and senior management (adopted the approach under code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the Corporate
                Governance Code). This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments,
                including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


       (H)      to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
                employment conditions of other positions in the Group;


       (I)      to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and


       (J)      other duties provided under applicable regulatory rules and other matters authorised by the Board.


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee may seek professional advice when necessary. No Director or
       any member of the senior management shall be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration. The main
       purpose of the remuneration policies formulated by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is to attract
       and retain Directors and senior management who faithfully and diligently discharge their duties, and who
       help the Company in its successful operation and the remuneration policies are therefore important to the
       Company. Details of the remuneration policies of the Company are set out on page 72 of this annual report.


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board held six meetings during the Reporting Period and
       the attendance record of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is set out below:


                                            Attendance of the meeting of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                                  of the Board by the committee members

                                                   Number of
                                                      meeting
                                                which should             Number of            Number of            Attendance
                                                  be attended            attendance           attendance               rate for
       Name                                       for the year            in person             by proxy               the year


       Mr. Li Zhi Gang(Note 1)                                6                     6                    0               100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      6                     6                    0               100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao(Note 2)                                 3                     3                    0               100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                    6                     6                    0               100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                     6                     6                    0               100%
       Mr. Lin Lan    (Note 3)
                                                              1                     1                    0               100%

      Note:

       1.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;


       2.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023; and


       3.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023.




50   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered and approved:


   1.     R e s o l u t i o n o n t h e e l e c t i o n o f M r. L i Z h i G a n g a s t h e c h a i r m a n o f t h e e l e v e n t h s e s s i o n o f t h e
          Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of the Company;


   2.     Resolution in relation to the annual remuneration of Executive Director candidates, namely Mr. Yu Zhi
          Tao and Mr. Hu Jian Yong;


   3.     Resolution on the annual remuneration of the chairman and senior management of the Company for the
          annual results of 2022;


   4.     Resolution on the annual remuneration policy of the senior management of the Company;


   5.     Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the senior management of the Company;


   6.     R e s o l u t i o n o n t h e e l e c t i o n o f M r. Y u Z h i T a o a s t h e m e m b e r o f t h e e l e v e n t h s e s s i o n o f t h e
          Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company (whose term of office expires upon the expiry
          of the eleventh session of the Board);


   7.     Resolution on allocation of reserved shares under the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan;


   8.     Resolution on the repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted A Shares; and


   9.     Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the Chairman of the Company.


   Members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee confirmed that the remuneration of the Directors,
   supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period is in line with the remuneration appraisal
   system set up by the Company and the remuneration policies have been strictly implemented. Details of the
   remuneration of the Directors, the supervisors and the senior management of the Company for the year ended
   31 December 2023 are set out on pages 97 to 98 of this annual report.


   Nomination Committee


   The Board has established the Nomination Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
   Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised executive Directors, namely, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr.
   Jia Shao Qian and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung Sai
   Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. Mr. Zhong Geng Shen acted as the chairman of the committee.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      51
Corporate Governance Report


       The major duties and authority of the Nomination Committee are:


       (A)       to study and formulate criteria and procedures for the selection of Directors and senior management,
                 to select and review the candidates of Directors and senior management and their qualifications for
                 appointment, and to make recommendations to the Board on the following matters:


                 1.         nomination or removal of Directors;


                 2.         appointment or dismissal of senior management;


                 3.         other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, securities regulatory rules of the place where the
                            Company’s shares are listed and the Articles of Association.


       (B)       to select the qualified Director candidates and senior management candidates according to the
                 Company’s business model and its specific needs, taking comprehensive consideration of factors such
                 as age, gender, educational background, skills, professional knowledge, experience, etc. and to set up
                 measurable goals to ensure the diversity of the Board members;


       (C)       to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and
                 diversity) of the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
                 Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategies;


       (D)       to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


       (E)       to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
                 succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President; and


       (F)       other matters authorised by the Board.


       D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e N o m i n a t i o n C o m m i t t e e c o m p r i s e d f i v e D i r e c t o r s, i n c l u d i n g t h r e e
       independent non-executive Directors, and the members of the Nomination Committee are nominated by the
       Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of
       Directors, and are elected by the Board. The Nomination Committee shall have one chairman (convener) who
       should be an independent non-executive Director responsible for presiding over the work of the committee.
       The convener shall be elected among the committee members, and shall be reported to the Board for approval.
       The term of office of each member of the Nomination Committee is consistent with the term he or she serves
       in the Board. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she
       shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
       elected by the Board in accordance with the requirements. The human resources department of the Company
       will assist the Nomination Committee in carrying out its daily work such as selection and nomination of
       suitable candidates.




52   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   The Nomination Committee of the Board held two meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance
   record of the members of the Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                              Attendance of the meetings of the
                                              Nomination Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                               Number of
                                                  meeting
                                             which should           Number of            Number of               Attendance
                                              be attended           attendance           attendance                   rate for
   Name                                       for the year           in person             by proxy                  the year


   Mr. Zhong Kong Shen                                   2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                    2                     2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang   Note 1
                                                         2                     2                    0                    100%

   Notes:

   1.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023.


   During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee considered and approved:


   (i)      the resolution for the election of Mr. Li Zhi Gang as a member of the Nomination Committee of the
            eleventh session of the Board;


   (ii)     the resolution for the nomination of Mr. Hu Jian Yong as an executive Director of the eleventh session
            of the Board; and


   (iii)    the resolution for the nomination of Mr.Yu Zhi Tao as an executive Director of the eleventh session of
            the Board.


   The Nomination Committee conducts extensive searches for candidates of Directors or senior management
   within the Company and in the open market, etc. after considering the Company’s requirements for new
   Directors or senior management. With the consent to nomination from the candidates, the Nomination
   Committee will convene the Nomination Committee meeting in accordance with relevant laws and regulations,
   the Articles of Association of the Company and the Terms of Reference for Nomination Committee taking
   into account the Company’s actual situation, examine the qualifications of the initial nominees according to
   the requirements for the position of Directors or senior management and form a resolution which would be
   recorded and submitted to the Board for its consideration. In respect of the nomination of senior management,
   the Nomination Committee shall provide the Board with candidates for the position of its recommendation
   together with relevant materials one (1) month before the nomination. During the Reporting Period, the
   Nomination Committee strictly implemented the nomination procedures and recommendation criteria in
   accordance with the nomination policy enacted.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   53
Corporate Governance Report


       Strategic Committee


       The Board has established the Strategic Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
       Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee of the eleventh session of the Board comprised the executive
       Directors, namely, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong and Mr. Xia
       Zhang Zhua. Mr. Dai Hui Zhong acted as the chairman of the committee.


       The Strategic Committee of the Board is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily
       responsible for studying and making recommendations on the long-term development strategies and the
       decision-making on significant investments of the Company.


       During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee comprised members who are nominated by the
       Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more
       of all the Directors, and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who
       shall be the Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the Strategic Committee shall be
       consistent with his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon
       his or her retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or
       she shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the
       person elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.


       The Strategic Committee of the Board held two meetings during the Reporting Period and the attendance
       record of the members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:


                                                                   Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                   Strategic Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                   Number of
                                                      meeting
                                                which should            Number of            Number of      Attendance
                                                  be attended           attendance           attendance        rate for
       Name                                      for the year             in person            by proxy       the year


       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     2                     2                    0        100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     2                     2                    0        100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao     Note 1
                                                             2                     2                    0        100%
       Mr. Hu Jian YongNote 2                                2                     2                    0        100%
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                    2                     2                    0        100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023; and


       2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


       During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee considered and approved:


       (i)      the resolution for the election of Mr. Yu Zhi Tao and Mr. Hu Jian Yong as members of the Strategic
                Committee of the eleventh session of the Board; and


       (ii)     the resolution on the establishment of a joint venture company with a connected party.



54   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   Audit Committee


   The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the Company’s internal control and risk management systems.
   To achieve the best corporate governance practices, the Company has set up the Audit Committee to review
   the efficiency of the relevant systems. The Audit Committee is a specialised working organisation under the
   Board with specific written terms of reference, and is responsible for the communication, supervision and
   inspection of the internal and external audit work of the Company. The Audit Committee reports to the Board
   and its proposals shall be submitted to the Board for approval.


   The major duties and authority of the Audit Committee are:


   (1)    to supervise and assess external audits, and to make recommendations on the appointment or change
          of external auditing body; to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board
          o n th e a p p o in tme n t, re a p p o in tme nt a nd re mova l of the e xte rna l a uditing body, a nd to a ppr ove
          the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditing body, and any questions of its
          resignation or dismissal;


   (2)    t o re v iew an d mo n ito r th e in d e pe nde nc e a nd obje c tivity of the e xte rna l a uditing body a nd t he
          effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The Audit Committee
          should discuss with the auditing body the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
          the audit commences;


   (3)    to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditing body to supply non-audit services.
          F o r t h i s p u r p o s e, “e x t e r n a l a u d i t i n g b o d y” i n c l u d e s a n y e n t i t y t h a t i s u n d e r c o m m o n c o n t r o l,
          ownership or management with the auditing body or any entity that a reasonable and informed
          third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part of the audit firm
          nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying and making
          recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed;


   (4)    To review and express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements. To review the Company’s
          financial accounting reports and express an opinion on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness
          o f t h e f i n a n c i a l a c c o u n t i n g r e p o r t s, f o c u s i n g o n s i g n i f i c a n t a c c o u n t i n g a n d a u d i t i n g i s s u e s i n
          the Company’s financial accounting reports, with particular attention to the possibility of fraud,
          fraudulent acts and material misstatements related to the financial accounting reports, and to oversee
          the rectification of problems in the financial accounting reports. The Audit Committee shall urge the
          external audit institutions to be honest, trustworthy, diligent and responsible, strictly abide by the
          business rules and industry discipline regulations, strictly implement the internal control system, check
          and verify the Company’s financial and accounting reports, perform the special care obligations, and
          prudently express professional opinions. In reviewing these reports before submission to the Board, the
          committee should focus particularly on:


          1.         any changes in accounting policies and practices;


          2.         major judgmental areas;




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023         55
Corporate Governance Report


                3.        significant adjustments resulting from the audit;


                4.        the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;


                5.        compliance with accounting standards; and


                6.        compliance with the listing rules of the stock exchange where the shares are listed and legal
                          requirements in relation to financial reporting;


       (5)      Regarding item (4) above:


                1.        members of the committee should liaise with the Board and senior management; and


                2.        the committee should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                          reflected in the reports and accounts, and it should give due consideration to any matters that
                          have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting
                          function, compliance officer or auditing body.


       (6)      to supervise and assess the Company’s internal control; to review the Company’s financial controls,
                risk management and internal control systems;


       (7)      to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure that
                management has performed its duty to establish effective systems. This discussion should include the
                adequacy of resources, staff qualifications, experience and training programmes, and relevant budget
                of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;


       (8)      to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
                by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these findings;


       (9)      to supervise and assess internal audits, to be responsible for the co-ordination between internal audits
                and external audits, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
                appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness;


       (10)     to examine and review the Company’s financial, accounting policies and practices;


       (11)     to review the management letter provided to the management by the external auditing body, any
                material queries raised by the auditing body to management about the accounting records, financial
                accounts or systems of control and management’s response;


       (12)     to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the management letter
                provided to the management by the external auditing body;


       (13)     to urge the external auditors to be honest, trustworthy and diligent, to strictly comply with the business
                rules and industry self-regulatory norms, to strictly implement the internal control system, to verify
                and validate the financial accounting reports of the Company, to perform special attention obligations
                and to express professional opinions prudently.




56   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   (14)    to report to the Board on the matters in these terms of reference;


   (15)    to examine and review the following arrangements: employees of the Company can, in confidence,
           raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The
           Audit Committee should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for the Company to conduct fair
           and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;


   (16)    to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relationship with the external
           auditing body;


   (17)    to establish anti-corruption and whistle-blowing mechanism to follow, pay attention to and openly
           handle the questions and complaints made by the staff, customers, suppliers and investors of the
           Company and social media on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of financial information;


   (18)    to make recommendations regarding the establishment and modification of corporate governance
           mechanism and to provide effective supervision over the implementation of resolutions of the Board by
           senior management of the Company; and


   (19)    to be responsible for matters pursuant to the laws, regulations, Articles of Association and such other
           matters as the Board may authorize.


   All members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Reporting Period,
   the Audit Committee consisted of Mr. Cheung Sai Kit, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. Mr.
   Cheung Sai Kit acted as the chairman of the committee.


   The Audit Committee held seven meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance record of the
   members of the Audit Committee is set out below. All matters considered and approved at such meetings were
   recorded in accordance with the relevant requirements and filed for record after being reviewed and signed by
   all members of the Audit Committee.


                                                             Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                Audit Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                              Number of
                                                 meeting
                                           which should            Number of            Number of               Attendance
                                            be attended            attendance           attendance                   rate for
   Name                                     for the year            in person             by proxy                  the year


   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                   7                     7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                  7                     7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Li Zhi GangNote 1                                7                     7                    0                    100%

   Note:

   1.      Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   57
Corporate Governance Report


       In 2023, the Audit Committee accomplished the following major tasks:


       1.       having reviewed the annual, interim and quarterly financial results and reports of the Company;


       2.       having considered and approved the report on internal control for the year of 2022 and the final report
                for the audit work conducted by the auditing body for the year of 2022;


       3.       having considered and approved the resolution on the re-appointment of ShineWing Certified Public
                Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2023;


       4.       having reviewed the connected transactions of the Company to ensure that the connected transactions
                were in compliance with the principles of fairness, impartiality and transparency with sufficient
                protection of the medium and minority shareholders’ interests;


       5.       having reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and


       6.       having made suggestions regarding significant matters of the Company and reminded the management
                of the relevant risks.


       ESG Committee


       The Board has established the ESG Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the Reporting
       Period, the ESG Committee of the eleventh session of the Board comprised the executive Directors, namely,
       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong and Ms. Gao Yu Ling. Mr. Dai
       Hui Zhong acted as the chairman of the committee.


       The ESG Committee of the Board is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily responsible
       for studying and making recommendations on the environmental, social and corporate governance work of the
       Group.


       During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee comprised members who are nominated by the Chairman
       of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of all the
       Directors, and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who shall be the
       Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the ESG Committee shall be consistent with
       his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon his or her
       retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she shall
       be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
       elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.




58   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


      The ESG Committee of the Board held one meeting during the Reporting Period and the attendance record of
      the members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:


                                                             Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                 ESG Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                              Number of
                                                 meeting
                                           which should           Number of           Number of               Attendance
                                             be attended          attendance          attendance                   rate for
      Name                                   for the year           in person           by proxy                  the year


      Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                 1                   1                    0                    100%
      Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                 1                   1                    0                    100%
      Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                    1                   1                    0                    100%
      Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                  1                   1                    0                    100%
      Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                   1                   1                    0                    100%

      During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee considered and approved:


      The Chairman and members of the eleventh Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG)
      Committee of the Company (the term of office is until the expiry of the eleventh term of the Board).


(c)   Supervisory Committee


      The Supervisory Committee was established in accordance with the PRC laws. It independently performs its
      supervisory duties to protect the legal interests of shareholders, the Company and its staff from infringements.
      It also reviews the Company’s financial positions in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
      Articles of Association of the Company, and oversees the discharge of duties of the Directors and the senior
      management of the Company.


      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee comprised two shareholders representative
      supervisors, namely Mr. Liu Zhen Shun and Ms. Sun Jia Hui and one employee representative supervisor, Ms.
      Yin Zhi Xin, with Mr. Liu Zhen Shun acting as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee.


      Please also refer to the profiles of the Supervisory Committee set out on page 65 of this annual report.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   59
Corporate Governance Report


(II)     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

         To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has
         complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules.


         Training of the Directors


         In order to enhance the level of corporate governance of the Directors, the secretary to the Board continuously
         follows the latest regulatory requirements set out by the securities regulatory institutions, and delivers
         such requirements and information to the Directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company
         in a timely manner. At the same time, the Company has also arranged training programs for the relevant
         Directors, supervisors and senior management, which includes specific training sessions held by the Shenzhen
         Stock Exchange and China Securities Regulatory Commission Guangdong Bureau, to assist the Directors in
         participating in continuous professional development.


         The Board secretary maintains records of training attended by the Directors. The training attended by each
         current Director during the Reporting Period is tabulated as follows:


         Name                                                                                                      Type of training
                                                                                                                               (Note)


         Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                                                                                           b
         Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                                                                                           b
         Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                                                                           a, b
         Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                                                                                         a, b
         Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                                                                                          b
         Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                                                                                             b
         Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                                                                                      a, b
         Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                                                                                       a, b
         Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                                                                                          a, b

        Notes:

         a.       attending seminar(s) or training session(s)


         b.       reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the Company’s business or directors’ duties and responsibilities
                  etc.




60     Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


   Chairman and President


   The Chairman of the Board and the President of the Company are appointed by the Board. The persons who
   were appointed as the Chairman and the President of the Company during the Reporting Period are as follows:


   Position                  Chairman                     Former President             President


   Name                      Mr. Dai Hui Zhong            Mr. Dai Hui Zhong            Mr. Hu Jian Yong


   Term of office            28 October 2021              28 October 2021 to 28        28 February 2023 to present
                               to present                   February 2023

   The Chairman shall be responsible for presiding over the general meetings, convening and presiding over
   the Board meetings, ensuring that the Board is in effective proper operation to review and discuss all the
   significant issues in a timely and effective manner, reviewing the implementation of the Board’s resolutions
   as well as discharging his duties as the legal representative of the Company. The President shall be in charge
   of the management of the production and operation of the Company, and is responsible for organising the
   implementation of the Board’s resolutions and the Company’s annual operational and investment plans and
   making decisions on other issues within the scope of the delegation by the Board. During the Reporting
   Period, the Chairman held at least one meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the
   presence of the executive Directors.


   Since 28 February 2023, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong has ceased to serve as the President of the Company and the
   position of the President has been held by Mr. Hu Jian Yong.


   Internal Control


   During the Reporting Period, pursuant to the provisions and requirements of the “Basic Norms for Enterprise
   Internal Control” and its ancillary guidelines, with the objectives of enhancing the level of corporate
   operation and management and risk prevention ability, as well as reasonably ensuring the compliance of the
   Company’s operation with laws and regulations, the safety of assets, the truthfulness and completeness of the
   financial reports and relevant information, optimising the efficiency and efficacy of operation and promoting
   the implementation of strategies for sustainable development by the Company, and taking into account the
   Company’s internal control and risk management systems and assessment method and on the basis of daily
   supervision and specific supervision of internal control and risk management, the Company has determined the
   scope of assessment in internal control and risk management that puts emphasis on the areas of organisational
   structure, development strategies, human resources, social responsibility, corporate culture, funding activities,
   procurement business, asset management, sales business, research and development, engineering project,
   outsourcing of business, financial reporting, comprehensive budgeting, contract management, internal
   information transmission and information system, and other compliance and risk management matters and has
   carried out assessment on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk management systems
   in 2022. Conclusions were drawn in respect of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
   systems: during the Reporting Period, the Company has established internal control and risk management
   mechanisms for all businesses and matters included in the scope of assessment, and the internal control and
   risk management systems have been effectively executed to achieve the objectives of the Company’s internal
   control and risk management systems without significant defect.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   61
Corporate Governance Report


       During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department of the Group has conducted an assessment on the
       effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and the assessment result was
       positive.


       The Board has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
       systems of the Company during the Reporting Period. During the course of the review, the Board considered
       that the Company had established an appropriate internal control and risk management systems for the
       Company based on the actual situation and was not aware of any significant defect in the internal control and
       risk management systems of the Company. In addition, the Company has engaged ShineWing Certified Public
       Accountants LLP to perform independent audit on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk
       management systems and an audit report has been issued. The auditor is of the view that as at 31 December
       2023, the Company has maintained effective internal control related to financial reporting in accordance with
       the “Basic Norms for Enterprise Internal Control” and the relevant requirements in all material respects.


       As at the date of this report, members of the eleventh session of the Board considered that there is no major
       uncertain event or circumstance which may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a going
       concern.


       The Board is responsible for the internal control and risk management systems of the Group, including
       reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
       to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
       misstatement or loss.


       The Group’s internal control and risk management systems have been developed by the Board with the
       following features and processes:


       1.       the management, with the assistance of the Group’s front-line personnel, identifies risks that may
                affect the Group’s business and operations;


       2.       the management assesses the risks identified by considering their impacts on the business and the
                likelihood of occurrence of the adverse events associated with the risks;


       3.       the management prioritises the risks based on their probability and the severity of impact on the
                business;


       4.       the management reports regularly to the Board for the Board’s formulation of the risk management
                strategies and internal control processes to prevent, avoid and mitigate the risks;


       5.       the management performs ongoing and periodic monitoring of the risks to ensure that appropriate
                internal control processes are in place and material internal control defects can be resolved and reports
                its findings and results to the Board regularly; and


       6.       t h e B o a r d, w i t h t h e a s s i s t a n c e o f t h e A u d i t C o m m i t t e e a n d t h e m a n a g e m e n t, r e v i e w s t h e r i s k
                management strategies and internal control processes on a regularly basis.




62   Annual Report 2023
Corporate Governance Report


      Inside Information


      The Company has formulated a policy on disclosure of inside information to ensure that inside information is
      handled and disseminated properly and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. The business
      departments and the department heads within the Group are responsible for monitoring any changes and
      developments and reporting any potential or suspected inside information events to the Board. Based on
      the information reported and obtained, the Board assesses whether any of the information constitutes inside
      information which needs to be released to the public with the advice of the internal legal team of the Group.
      Should public disclosure be required, the Board will determine the scope of information to be disclosed and
      the timing of disclosure. If and when appropriate, the Board may seek independent professional advice to
      ensure that the Company complies with the disclosure requirements. The Company discloses information to
      the public through channels including websites of its own and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with an aim to
      achieve fair and timely disclosure of information.


(III) SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

      The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
      (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities
      transactions by the Directors. After making specific enquiries to the Directors, they all confirmed that they
      had complied with the Model Code during their term of office.


(IV) AUDITOR

      On 29 June 2023, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company re-appointed
      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2023, and the
      Board was authorised to fix their remuneration.


      The Company has agreed to pay a remuneration of approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the
      auditors for the provision of audit services for financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year
      ended 31 December 2023 and bear the corresponding travel expenses. During the Reporting Period, no non
      audit service was provided by the auditors to the Group.


      The Directors acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the accounts that give a true and fair view on
      the Group’s financial position on a going-concern basis and other financial disclosures. A statement by the
      auditors of the Company in respect of their reporting responsibilities is set out in the Auditor’s Report section
      contained in this annual report.


(V)   COMPANY SECRETARY

      Ms. Wong Tak Fong has been the company secretary of the Company to assist the Company in dealing with
      the Hong Kong Listing Rules compliance matters. Ms Wong Tak Fong is the Company’s external personnel.
      She can contact and communicate with the Board secretary of the Company, Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, in her day-
      to-day work. According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Ms. Wong Tak Fong has taken no less
      than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   63
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Incumbent Directors


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, aged 58, Bachelor degree, served successively as the vice-general manager of Qingdao Hisense
Mould Co., Ltd., the director and the general manager of Hisense Visual, the chairman and the president of Hisense
Broadband Multimedia Technology (BVI) Inc., and the vice president and the senior vice president of Hisense
Company Limited. Mr. Dai serves as the senior vice president of Hisense Group and the Chairman of the Company.


Mr. Jia Shao Qian, aged 51, Master of Management, served successively as the legal advisor of legal affairs
department and the director of the president’s office of Hisense Company Limited, the supervisor of Hisense Visual,
the president and the vice president of the Company, the general manager of Hisense (Shandong) Refrigerator Co.,
the executive vice president of Hisense Company Limited, and the president of Hisense Group. Mr. Jia serves as the
chairman of Hisense Group, the director of Hisense Visual and the director of the Company.


Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, aged 47, Bachelor degree, served successively as a research & development (“R&D”) engineer of
Hisense Company Limited, the deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Mobile Technology Company Ltd., the
general manager of software R&D department and overseas R&D department and the deputy general manager and the
president of R&D centre of Hisense Visual, the deputy general manager and the general manager of Qingdao Hisense
Media Network Technology Company Ltd.*（青島海信傳媒網絡技術有限公司）, the general manager of VIDAA
Technology Co., Ltd.*（聚好看科技股份有限公司）. Mr. Yu serves as the president of Hisense Group, the Chairman
of Hisense Visual and the director of the Company.


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 50, Bachelor degree, served successively as an assistant general manager, the deputy
general manager and the general manager of Hisense Visual, an assistant general manager and the vice president of
Hisense Management. Mr. Hu serves as the President of the Company.


M r. X i a Z h a n g Z h u a, a g e d 45, B a c h e l o r o f E n g i n e e r i n g, s e r v e d s u c c e s s i v e l y a s e n i o r e n g i n e e r o f H u a w e i
Technologies Co., Ltd.*（華為技術有限公司）, the director of R&D Centre, the assistant general manager and the
deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Media Network Technology Co., Ltd. and the deputy general manager
of VIDAA Technology Co., Ltd.. Mr. Xia serves as the director of the Company and the general manager of Home
Appliance R&D Center.


Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 42, Master of Management, served successively as the deputy director of finance center
of Hisense Visual, the chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company, the general manager and
deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Company Limited, the general
manager and the deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Group. Ms.
Gao serves as the director, the chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company.


Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, aged 63, Doctor of Management of Nankai University, served as an associate professor and
a professor at the School of Economics and the School of Management of Shandong University. He serves as an
executive director of Chinese Enterprise Management Research Association, an independent director of Shandong
Publishing & Media Co., Ltd*(山東出版傳媒股份有限公司), an independent director of Luyin Investment Group
Co.*(魯銀投資集團股份有限公司) and the independent non-executive director of the Company.




64     Annual Report 2023
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Mr. Cheung Sai Kit, aged 52, Certified Public Accountant in Hong Kong and a member of CPA Australia, served
successively as the senior audit manager at BDO Limited and KPMG, the executive director of BDO Limited and a
counsellor of Moore Stephens CPA Limited. He serves as an executive director of Moore Stephens CPA Limited, and
the independent non-executive director of the Company.


Mr. Li Zhi Gang, aged 48, Doctor of Management of Nankai University, served as an associate professor at the
School of Management of Ocean University of China. He serves as a professor at the School of Management of
Ocean University of China, an independent director of Qingdao Thunderobot Technology Co., Ltd.*(青島雷神科技股
份有限公司), and the independent non-executive director of the Company.


Incumbent Supervisors


Mr. Liu Zhen Shun, aged 54, Bachelor degree, served successively as the head of the legal affairs department, the
general manager of legal and intellectual properties department, and the deputy secretary of the discipline committee
of Hisense Company Limited, the secretary of the discipline committee of Hisense Group. He serves as the chairman
of the Supervisory Committee, deputy secretary of the Party Committee and the general manager of legal and
intellectual properties department of the Hisense Group, and the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the
Company.


Ms. Sun Jia Hui, aged 35, Master of Management of Shandong University, served successively as the head of audit
of audit department, the head of business analysis of finance and operation management department of Hisense
Company Limited, the vice-general manager of finance and operation management department of Hisense Visual, and
the head of operation management department under the finance and operation management department of Hisense
Company Limited. She serves as the vice-general manager of finance and operation management department of
Hisense Group, and the Company’s supervisor.


Mr. Yin Zhi Xin, aged 35, Bachelor degree, served as the head of marketing management department of Hisense
Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd, the director of brand department of Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
Marketing Co., Ltd, the vice general manager of customer and brand operations department, the director of
president’s office of the Company, the vice president of Hisense Refrigerator Co.. He serves as the general manager
of Hisense Washing Machine Company and the supervisor of the Company.


Incumbent Senior Management Members


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 50, Bachelor degree, served successively as an assistant general manager, the deputy
general manager and the general manager of Hisense Visual, an assistant general manager and the vice president of
Hisense Management. Mr. Hu serves as the President of the Company.


Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 42, Master of Management, served successively as the deputy director of finance center
of Hisense Visual, the chief financial officer and chief accountant of the Company, the general manager and the
deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Company Limited, the general
manager and the deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Group. Ms.
Gao serves as the director, the chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   65
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, aged 37, holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master’s degree in law from Tsinghua University and
a Master’s degree in Public Administration from Cornell University, worked for Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
Ltd, Swiss Bank and Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. She serves as the Secretary of the Board of the Company.


Ms. Wong Tak Fong, aged 57, Master of Business Administration from the University of Bradford in the United
Kingdom, is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom and
the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and a fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. She
acted as the managing director of General Bright Consultants Ltd., had been the chief financial officer of Diamond
Dragon Fashion Ltd (鑽龍時裝有限公司) and acted as a joint company secretary of the Company. She serves as the
company secretary of the Company.

Note:     Hisense Group and Hisense Air-Conditioning mentioned in the above profiles are substantial shareholders of the Company
          within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.


          As at the date of this report, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong is a senior management of Hisense Group and the director of Hisense Air
          Conditioning. Hisense Group and Hisense Air Conditioning were deemed to have interest in the shares of the Company,
          which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the Securities and Futures
          Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”).


          A s a t t h e d a t e o f t h i s r e p o r t, M r. J i a S h a o Q i a n i s t h e d i r e c t o r o f H i s e n s e G r o u p a n d t h e d i r e c t o r o f H i s e n s e A i r
          Conditioning. Hisense Group and Hisense Air Conditioning were deemed to have interest in the shares of the Company,
          which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


          As at the date of this report, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao is a senior management of Hisense Group. Hisense Group was deemed to have
          interest in the shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
          of the SFO.




66      Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


BOARD COMPOSITION

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised six executive Directors, being Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia
Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua and Ms. Gao Yu Ling, and three independent
non-executive Directors, being Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung Sai Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang.


The Directors of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out below.


Executive Directors


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
Mr. Jia Shao Qian
Mr. Yu Zhi Tao Note 1
Mr. Hu Jian Yong Note 2
Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua
Ms. Gao Yu Ling
Mr. Lin Lan Note 3
Mr. Fei Li Cheng Note 4


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. Zhong Geng Shen
Mr. Cheung Sai Kit
Mr. Li Zhi Gang Note 5
Mr. Ma Jin Quan Note 6


Notes:

1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


3.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023 due to job
         adjustment.


4.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023 due to job
         adjustment.


5.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023, and


6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9 January 2023
         due to the expiry of his term of office.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   67
Report of the Directors


PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES

The Group is mainly engaged in the R&D, manufacturing and marketing of refrigerators, household air-conditioners,
central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances and other electrical products, as well as
of moulds, automotive air conditioner compressors and integrated thermal management systems, and provides full-
scenario smart home solutions centered on intelligent upgrading of household appliances.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Company and further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as
required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including
a discussion of the risks faced by the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end
of the Reporting Period, and an indication of the likely future developments of the Group’s business, can be found
in the Chairman’s Statement, the Management Discussion and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this
annual report.


In addition, the Group’s environmental, employee, customer and supplier matters and compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company can be found in the Management Discussion
and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report and the 2023 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company published on 24 April 2024, respectively.


These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group closely integrated its energy conservation and emissions reduction efforts with its corporate operational
strategy. This was done in full compliance with the laws, regulations and requirements of relevant systems of the
Company for the purposes of further improving the environmental management system, specifying job responsibilities
and detailed appraisal rules, strengthening supervision and management over the operation of environmental
protection facilities and regulated environmental protection work. The Group’s environmental protection work is
always unremitting. the Company passed the recertification audit of ISO14001 environmental management system by
the certification authority, and the certification certificate continues to be valid.


The Group maintains a refined system of occupational health and safety management. Its production safety
management systems are developed at headquarters level in accordance with national laws and regulations.
Corresponding rules for safe operation are also in place regarding the equipment and facilities of the Group’s
subordinate factories.




68   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS


The Group’s business is mainly carried out by its subsidiaries in mainland China, and the Company is dually listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the operations of the Group should
comply with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland China and Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, to
the best knowledge of the Company, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland
China and Hong Kong which have significant impacts on the business and operations of the Group. There was no
material breach of, or non-compliance with, the applicable laws and regulations which have significant impacts on
the business and operations of the Group.


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAFF, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHER PERSONS

The Group continued to improve its occupational training system in order to provide equal opportunities for its staff.
The training system enhances the quality of its staff and their career development. In order to provide comprehensive
support and healthcare services to its staff, the Group also paid attention to their living environment through building
apartments, canteens and clinics for its staff, which were managed by a specialised institution of the Group.


The Group has always prioritized customer needs by creating valuable products and improving services. The
Company has increased customer satisfaction and offered the ideal experience for customers by improving its
customer service system and putting policies in place to protect their rights and interests.


The Group has established close and stable relationships with a number of major suppliers, and past records of the
Group showed that no significant shortages or delays were experienced when the Group received supplies or services
from the suppliers. During the Reporting Period, there was no major or significant dispute between the Group and its
suppliers.


The Group adhered to the principle of “operating with integrity”. The Code of Integrity applies to all staff of the
Group and they should observe the rules of integrity while interacting with various stakeholders including the
shareholders, customers, partners, government and society.


Further discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with laws and regulations,
and relationships with key stakeholders are also contained in the 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
of the Company published on 24 April 2024.


PROFIT DISTRIBUTION POLICIES

According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the profit distribution policy of the Company is as follows:


1.     The profit distribution of the Company shall focus on giving reasonable investment return to its investors. The
       profit distribution policies shall maintain continuity and stability, and shall not be adjusted at will to lower the
       level of return to shareholders once such policies have been confirmed.


2.     Form, condition and proportion of profit distribution of the Company:


       (1)    T h e C o m p a n y m a y d i s t r i b u t e d i v i d e n d s b y d i s t r i b u t i n g d i v i d e n d s i n f o r m o f c a s h, s h a r e s o r a
              combination of both cash and shares and distribution of profits by cash dividends shall be a prioritized
              means. When the conditions for profit distribution by cash dividends are met, profit distribution
              by cash dividends shall be adopted. Share repurchase by means of offering or centralized bidding
              in consideration of cash shall be deemed as cash dividend and included in the percentage of cash
              dividend.

                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023       69
Report of the Directors


       (2)      In distributing dividends in cash, the Company shall also meet the following conditions:


                (i)       the distributable profits of the Company for the year (i.e. the profits after tax of the Company
                          after making up for losses and making allocations to the statutory common reserve fund) shall
                          be a positive figure;


                (ii)      the auditor shall issue a standard unqualified audit report on the financial report of the Company
                          for the year;


                (iii)     the cash flows of the Company shall meet the normal operation and long-term development of
                          the Company.


       (3)      In principle, the dividends distributed by the Company in cash in the year shall not be less than 10% of
                the distributable profits realised in the year, and the accumulated profits distributed by the Company in
                cash in the last three years shall not be less than thirty (30) percent of the average annual distributable
                profits realised in the last three years. The remaining distributable profits shall be used to support the
                sustainable development of the Company.


       (4)      Conditions for distributing dividends in shares: Under the pre-requisite of ensuring reasonable share
                capital size and shareholding structure, the Company may distribute dividends in shares when the
                valuation of its shares is within a reasonable range, in order to provide return to its shareholders and
                share its corporate value.


       (5)      The profits distributed by the Company shall not exceed the accumulated distributable profits.


3.     In the event that the Company realises distributable profits, the Company may distribute interim cash
       dividends or distribute dividends in shares based on its profitability and capital requirements.


4.     Adjustment process of profit distribution policies:


       (1)      If the Company needs to adjust its profit distribution policies due to significant changes in external
                operating environment or its own operation, it shall consider from the perspective of the protection of
                shareholders’ interests, discuss in details and explain the reasons therefor. The Board shall put forward
                a proposal for adjusting the profit distribution policies based on actual situation, and the independent
                Directors and the Supervisory Committee shall issue examination opinions in this regard. The proposal
                shall be submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for the passing by the shareholders (including
                proxies) with voting rights representing two-thirds or more of the voting rights present at the meeting.


       (2)      The opinions of the independent Directors and the public shareholders shall be given due consideration
                in the course of discussion, formulation and amendment to the profit distribution policies of the
                Company. The Company shall hear the opinions of the shareholders on its profit distribution policies
                through investor telephone consultation, on-site survey and investor interactive platform, etc.




70   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


The Company strictly executes the profit distribution policies and establishes the profit distribution proposal in
accordance with its Articles of Association. The cash dividend policy of the Company is established and executed in
accordance with relevant requirements under the Articles of Association of the Company and the requirements at the
shareholder’s general meeting. The distribution standards and proportions are clearly stated and the relevant decision
making procedures systems of the profit distribution policies are complete.


Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 May 2022 for further details on the Shareholders’ Return Plan
for the Next Three Years (2022-2024) of the Company, which has been approved by the shareholders of the Company
at the 2021 annual general meeting held by the Company on 24 June 2022.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board proposes to distribute a cash dividend of RMB10.13 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares to all shareholders
(the “Proposed Dividend”) on the basis of the total share capital of the Company of 1,373,429,913 shares which
represents the total share capital of 1,387,935,370 shares deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchase
account as at 29 March 2024 (as at 29 March 2024, the Company has repurchased 14,505,457 shares in total), without
bonus issue and issue of shares by way of conversion of capital reserve. (For the year ended 31 December 2022, a
cash dividend of RMB5.171314 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares was paid to all shareholders on the basis of the total
share capital of 1,387,257,381 shares of the Company actually participating in the distribution).


The Proposed Dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting. Subject to the
approval of the Proposed Dividend by the shareholders, the Proposed Dividend is expected to be paid on or about 15
August 2024. The total amount of profits to be distributed is expected to be RMB1,391,284,501.87. Details of the
payment of the Proposed Dividend will be announced after the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting.


RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note V. (42-48）to the financial
statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note V.（48）and note XV to the
financial statements.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

For the year ended 31 December 2023, net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB10,612 million (2022: net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately
RMB4,032 million).


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee
balance) amounting to approximately RMB4,939 million (2022: RMB6,001 million), of which more than RMB3,926
million are denominated in Renminbi (2022: RMB5,315 million), and loans amounting to RMB3,301 million (2022:
RMB3,464 million).




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   71
Report of the Directors


Total capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately RMB985
million (2022: RMB883 million).


As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s current liabilities amounted to RMB44,042 million, non-current liabilities
amounted to RMB2,508 million, and shareholders’ equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB13,580 million.


Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note X. (3) to the financial statements.


HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had 56,240 employees, mainly comprising 10,816 technical staff, 12,362 sales
representatives, 497 financial staff, 1,236 administrative staff and 31,329 production staff. The Group had 76
employees with a doctorate degree, 2,500 with a master’s degree and 53,664 with a bachelor’s degree or below.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB8,470 million (2022: RMB7,610
million).


EMPLOYEES’ TRAINING AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Employees and talents are the cornerstone and guarantee of enterprise development. Under the talent management
method of “selection-recruitment-cultivation-promotion-retention” and the two main tasks of “professional
competency enhancement” and “management talent echelon construction”, the Company systematically carries out
employee training and development programs, so as to build broad development platform for the talents. In this way,
both the overall employee quality and team capability are improved.


The Company has built a dual career advancement channel consisting of the professional channel and the management
channel. In terms of the professional channel, the Company has established a job title and qualification management
system, along with competency requirements and learning maps for each profession and stage. Moreover, the
Company conducts annual employee capability certification programs, and those who pass are considered for
qualification level promotion, thus driving long-term capability growth. In terms of the management channel, the
Company has established a reserve talent selection mechanism, aiming to promote exceptional young employees to
higher positions with more responsibilities and challenges.


The Company adopts a position-based remuneration policy for its staff. Staff remuneration is determined with
reference to the relative importance of and responsibility assumed by the position of the staff and other performance
indicators.


The Company takes training as the driving force to improve the quality and career development of employees and
has built a three-level training system to implement staff training responsibilities at each level. During the Reporting
Period, the total training hours of the Company exceeded 770,000 with 43,000 trainees. Further discussions on the
Group’s employees’ training and remuneration policies are also contained in the 2023 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company published on 24 April 2024.




72   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land held
for own use), investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2022: nil) which were pledged as security
for the Group’s borrowings.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
note V.（15-16）to the financial statements.


PENSION SCHEMES

Details of the Group’s pension schemes for the Reporting Period are set out in note XII to the financial statements.


EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

Since part of the purchase and the majority of the overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were
denominated in foreign currency, the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has
used financial instruments such as import/export documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging
purpose.


PUBLIC FLOAT

The Directors confirm that as at 29 March 2024, based on publicly available information and to the best of their
knowledge, 25% or above of the total issued share capital of the Company were held by the public. Therefore, the
public float of the Company satisfies the requirement stipulated under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The eleventh session of the audit committee of the Company has reviewed the final results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2023.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The capital expenditure of the Group for 2023 was RMB985 million. The Group has sufficient funds to meet the
funding requirement for purposes such as capital expenditure plans and daily operations.


TRUST DEPOSITS

As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of
the Group’s deposits have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong
Kong.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   73
Report of the Directors


GEARING RATIO

As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: total liabilities/total assets)
was 70.59% (2022: 70.60%).


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Board has received a written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
their independence in accordance with the requirements provided under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
The Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors of the eleventh session of the Board meet
the relevant requirements under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and considers them to be independent.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

None of the Directors and the supervisors of the Company has a service contract with any member of the Group
which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Hong Kong
Listing Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or might compete with the businesses of the Company and
its subsidiaries.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors of the eleventh session of the Board and the supervisors of the Company do not and did not directly or
indirectly hold any material interests in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance of the Company or
its subsidiaries subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period.


THE COMPANY AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the transactions contemplated under the agreements mentioned in the section headed “Particulars of Material
Connected Transactions of the Company during the Reporting Period” and “Other Connected Transactions” below,
no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services (as defined under note 15.2 of
Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to which the Company and the controlling shareholders nor any of
their subsidiaries was a party and in which a controlling shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period.




74   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY INDEPENDENT
NONEXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors of the eleventh session of the Board have reviewed the continuing
connected transactions of the Group for the Reporting Period, and confirmed that these transactions were conducted
in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
them and on normal commercial terms or better which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
shareholders of the Company as a whole.


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY THE AUDITOR

After auditing the continuing connected transactions of the Group, the auditor of the Company confirmed that
nothing has come to its attention that causes it to believe that (i) the relevant continuing connected transactions of
the Group have not been approved by the Board; (ii) the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by
the Group were not, in all material respects, carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (iii)
the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
such transactions; and (iv) the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions has
exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps disclosed in the previous announcements made by the Company in
respect of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code for securities transaction by Directors and Supervisors. After
having made specific enquiries to the Directors and the Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that
they had acted in full compliance with the Model Code during their term of office.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2023, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                       Percentage to
                                                                                                     the total issued
Class of shares                                                          Number of shares               share capital


A shares                                                                        928,345,562                     66.89%
H shares                                                                        459,589,808                     33.11%
Total                                                                         1,387,935,370                   100.00%




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   75
Report of the Directors


TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

As at 31 December 2023, there were 20,853 (A shares: 20,816) shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) in
total, of which the top ten Shareholders were as follows:


                                                                                                Percentage      Number of
                                                                             Percentage      to the relevant   shares held
                                                                             to the total           class of    subject to
                                              Nature of    Number of       issued shares      issued shares       trading
Name of Shareholder                        Shareholder     shares held   of the Company     of the Company     moratorium


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning        Domestic general   516,758,670           37.23%             55.66%              0
     Company Limited                        legal person


HKSCC Nominees Limited Note1                    Foreign    458,904,667           33.06%             99.85%              0
                                            legal person


The Hong Kong Securities Clearing               Foreign     72,423,077            5.22%              7.80%              0
     Company (HKSCC)     Note2
                                            legal person


National Social Security Fund                     Other     11,394,132            0.82%              1.23%              0
     Portfolio No.101*
 （全國社保基金一零一組合）


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co.,                Other     10,810,000            0.78%              1.16%              0
     Ltd. – the 2022 A Share Employee
     Stock Ownership Plan*
 （海信家電集團股份有限公司－
     2022年A股員工持股計劃）


Zhang Shao Wu                                 Domestic       7,200,000            0.52%              0.78%              0
                                          natural person


Industrial and Commercial Bank of                 Other      7,187,151            0.52%              0.77%              0
     China – Southern Performance
     Growth Equity Securities
     Investment Fund*
 （中國工商銀行－南方績優成長
     股票型證券投資基金）


Industrial and Commercial Bank                    Other      6,904,300            0.50%              0.74%              0
     of China – Fullgoal Research
     Selection Flexible Allocation
     Hybrid Securities Investment
     Fund*（中國工商銀行股份有限
     公司－富國研究精選靈活配置
     混合型證券投資基金）




76      Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


                                                                                               Percentage            Number of
                                                                            Percentage      to the relevant         shares held
                                                                            to the total           class of           subject to
                                        Nature of         Number of       issued shares      issued shares               trading
Name of Shareholder                  Shareholder         shares held    of the Company     of the Company           moratorium


National Social Security Fund               Other          6,500,000             0.47%              0.70%                      0
  Portfolio No.103*
 （全國社保基金一零三組合）


Industrial Securities Co., Ltd. –           Other          5,447,317             0.39%              0.59%                      0
  Purekind Xinrui Core Selection
  Hybrid Securities Investment
  Fund*（興業證券股份有限公司－
  淳厚信睿核心精選混合型證券投資
  基金）



Note 1: HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in H shares. The
        shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, among which, Hisense
        (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a party acting in concert with the controlling shareholder of the Company. By the end of
        this reporting period, Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited held a total of 124,452,000 H shares of the Company as at
        representing 8.97% of the total number of shares of the Company.


Note 2: HKSCC is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in A shares through Shenzhen Connect.
        The shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participant.


Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of whether any shareholders is connected with each other or any
of them is a party acting in concert with any of the other within the meaning of Administrative Measures for the
Takeover of Listed Companies (《上市公司收購管理辦法》).




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   77
Report of the Directors


SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                                            Number of
Name of Shareholders                                               tradable shares held   Class of shares


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning Company Limited                           516,758,670    RMB ordinary
                                                                                           shares


HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                     458,904,667    Overseas listed
                                                                                           foreign shares


HKSCC                                                                       72,423,077    RMB ordinary
                                                                                           shares


National Social Security Fund Portfolio No.101*(全國社保基金一                     11,394,132    RMB ordinary
     零一組合)                                                                                 shares


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. – the 2022 A Share                  10,810,000    RMB ordinary
     Employee Stock Ownership Plan*(海信家電集團股份有限公司－                                          shares
     2022年A股員工持股計劃)


Zhang Shao Wu                                                                7,200,000    RMB ordinary
                                                                                           shares


Industrial and Commercial Bank of China- Southern Performance                7,187,151    RMB ordinary
     Growth Equity Securities Investment Fund*(中國工商銀行－南                                    shares
     方績優成長股票型證券投資基金)


Industrial and Commercial Bank of China - Fullgoal Research                  6,904,300    RMB ordinary
     Selection Flexible Allocation Hybrid Securities Investment                            shares
     Fund*(中國工商銀行股份有限公司－富國研究精選靈活配置
     混合型證券投資基金)


National Social Security Fund Portfolio No.103*(全國社保基金一                      6,500,000    RMB ordinary
     零三組合)                                                                                 shares


Industrial Securities Co., Ltd. – Purekind Xinrui Core Selection             5,447,317    RMB ordinary
     Hybrid Securities Investment Fund*（興業證券股份有限公司－                                        shares
     淳厚信睿核心精選混合型證券投資基金)

*    For identification purposes only




78     Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

So far as is known to the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 31 December 2023,
the following persons (other than the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:


Interests or short position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                             Percentage
                                                                                             of the total        Percentage of
                                                  Type of              Number of             number of           the respective
Name of Shareholder          Capacity             shares               shares held       shares in issue        types of shares


Hisense                      Beneficial owner     A shares         516,758,670(L)                37.23%                   55.66%
  Air-conditioning Note


Hisense Group Note           Interest of          A shares         516,758,670(L)                37.23%                   55.66%
                             controlled
                             corporation


Hisense Hong Kong Note       Beneficial owner     H shares         124,452,000(L)                 8.97%                   27.08%


Hisense Group                Interest of          H shares         124,452,000(L)                 8.97%                   27.08%
                             controlled
                             corporation

The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position and the letter “P” denotes a lending
pool.

Note:   Hisense Air-conditioning is a company 93.33% directly owned by Hisense Group, whereas Hisense Hong Kong is a
        company directly wholly-owned by Hisense Group. By virtue of the SFO, Hisense Group was deemed to be interested in
        the same parcel of A shares of which Hisense Air-conditioning was interested and in the same parcel of H shares of which
        Hisense Hong Kong was interested.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, in so far as the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives
of the Company are aware, there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant
to section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   79
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

1.     Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company, was
       incorporated on 17 November 1995. Its registered address is at Changsha Road, Hi-tech Industrial Zone,
       Qingdao, the PRC, its legal representative is Mr. Dai Hui Zhong and its registered capital is RMB674.79
       million. Its business scope includes the development and manufacture of air-conditioning products and
       injection moulds and the provision of after-sale repairing services for its products (Permit/licence shall be
       obtained for the operation of the businesses above if they fall into the requirements of licensure).


2.     The Company has no actual controller.


3.     Diagram of property rights and control relationships of the Company

                                Qingdao
                                                 SITC            Qingdao Yuanli          Qingdao Hengxin
                Hisense         Xinfeng                                                                          Position
                                               Steamship     Information Consultant     Chuangshi Electronic
               Company        Information                                                                       Incentive
                                               (Shanghai)     Company Limited and           Technology
                Limited       Technology                                                                       Shareholders
                                                Co., Ltd.    Partnership Enterprises     Company Limited
                                Co., Ltd.
                     26.79%         24.36%          2.64%                12.10%                    3.06%            31.04%



                                                     Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.


                                   93.33%                                                   100%
                              Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning                    Hisense (Hong Kong)
                                     Company Limited                               Company Limited
                                    37.23%                                                   8.97%

                                                        Hisense Home Appliances
                                                             Group Co., Ltd.




       Note:    Due to rounding, the sum of the equity ratios in the above chart has a trailing difference.


4.     During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the controlling shareholders of the Company.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2023, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board, supervisors and the chief
executives of the Company held any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of
the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the
register required to be maintained by the Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




80   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


Long position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                      Percentage             Percentage
                                                                                     to the issued   to the total issued
                                                                                      A shares of               shares of
Name of Director         Nature of interest        Number of A shares                the Company          the Company


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong        Beneficial owner                        900,000                   0.10%                    0.06%
Mr. Jia Shao Qian        Beneficial owner                        954,360                   0.10%                    0.07%
Mr. Hu Jian Yong         Beneficial owner                        660,000                   0.07%                    0.05%
Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua       Beneficial owner                        450,000                   0.05%                    0.03%
Ms. Gao Yu Ling          Beneficial owner                        550,000                   0.06%                    0.04%
Mr. Yin Zhi Xin          Beneficial owner                        220,000                   0.02%                    0.02%

SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS

Sales to major customers of the Company


Total sales to top 5 customers (RMB)                                                                 25,301,014,047.13
Total sales to top 5 customers as a percentage of the total sales for the year (%)                                   29.56
Total sales to top 5 customers which are related parties as a percentage of the total sales                          19.89
    for the year (%)

Information on top 5 customers of the Company

                                                                                                      As a percentage
                                                                                                            of the total
                                                                                                     sales for the year
No.         Name of customer                                                     Sales (RMB)                         (%)

1           The first                                                      12,685,359,460.76                         14.82
2           The second                                                      6,220,292,414.43                          7.27
3           The third                                                       2,865,804,609.21                          3.35
4           The fourth                                                      2,056,718,487.21                          2.40
5           The fifth                                                       1,472,839,075.52                          1.72

Explanation on the other situation of major customers


✓Applicable □ Not applicable


Among the top 5 customers, the first, third and fifth customers are controlled by Hisense Group and have connected
relationship with the Company. Except for this, other customers have no connected relationship with the Company.


Major suppliers of the Company


Total purchases from top 5 suppliers (RMB)                                                            6,123,544,758.83
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers as a percentage of the total purchases for the year (%)                          9.18
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers which are related parties as a percentage of the total                           1.07
    purchases for the year (%)




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   81
Report of the Directors


Information on top 5 suppliers of the Company

                                                                                                               As a
                                                                                                        percentage
                                                                                                        of the total
                                                                                                         purchases
                                                                                Purchases              for the year
No.         Name of suppliers                                                      (RMB)                         (%)

1           The first                                                    2,696,730,950.10                      4.04
2           The second                                                   1,015,862,970.08                      1.52
3           The third                                                      967,207,025.36                      1.45
4           The fourth                                                     732,200,061.52                      1.10
5           The fifth                                                      711,543,751.77                      1.07

Explanation on the other situation of major suppliers


✓Applicable       □Not applicable


Among the top 5 suppliers, the fifth supplier and the Company are controlled by Hisense Group and have connected
relationship with the Company. Except for this, other suppliers have no connected relationship with the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

On 30 December 2022, the Company convened the 10th extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session of the Board,
in which the resolution relating to the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company through centralized bidding
trading (the “2022 A Share Repurchase Plan”) was considered and approved. The 2022 A Shares repurchased under
the 2022 A Share Repurchase Plan are intended to be used for the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan.


On 14 March 2023, the Company convened the fourth extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session of the Board, in
which the resolution relating to adjusting the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company through centralized
bidding trading was considered and approved. The upper limit of the repurchase price under the 2022 A Share
Repurchase Plan was adjusted from not more than RMB17.00 per Share to not more than RMB21.00 per Share, and
the total repurchase funds were adjusted from not less than RMB99,450,000 and not more than RMB198,900,000 to
not less than RMB122,850,000 and not more than RMB245,700,000.


From 16 January 2023 to 16 March 2023, the Company repurchased 11,699,989 A Shares of the Company through
centralized bidding trading at a total transaction amount of RMB211,401,111.66 (excluding transaction fees). As
at the date of this annual report, the repurchase of A shares under the 2022 A Share Repurchase Plan has been
completed.




82    Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


The monthly report on the repurchase of A Shares by the Company in 2023 is as follows:


                                                              Maximum               Minimum             Total funds
                                         Number of        purchase price       purchase price           used (RMB,
                                       repurchases             per share            per share              excluding
Month                                       (shares)       (RMB/share)           (RMB/share)     transaction costs)

January 2023                              2,060,816                    17                16.66        34,640,666.64
February 2023                             4,630,673                    17                16.71        78,383,813.67
March 2023                                5,008,500                 20.12                18.41        98,376,631.35

AUDITOR

On 29 June 2023, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to re-appoint
ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year 2023, and the Board was
authorised to fix their remuneration. There have been no changes of auditors of the Company in the preceding three
years.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company or the relevant PRC
laws.


TAXATION

Pursuant to the relevant tax regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay corporate income tax at the
rate of 10% when distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise shareholders whose names appear on the register
of members of the Company in respect of its H shares.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s securities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material investments
or capital assets.


As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   83
Report of the Directors


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2023, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of RMB134,598,642.85,
and recognised projected liabilities of RMB115,479,065.21 had been made.


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not have any significant contingent liabilities.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group against
any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such Directors and officers may be held liable.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement that would enable the Directors or the Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares
in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouse or
children under the age of 18 had any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other
body corporate or had exercised any such right.


On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 A Share
Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 2 January 2023 and the circular
dated 13 February 2023.


THE RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP
PLAN

On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (the “Incentive Scheme”)
on the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class meeting and the 2023 first H Share
class meeting, and adopted the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “Stock Ownership Plan”) on the
2023 second extraordinary general meeting.


A summary of the Incentive Scheme


1.    Purpose of the Incentive Scheme


       The purposes of the Incentive Scheme are to further establish and improve the Company’s long-term incentive
       mechanism, attract and retain excellent talents, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the mid-level management
       and key staff of the Company, effectively align the interests of the Shareholders, the Company and individuals
       of the core team to focus on the long-term development of the Company.


2.    Participants of the Incentive Scheme


       There are 596 participants (subsequently adjusted to 511 Participants) to be granted under the Incentive
       Scheme, who are mid-level management and key staff of the Company. All of the participants must be
       employed by the Company and enter into labour contracts or employment agreement with his/her employment
       unit at the time of the grant of Restricted Shares by the Company and during the appraisal period specified in
       the Incentive Scheme.




84   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


     The participants granted under the Incentive Scheme include certain expatriate employees. The expatriate
     employees, who are the Participants, are in the core key positions of the Company and play an important
     role in the future operation and development of the Company. The implementation of the Incentive Scheme
     can better stabilize and attract foreign top talents to join the Company. All participants are the mid-level
     management and key staff of the Company, who are the pillar of achieving the strategic targets of the
     Company. The attraction, retention and the active mobility of such pillar are of utmost importance to the
     development of the Company. The Incentive Scheme will further facilitate the construction and stability of the
     core talent team of the Company, thus contributing to the long-term development of the Company.


     The participants under the Incentive Scheme do not include the independent Directors, supervisors of the
     Company, Shareholders individually or in aggregate holding more than 5% of the Shares or the de facto
     controllers and their spouses, parents or children.


3.   Total number of shares available for issue under the Incentive Scheme and percentage of issued shares
     that it represents as at the date of the annual report


     The Restricted Shares proposed to be granted to the Participants under the Incentive Scheme shall be
     29,618,000 Shares (subsequently adjusted to 25,422,000 Shares due to the adjustment of the number of the
     Participants), the underlying Shares of which are RMB ordinary A Shares. As at the date of this annual report,
     there is no Restricted Shares available for future grant under the Incentive Scheme.


4.   Maximum entitlements of each participant under the Incentive Scheme


     The total number of Shares granted under all incentive schemes of the Company to any Participant shall not
     exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company.


5.   Basis of determination of the grant price


     The Grant Price of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme shall not be lower than the nominal value
     of the shares and not be lower than 50% of the higher of the followings:


     (a)    the average trading price of the Shares for the last trading day preceding the Announcement Date (total
            trading amount for the last trading day/total trading volume for the last trading day) of RMB13.28 per
            Share;


     (b)    the average trading price of the Shares for the last 60 trading days preceding the Announcement Date
            (total trading amount of the Shares for the last 60 trading days/total trading volume of the Shares for
            the last 60 trading days) of RMB12.07 per Share.


6.   Remaining validity period of the Incentive Scheme


     The Validity Period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the completion date of registration of the
     grant of the Restricted Shares and end on the date on which all Restricted Shares granted to Participants are
     unlocked or repurchased, and shall not exceed 48 months. The grant of all the Restricted Shares under the
     Incentive Scheme was made on 28 February 2023, the registration of which was completed on 23 May 2023.
     The validity term is from 23 May 2023 to 25 May 2026.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   85
Report of the Directors


7.          Fair values of the relevant options and awards as at the grant date and the accounting standards and
            policies adopted

             According to the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 11 – Share-based
             Payments and the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement
             of Financial Instruments, on each balance sheet date during the Lock-up Period, the Company shall revise
             the number of the Restricted Shares expected to be unlocked with reference to the changes in the latest
             available number of persons eligible to unlock the Restricted Shares and the completion status of performance
             indicators, and recognize the services obtained in the current period in relevant costs or expenses and capital
             reserve at the fair value of the Restricted Shares as of the Grant Date. The fair value of the Restricted Shares
             granted on the date of grant was approximately RMB57.109 million.

             The following table sets out the details of grant of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme during
             the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                        Closing price
                                                                                                               of the
                                                                                                            A Shares
                                                                                                               on the Closing price
                                                                                                          completion         of the    Unvested       Granted       Vested    Cancelled        Lapsed     Unvested
                                                                                                          date of the    A Shares          as at    during the   during the   during the    during the        as at
                                 Date of                                                         Grant registration on the date       1 January     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting      30 June
Grantee                          grant         Unlocking period(2)                                price for the grant     of grant        2023(3)      Period       Period       Period        Period         2023

511 Participants who are mid-    28 February   The lock-up period of the Restricted           RMB6.64      RMB24.40      RMB19.11           N/A     25,422,000           –            –             –    25,422,000
  level management and key staff 2023(1)         Shares granted under the Incentive         per A Share   per A Share   per A Share                   A Shares                                             A Shares
  of the Company (including its                  Scheme shall be 12 months, 24 months
  controlled subsidiaries)                       and 36 months from the completion
                                                 date of registration of the grant of the
                                                 Restricted Shares of the Participants,
                                                 respectively.

Total                                                                                                                                               25,422,000           –            –             –    25,422,000
                                                                                                                                                      A Shares                                             A Shares

             Notes:

             (1)          The registration for the grant was completed on 23 May 2023.

             (2)          The unlocking period, unlocking schedule and ratio of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme are set out
                          in the table below:


                          Unlocking arrangement                            Unlocking period                                                                                                Unlocking ratio

                          First unlocking period                           Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                   40%
                                                                           12-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                           grant and ending on the last trading day of the 24-month period
                                                                           from the completion date of registration of the grant

                          Second unlocking period                          Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                   30%
                                                                           24-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                           grant and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                                                                           from the completion date of registration of the grant

                          Third unlocking period                           Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                   30%
                                                                           36-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                           grant and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                                                                           from the completion date of registration of the grant

             (3)          The Incentive Scheme was adopted on 28 February 2023.


86        Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


A summary of the Stock Ownership Plan


1.   Purposes of the Stock Ownership Plan


      The purposes of the Stock Ownership Plan are to establish and improve the mechanism for sharing benefits
      between employees and shareholders, attract, motivate and retain core talents, improve corporate governance
      standards, increase the cohesion of employees and competitiveness of the Company, raise the enthusiasm and
      creativity of employees, and promote the long-term, sustainable and healthy development of the Company.


2.   Participants of the Stock Ownership Plan


      The participants of the Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors,
      senior management and other core employees of the Company, who have an important role and influence
      on the overall performance and medium- to long-term development of the Company. The total number of
      Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors, senior management and other core employees of
      the Company participating in the Stock Ownership Plan shall not exceed 59 for the first grant, including
      7 Directors, supervisor and senior management. The relationship between such personnel and the Stock
      Ownership Plan does not constitute acting-in-concert relationship.


3.   Total number of shares under the Stock Ownership Plan and percentage of issued shares that it
     represents as at the date of the annual report


      The underlying Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 11,700,000 Shares. As at the date
      of this annual report, there are 889,989 A Shares available for future grant under the Stock Ownership Plan,
      representing approximately 0.10% of the Company’s total ordinary A Shares of 928,345,562 and 0.06% the
      Company’s total share capital of 1,387,935,370 Shares.


4.   Maximum entitlements of each participant under the Stock Ownership Plan


      The number of the underlying Shares corresponding to the units of Stock Ownership Plan held by any Holder
      shall not exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company (excluding the Shares acquired by the Holder
      before the Company’s initial public offering for listing, the Shares purchased by the Holder through the
      secondary market and the Shares acquired through equity incentives).


5.   Purchase price and pricing basis of the Stock Ownership Plan


      The purchase price of the Shares held in the Company’s designated securities repurchase account under the
      Stock Ownership Plan shall be RMB6.64 per Share, being 50% of the average price of the Shares traded on
      the last trading day preceding the Announcement Date.


      The participants of the Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors,
      senior management and other core employees of the Company, who are responsible for corporate governance,
      assisting in the formulation of the Company’s strategic planning or other important tasks. The Company
      is of the view that, on the basis of compliance with the laws and regulations, providing incentives to these
      employees by granting Shares to them at an appropriate price can truly enhance the enthusiasm and sense of
      responsibility of the target employees.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   87
Report of the Directors


6.         Remaining validity period of the Stock Ownership Plan


            The term of the Stock Ownership Plan shall be 48 months, commencing from the date on which the Company
            announces the transfer of the last tranche of underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership
            Plan. If not extended, the Stock Ownership Plan will be terminated automatically upon the expiry of its term.
            Upon expiry of the lock-up period of the Stock Ownership Plan and if all the underlying Shares held under the
            Stock Ownership Plan are sold or transferred to the unit holders and liquidated and distributed in accordance
            with the regulations, the Stock Ownership Plan may be terminated prior to the expiry upon consideration and
            approval by the holders’ meeting. The validity term is from 1 June 2023 to 1 June 2026.


7.         Fair values of the relevant options and awards as at the grant date and the accounting standards and
           policies adopted


            According to the provisions of Accounting Standards for Enterprises No. 11 – Share-based Payment, the
            equity-settled share-based payments in consideration of services rendered by staff that can only be exercised
            upon the completion of services or attainment of required performance targets within the vesting period are
            recognized in relevant cost or expenses and the capital reserve in respect of services obtained for the period
            at the fair value on the date of grant of the equity instrument based on the best estimate of the volume of
            exercisable equity instruments at each balance sheet date during the vesting period. The fair value of the
            underlying Shares of the Stock Ownership Plan granted on the date of grant was approximately RMB20.883
            million.


            The following table sets out the details of grant of Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan during the
            Reporting Period.

                                                                                         Closing
                                                                                     price of the    Unvested       Granted       Vested    Cancelled       Lapsed     Unvested
                                                                                       A Shares          as at    during the   during the   during the   during the        as at
                          Date of                                        Purchase    on the date    1 January     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting      30 June
Grantee                   grant         Unlocking period                    price       of grant        2023(3)      Period       Period       Period       Period       2023(2)

Dai Hui Zhong                           The underlying Shares                                                       900,000            –            –            –      900,000
  (Chairman)                             acquired by the Stock                                                     A Shares                                            A Shares
Jia Shao Qian (Executive                 Ownership Plan through                                                     550,000            –            –            –      550,000
  Director)                              non-trading transfer or                                                   A Shares                                            A Shares
Hu Jian Yong (Executive                  other ways permitted by                                                    660,000            –            –            –      660,000
  Director and President)                the laws and regulations                                                  A Shares                                            A Shares
Gao Yu Ling (Executive                   shall be unlocked in three                                                 550,000            –            –            –      550,000
                          1 June                                         RMB6.64      RMB24.42
  Director and person in                 phases commencing from                                                    A Shares                                            A Shares
                            2023(1)                                    per A Share   per A Share
  charge of finance)                     12 months after the date of
Xia Zhang Zhua                           the announcement of the                                                     450,000           –            –            –       450,000
                                                                                                          N/A
  (Executive Director)                   Company of the transfer                                                    A Shares                                            A Shares
Yin Zhi Xin (Supervisor)                 of the last tranche of                                                      220,000           –            –            –       220,000
                                         underlying Shares for the                                                  A Shares                                            A Shares
Zhang Yu Xin (Secretary                  first grant to the Stock                                                    180,000           –            –            –       180,000
 to the Board)                           Ownership Plan. The lock-                                                  A Shares                                            A Shares
Sub-total                                up period shall be up to 36                                               3,510,000           –            –            –     3,510,000
                                         months.                                                                    A Shares                                            A Shares
Other core employees      1 June 2023                                    RMB6.64      RMB24.42                     7,300,000           –            –            –     7,300,000
 (not exceeding 52                                                     per A Share   per A Share                    A Shares                                            A Shares
 people)

Total                                                                                                             10,810,000           –            –            –    10,810,000
                                                                                                                    A Shares                                            A Shares




88        Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


      Notes:


      (1)      Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 2 June 2023 in relation to the transfer of the underlying
               Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan.


      (2)      Details of the unlocking period are as follows:


               •       Time of unlocking for the first batch shall be: the expiry of 12 months from the date of the announcement
                       of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                       Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 40% of the total number of the
                       underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


               •       Time of unlocking for the second batch shall be: the expiry of 24 months from the date of the announcement
                       of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                       Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the
                       underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


               •       Time of unlocking for the third batch shall be: the expiry of 36 months from the date of the announcement
                       of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                       Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the
                       underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


      (3)      The Stock Ownership Plan was adopted on 28 February 2023.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

To the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2023.


On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 A Share
Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 2 January 2023 and the circular
dated 13 February 2023.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   89
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE COMPANY DURING
THE REPORTING PERIOD

Connected transactions during the Reporting Period


(I)     On 7 November 2022, the Company entered into (i) a business co-operation framework agreement, and (ii)
        a financial services agreement with Hisense Group and Hisense Finance respectively. On 9 January 2023,
        the Company entered into a business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi. On 30 October 2023, the
        Company entered into a second business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi


        Hisense Air-conditioning is a connected person of the Company by virtue of it being a substantial shareholder
        o f t h e C o m p a n y, h o l d i n g a p p r o x i m a t e l y 37.23% o f t h e i s s u e d s h a r e s o f t h e C o m p a n y. H i s e n s e H o n g
        Kong holds approximately 8.97% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Group and its subsidiaries
        (including but not limited to Hisense Finance) are connected persons of the Company pursuant to the Hong
        Kong Listing Rules. Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Johnson Hitachi, being the holding company
        of two substantial shareholders of Hisense Hitachi (namely Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning
        Trading (Hong Kong) Limited and Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning Taiwan Co., Ltd), becomes a
        connected person of the Company at subsidiary level.


        Details of the business co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group, and the financial services
        agreement with Hisense Finance can be found in the announcement and the circular published on the website
        of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 7 November 2022 and 20 December 2022. Details of the business co-
        operation agreement and the second business co-operation agreement, with Johnson Hitach can be found in the
        announcement published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 9 January 2023 and 30 October
        2023.


        The above transactions constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
        Listing Rules. The Company confirmed that it had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
        with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the relevant connected transactions.




90    Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


    The particulars of the business co-operation framework agreement and the financial services agreement are as
    follows:


    1.    Business co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group


           On one hand, the supply of home electrical appliances, raw materials and parts and components,
           equipment and moulds by the Group to Hisense Group can help lower the production costs of the Group
           as a result of the increase in production level, which, in turn, enhances the market competitiveness
           of the Group’s products. At the same time, the Group can continue to develop overseas market and
           enhance brand competitiveness and awareness. The Group can also increase market share by selling
           products through the online platform of Hisense Group which reduces the product circulation links.
           Provision of services to Hisense Group will increase the income of the Group. On the other hand,
           taking into account the product quality, prices and services provided by Hisense Group, purchases of
           home electrical appliances, equipment, raw materials and parts and components from Hisense Group
           and engagement of their services can meet the manufacture needs of the Company and the development
           of related business, and can also help reduce costs. As such, the Company entered into the business co-
           operation framework agreement with Hisense Group on 7 November 202, the principal terms of which
           are as follows:


           (1)    The business co-operation framework agreement shall commence from 9 January 2023, being
                  the date on which the agreement was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the first
                  2023 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2023, which can be
                  terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the parties.


           (2)    Pricing for the mutual purchase of home electrical appliances between the Group on the one
                  hand and Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between
                  the parties according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness mainly with reference to
                  the market price of similar home electrical appliances. Pricing for the mutual purchase of raw
                  materials and parts and components between the Group on the one hand and Hisense Group
                  on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to
                  the principles of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar raw
                  materials, parts and components. Pricing for the sales of equipment by the Group to Hisense
                  Group is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to the principles
                  of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar equipment. Pricing
                  for the sales of moulds by the Group to Hisense Group is determined by the open bidding
                  process. Pricing for the mutual provision of services between the Group on the one hand and
                  Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiations according to the
                  principles of fairness and reasonableness between the parties with reference to the market price
                  for the provision of similar services in the industry.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   91
Report of the Directors


                (3)       The annual caps under the business co-operation framework agreement are shown in the table
                          below:


                                                                              Unit: RMB’0000 (exclusive of value-added tax)


                          Types of connected transactions                        Connected person              Annual cap


                          Sale of electrical appliances products by the          Hisense Group
                            Group                                                                                2,930,961


                          Sale of raw materials, parts and components by         Hisense Group                     305,951
                            the Group


                          Sale of moulds by the Group                            Hisense Group                      14,282


                          Provision of property services, material               Hisense Group                        7,564
                            processing services and installation services
                            by the Group


                          Purchase of electrical appliances products by          Hisense Group                      60,496
                            the Group


                          Purchase of raw materials, parts and components        Hisense Group                     310,935
                            by the Group


                          Receipt of employee health management,                 Hisense Group                     177,016
                            material processing, installation and
                            maintenance, distribution, property, leasing,
                            design, inspection, agency, training, technical
                            support, and information system maintenance
                            services by the Group




92   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


    2.   Financial services agreement with Hisense Finance


         The Group is expected to benefit from the rates on loans and deposits offered by Hisense Finance
         to the Group, which will be equal to or more favourable than those offered by the PRC commercial
         banks, and, at the same time, Hisense Finance’s better understanding of the operations of the Group
         should allow the provision of more expedient and efficient services than those offered by the PRC
         commercial banks. On the other hand, Hisense Finance is regulated by National Financial Regulatory
         Administration and complies with the regulations and operation requirements issued by the relevant
         regulatory authorities in its provision of financial services. The primary customers of Hisense Finance
         are the companies within Hisense Group. In general, as the risks exposed to Hisense Finance are less
         than those exposed to the financial institutions with a broad and unrestricted customer base, Hisense
         Finance is able to safeguard the customers’ funds more effectively. As such, the Company entered into
         the financial services agreement with Hisense Finance on 7 November 2022, the principal terms of
         which are as follows:


         (1)    The term of the financial services agreement shall commence from 9 January 2023, being the
                date on which the agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at
                the first 2023 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2023, which
                can be terminated by either party if the other party is in default and such default is not remedied
                within a reasonable period.


         (2)    The services to be provided by Hisense Finance Company to the Group include deposit services,
                loan and electronic bank acceptance bill (電子銀行承兌匯票) services, draft discount services
                (票據貼現服務), settlement and sale of foreign exchange services (結售匯服務) and agency
                services such as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds (資金收支結算等代理類服
                務).


         (3)    The maximum daily closing balance of the deposits placed by the Group with Hisense Finance
                Company at any time during the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed
                t h e c a p o f R M B27,000,000,000 (i n c l u s i v e o f i n t e r e s t) o n a n y g i v e n d a y. T h e m a x i m u m
                closing balance of loan and electronic bank acceptance bills provided by Hisense Finance
                for the Group during the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap
                of RMB18,000,000,000 (inclusive of interest and service fees). The annual discount interest
                payable by the Group to Hisense Finance for the provision of draft discount services during
                the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap of RMB50,000,000. The
                annual amount settled or sold by Hisense Finance for the Group during the term of the financial
                services agreement shall not exceed the cap of US$300,000,000. The annual amount of the
                service fees payable by the Group to Hisense Finance for the provision of agency services such
                as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds (資金收支結算等代理類服務) during the
                term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap of RMB3,000,000.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023    93
Report of the Directors


(II)     Connected transactions conducted in the ordinary course of operation during the Reporting Period, details of
         which are as follows:


                                                                                                    Connected       Percentage of
                                                       Particulars           Pricing principle     transaction      total amount
                                 Type of connected     of connected          of connected        amount (RMB           of similar
         Connected party         transaction           transaction           transaction         ten thousand)   transactions (%)


         Hisense Group           Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price              39,497                0.59
         Johnson Hitachi         Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price            10,350.34               0.16
         Hisense Group           Purchase              Materials             Agreed price           198,272.88               2.97
         Johnson Hitachi         Purchase              Materials             Agreed price            77,488.62               1.16
         Hisense Group           Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price           129,629.23               1.94
         Johnson Hitachi         Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price             1,520.48               0.02
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price         2,115,942.78              24.72
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price            25,243.92               0.29
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Materials             Agreed price           126,591.34               1.48
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Materials             Agreed price              537.77                0.01
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price             6,757.63               0.08
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price              985.20                0.01
         Hisense Group           Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price             6,446.25               0.08
         Johnson Hitachi         Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price                   –                  –

         As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had the balance of deposit of RMB15.338 billion, recognised
         interest income of RMB0.332 billion, the actual balance of loan of RMB0.110 billion, recognised loan interest
         of RMB1.9131 million, the balance of electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB1.556 billion, the handling fee
         for opening accounts for electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB1.0472 million. For the Reporting Period, the
         actual amount of discounted interest for the provision of draft discount services was RMB0.8188 million, the
         actual amount involved in the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services was US$12.2286
         million and the actual service fee paid for the provision of agency services such as settlement services for
         receipt and payment of funds was RMB1.0374 million.




94     Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


(III)   During the Reporting Period, the Company and its connected persons (within the meaning under Chapter 14A
        of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) have entered into the following agreements, involving transactions between
        the Group and the relevant connected persons after the Reporting Period:


                                                                                                               Annual cap (exclusive of value-added tax)
                                                          Type of connected             For the year ending            For the year ending            For the year ending
        No.   Agreement               Connected persons   transactions                  31 December 2024               31 December 2025               31 December 2026


        1     Business co-operation   Hisense Group       Purchase of products from     RMB5,526,320,000               RMB6,921,750,000               RMB8,495,960,000
                framework agreement                         connected persons


                                      Hisense Group       Sale of products to           RMB30,852,220,000              RMB40,334,050,000              RMB47,652,240,000
                                                            connected persons


        2     Financial services      Hisense Finance     Deposit services to be        The maximum daily closing The maximum daily closing The maximum daily closing
                agreement                                   provided by Hisense Finance balance at any time shall        balance at any time shall      balance at any time shall
                                                            to the Group                  not exceed the cap of          not exceed the cap of          not exceed the cap of
                                                                                          RMB27,000,000,000              RMB27,000,000,000              RMB27,000,000,000
                                                                                          (inclusive of interest)        (inclusive of interest)        (inclusive of interest)
                                                                                          on any given day.              on any given day.              on any given day.


                                                          Loan and electronic finance The daily closing balance        The daily closing balance      The daily closing balance
                                                            company acceptance bill       shall not exceed the cap       shall not exceed the cap       shall not exceed the cap
                                                            services (電子財務公司承             of RMB5,000,000,000            of RMB5,400,000,000            of RMB5,900,000,000
                                                            兌匯票服務) to be provided (inclusive of interest and             (inclusive of interest and     (inclusive of interest and
                                                            by Hisense Finance to the     service fees) on any given service fees) on any given service fees) on any given
                                                            Group                         day.                           day.                           day.


                                                          Draft discount services (票據 The annual discount interest The annual discount interest The annual discount interest
                                                            貼現服務) to be provided          shall not exceed the cap of shall not exceed the cap of shall not exceed the cap of
                                                            by Hisense Finance to the     RMB50,000,000.                 RMB50,000,000.                 RMB50,000,000.
                                                            Group


                                                          Settlement and sale of foreign The annual amount settled or The annual amount settled or The annual amount settled or
                                                            exchange services (結售         sold shall not exceed the      sold shall not exceed the      sold shall not exceed the
                                                            匯服務) to be provided           cap of US$300,000,000.         cap of US$300,000,000.         cap of US$300,000,000.
                                                            by Hisense Finance to the
                                                            Group


                                                          Agency services such as       The annual amount of the       The annual amount of the       The annual amount of the
                                                            settlement services for       service fees payable shall     service fees payable shall     service fees payable shall
                                                            receipt and payment of        not exceed the cap of          not exceed the cap of          not exceed the cap of
                                                            funds (資金收支結算等代               RMB3,000,000.                  RMB3,000,000.                  RMB3,000,000.
                                                            理類服務). to be provided
                                                            by Hisense Finance to the
                                                            Group




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023            95
Report of the Directors


       The date of the above agreements is 28 November 2023. The terms of the business co-operation framework
       agreement and financial services agreement commence from the date of which such agreements were approved
       by the independent shareholders (that is, 25 January 2024) until 31 December 2026. The relationships between
       the Group and Hisense Group and Hisense Finance have been disclosed above.


       Details of the above agreements can be found in the announcement and the circular published on the website
       of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 November 2023 and 3 January 2024 respectively.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO JOINT EXTERNAL INVESTMENT

For details, please refer to the section headed “Other Major Connected Transactions”.


CONNECTED CREDITOR’S RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES

During the reporting period, the Company’s related credit and debt transactions were mainly transactions arising
from the sale of goods, purchase of goods, provision of services and acceptance of services, and the Company did not
have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and liabilities.


OTHER MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

On 21 December 2023, the Company held the ninth extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session of the Board in
2023, the resolution on the establishment of a Joint Venture Company with a connected party was considered and
passed, at which the Company agreed to entered into the Joint Venture Agreement with Hisense Visual to establish
Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd.*(青島海信環亞控股有限公司) (the “Joint Venture Company”).
The registered capital of the Joint Venture Company will be RMB318,300,000, of which Hisense Visual has agreed
to contribute RMB159,150,000 in cash, being 50% of the registered capital of the Joint Venture Company, and the
Company has agreed to contribute the remaining RMB159,150,000 in cash.


Details of the above transaction can be found in the announcement published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on 21 December 2023.




96   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of significant related party transactions undertaken by the Group during the Reporting Period in the ordinary
course of business are set out in note XII.3 to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed
"Particulars of Material Connected Transactions of the Company During the Reporting Period" and "Other Connected
Transactions" in this annual report, related party transactions as disclosed in note XII.3 to the financial statements
are not deemed as connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, but are exempt from
the reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied
with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.


PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE WEBSITES OF THE HONG KONG STOCK
EXCHANGE AND THE COMPANY

This annual report, containing all information as required by Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, has
been published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkex.com.hk) and the website of the
Company (hxjd.hisense.cn).


N O T E: S U P P L E M E N T A R Y I N F O R M A T I O N A S R E Q U I R E D B Y T H E H O N G K O N G
S T O C K E X C H A N G E I N R E L A T I O N T O T H E C O M P A N Y’S A S H A R E A N N U A L R E S U L T S
ANNOUNCEMENT

I.       P A R T I C U L A R S O F T H E R E M U N E R A T I O N O F D I R E C T O R S, S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
         MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                    Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                          Whether
                                                                                                                     remuneration
                                                                                               Total amount of        was received
                                                                                           remuneration before      from connected
                                                                                              tax received from        party of the
         Name             Position                        Gender   Age        Status              the Company            Company


         Dai Hui Zhong    Chairman                        Male     58         Current                642.10Note 1               No


         Jia Shao Qian    Executive Director              Male     51         Current                       0.00                Yes


         Yu Zhi Tao       Executive Director              Male     47         Current                       0.00                Yes


         Hu Jian Yong     Executive Director, President   Male     50         Current                729.49Note 2               No


         Xia Zhang Zhua   Executive Director              Male     45         Current                314.15Note 3               No


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   97
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                               Whether
                                                                                                          remuneration
                                                                                     Total amount of       was received
                                                                                 remuneration before     from connected
                                                                                   tax received from        party of the
       Name               Position                     Gender   Age   Status           the Company            Company


       Gao Yu Ling        Executive Director           Female   42    Current             334.13Note 4               No
                          Chief Financial Officer


       Zhong Geng Shen Independent non-executive       Male     63    Current                  14.00                 No
                              Director


       Cheung Sai Kit     Independent non-executive    Male     52    Current                  24.00                 No
                              Director


       Li Zhi Gang        Independent non-executive    Male     48    Current                  13.68                 No
                              Director


       Liu Zhen Shun      Chairman of Supervisory      Male     54    Current                    0.00               Yes
                              Committee


       Sun Jia Hui        Supervisor                   Female   35    Current                    0.00               Yes


       Yin Zhi Xin        Supervisor                   Male     35    Current             226.02Note 5               No


       Zhang Yu Xin       Secretary to the Board       Female   37    Current                 103.04                 No


       Wong Tak Fong      Company Secretary            Female   58    Current                  18.10                 No


       Lin Lan            Former Executive Director    Male     66    Resigned                   0.00               Yes


       Fei Li Cheng       Former Executive Director    Male     60    Resigned            116.24Note 6               No


       Ma Jin Quan        Former Independent           Male     82    Resigned                   0.32                No
                              non-executive Director


       Total              –                            –        –     –                     2,535.28                  --




98   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


       Notes:

       1.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Dai
                Hui Zhong as the Chairman and President of the Company during the Reporting Period.


       2.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Hu
                Jian Yong as the President of the Company during the Reporting Period.


       3.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Xia
                Zhang Zhua as the general manager of the Company’s home appliance research and development center during the
                Reporting Period.


       4.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Ms. Gao
                Yu Ling as the chief financial officer of the Company during the Reporting Period.


       5.       The Supervisors do not receive remuneration as supervisors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Yin Zhi
                Xin as the vice president of the Company’s subsidiary during the Reporting Period.


       6.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Fei
                Li Cheng as the general manager of the Company’s subsidiary during the Reporting Period.


II.    T H E D E C I S I O N-M A K I N G P R O C E D U R E S A N D B A S I S O F D E T E R M I N A T I O N O F T H E
       REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


       The remuneration of the Directors is determined based on the recommendation made to the Board by the
       remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board on the basis of the duties of the Directors and the
       remuneration level of other listed companies in the same industry, and is subject to consideration and approval
       by the Board and the shareholders at general meetings.


       The remuneration of the supervisors is determined based on the recommendation made by the supervisory
       committee on the basis of the duties of the supervisors and the remuneration level of other listed companies
       in the same industry and is subject to consideration and approval by the Board and the shareholders at general
       meetings.


       The remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board makes remuneration recommendation to the Board
       based on the senior management’s experience, responsibilities, risk and pressure undertaken for operation
       under his/her management and his/her contribution to the Company. The said remuneration recommendation
       is determined and approved by the Board. The final remuneration received by the senior management is also
       linked with his/her annual performance review.


       The Company determines and pays the remuneration of the Directors, supervisors and senior management in
       accordance with the above requirements and procedures.


III.   MATERIAL LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION OF THE COMPANY


       There was no progress in the material litigation and arbitration of the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   99
Report of the Directors


IV.     GUARANTEE ITEMS


                                                                    External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                      Date of
                                      disclosure                              Actual
                                      of the                                  date of
                                      announcement                            occurrence                                                                Counter-
                                      related to the                          (date of         Actual                                                   guarantee                        Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee                     guarantee        guarantee             Type of               Collateral   situation    Guarantee           performance for related
        guarantee object              amount         quota                    agreement)       amount                guarantee             (if any)     (if any)     period              completed parties

        N/A
        Total amount of external guarantees approved                                        0 Total actual amount of external guarantees                                                                       0
          during the Reporting Period (A1)                                                      incurred during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                (A2)
        Total amount of approved external guarantees at                                     0 Total actual external guarantee balance at                                                                       0
          the end of the Reporting Period (A3)                                                  the end of the Reporting Period (A4)

                                                                                                  Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                      Date of
                                      disclosure                              Actual
                                      of the                                  date of
                                      announcement                            occurrence                                                                Counter-                                     Whether to
                                      related to the                          (date of         Actual                                                   guarantee                        Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee                     guarantee        guarantee             Type of               Collateral   situation    Guarantee           performance for related
        guarantee object              amount         quota                    agreement)       amount                guarantee             (if any)     (if any)     period              completed parties

        Kelon Development Limitee                                             15 February  5 billion yen       Joint and several                                     15 February 2022-   Yes          No
                                                                                2022          (equivalent to      liability                                            1 March 2023
                                                                                              RMB0.251 billion) guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                35.3 billion yen     7 September RMB0.165 billion Joint and several                                        7 September 2022-23 Yes          No
                                      8 May 2021            (equivalent to        2022                            liability                                             September 2023
                                                            RMB1.7773 billion)                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     22 December RMB0.3385 billion Joint and several                                       22 December 2022-   Yes          No
                                                                                  2022                            liability                                            3 January 2024
                                                                                                                  guarantee




100   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors



                                                                       Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                         Date of
                         disclosure                   Actual
                         of the                       date of
                         announcement                 occurrence                                                         Counter-                                     Whether to
                         related to the               (date of       Actual                                              guarantee                        Whether the guarantee
    Name of the          guarantee Guarantee          guarantee      guarantee           Type of            Collateral   situation   Guarantee            performance for related
    guarantee object     amount         quota         agreement)     amount              guarantee          (if any)     (if any)    period               completed parties

    SANDEN CORPORATION                                7 February    5 billion yen       Joint and several                            7 February 2023-     No           No
                                                         2023          (equivalent to      liability                                    31 January 2024
                                                                       RMB0.251 billion) guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                10 February 4 billion yen         Joint and several                            10 February 2023-    No           No
                                                        2023           (equivalent to      liability                                   31 January 2024
                                                                       RMB0.201 billion) guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                22 February 1.03 billion yen      Joint and several                            22 February 2023-    No           No
                                                        2023           (equivalent to      liability                                   31 January 2024
                         30 November                                   RMB0.052 billion) guarantee
                                     RMB0.7 billion
    SANDEN CORPORATION     2022                       24 March 2023 3.09 billion yen    Joint and several                            24 March 2023-       No           No
                                                                       (equivalent to      liability                                   31 January 2024
                                                                       RMB0.155 billion) guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                4 April 2023 11.845 billion yen Joint and several                              4 April 2023-        No           No
                                                                       (equivalent to      liability                                   31 January 2024
                                                                       RMB0.595 billion) guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                19 April 2023 0.515 billion yen Joint and several                              19 April 2023-       No           No
                                                                       (equivalent to      liability                                   31 January 2024
                                                                       RMB0.026 billion) guarantee




                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023       101
Report of the Directors



                                                                                Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                  Date of
                                  disclosure                   Actual
                                  of the                       date of
                                  announcement                 occurrence                                                         Counter-                                     Whether to
                                  related to the               (date of       Actual                                              guarantee                        Whether the guarantee
        Name of the               guarantee Guarantee          guarantee      guarantee           Type of            Collateral   situation   Guarantee            performance for related
        guarantee object          amount         quota         agreement)     amount              guarantee          (if any)     (if any)    period               completed parties

        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     4 April 2023 RMB0.145 billion     Joint and several                            4 April 2023-        No           No
                                                                                                    liability                                   5 April 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     18 April 2023 RMB0.102 billion Joint and several                               18 April 2023-       No           No
                                                                                                    liability                                   30 April 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     21 April 2023 RMB0.202 billion Joint and several                               21 April 2023-       No           No
                                                                                                    liability                                   5 May 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     21 July 2023 RMB0.114 billion Joint and several                                21 July 2023-        No           No
                                                                                                    liability                                   5 August 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     22 September RMB0.165 billion Joint and several                                22 September 2023- No             No
                                                                 2023                               liability                                   30 September 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     21 November 2.2 billion yen       Joint and several                            21 November 2023- No              No
                                                                 2023           (equivalent to      liability                                   20 November 2024
                                                                                RMB0.110 billion) guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                     19 December 2.5 billion yen       Joint and several                            19 December 2023-    No           No
                                                                 2023           (equivalent to      liability                                   11 January 2024
                                  30 November                                   RMB0.126 billion) guarantee
                                              RMB0.7 billion
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air     2022                       29 March 2023 RMB0.032 billion Joint and several                               29 March 2023-29     Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                          liability                                   September 2023
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                26 April 2023 RMB0.24 billion Joint and several                                26 April 2023-       Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                          liability                                   26 October 2023
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                29 May 2023 RMB0.119 billion Joint and several                                 29 May 2023-       Yes            No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                          liability                                   29 November 2023
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                28 June 2023 RMB0.16 billion Joint and several                                 28 June 2023-      Yes            No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                          liability                                   28 December 2023
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                28 August 2023 RMB0.120 billion Joint and several                              28 August 2023-      No           No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                          liability                                   28 February 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                26 September RMB0.064 billion Joint and several                                26 September 2023-   No           No
          Conditioning Co.                                       2023                               liability                                   26 March 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                27 November RMB0.062 billion Joint and several                                 27 November 2023-    No           No
          Conditioning Co.                                       2023                               liability                                   27 May 2024
                                                                                                    guarantee




102   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors



                                                                                             Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                  Date of
                                  disclosure                             Actual
                                  of the                                 date of
                                  announcement                           occurrence                                                                   Counter-                                    Whether to
                                  related to the                         (date of         Actual                                                      guarantee                       Whether the guarantee
    Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee                    guarantee        guarantee             Type of             Collateral        situation   Guarantee           performance for related
    guarantee object              amount         quota                   agreement)       amount                guarantee           (if any)          (if any)    period              completed parties

    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                        RMB7.7 billion Total actual amount incurred for                                                                        RMB3.841 billion
      approved during the Reporting Period (B1)                                         guarantees to subsidiaries during the
                                                                                        Reporting Period (B2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                       RMB9.473 billion Total actual guarantee balances to                                                                     RMB2.750 billion
      approved at the end of the Reporting Period                                       subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting
      (B3)                                                                              Period (B4)

                                                                                            Subsidiaries’ guarantees to subsidiaries
                                Date of
                                disclosure                               Actual
                                of the                                   date of
                                announcement                             occurrence                                                                   Counter-                                    Whether to
                                related to the                           (date of         Actual                                                      guarantee                       Whether the guarantee
    Name of the                 guarantee Guarantee                      guarantee        guarantee         Type of             Collateral            situation   Guarantee           performance for related
    guarantee object            amount         amount                    agreement)       amount            guarantee           (if any)              (if any)    period              completed parties
    Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen 30 November RMB12,200,000                30 November      RMB1,297,400      Joint and several                                     30 November 2022-   No          No
      & Bath System Co.            2022                                    2022                                liability                                            20 May 2025
                                                                                                               guarantee
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                                     0 Total actual amount incurred for                                                                          RMB1,297,400
      approved during the Reporting Period (C1)                                        guarantees to subsidiaries during the
                                                                                       Reporting Period (C2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                         RMB12,200,000 Total actual guarantee balances to                                                                                     0
      approved at the end of the Reporting Period                                      subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting
      (C3)                                                                             Period (C4)

                                                                                  Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
    Total amount of guarantee approved during the                         RMB7.7 billion Total actual amount of guarantees                                                                   RMB3.842 billion
      Reporting Period (A1+B1+C1)                                                               incurred during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                (A2+B2+C2)
    Total amount of approved guarantees at the end                      RMB9.485 billion Total actual guarantee balance at the end                                                           RMB2.750 billion
      of the Reporting Period (A3+B3+C3)                                                        of the Reporting Period (A4+B4+C4)
    Total actual guarantees (i.e.A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net assets                                                                                                                20.25%
    Among them:
    Balance of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                         0
    Balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio exceeding 70% (E)                                                             RMB2.750 billion
    Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)
    Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                       RMB2.750 billion
    For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint and several liability                                                                No
      with evidence during the Reporting Period (if any)
    Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                            No




                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       103
Report of the Directors


V.                     PARTICULARS OF ENTRUSTED WEALTH MANAGEMENT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                                 Total subscription                                                                                        Impairment of
                                                                                                                                amount of entrusted                             Amount of                        Amounts              amounts overdue
                                                                Source of funding                                               wealth management                    undue principal                         overdue for                         for recovery
                                                                for entrusted wealth                                             as at 31 December               and return as at 31                recovery as at 31                                as at 31
                 Product Type                                   management                                                                        2023                December 2023                    December 2023                       December 2023


                 Wealth management                              Self-owned funds                                                          1,381,200.00                     1,302,197.30                                 0.00                                  0.00
                       products of banks
                  Total                                                                                                                   1,381,200.00                     1,302,197.30                                 0.00                                  0.00

                 During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have a high-risk entrusted wealth management product
                 which has a significant individual amount, or low security, poor liquidity or no assurance on investment
                 principal, and the Company was not aware of any circumstances indicating the possibility that the principal of
                 the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances that might lead to impairment.


VI.                    FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTMENT


                 1.                 Securities investment


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                    Gains or      Accumulated
                                                                                                                       losses        fair value                                      Profit and
                                                          Initial Accounting                 Opening           on changes              changes       Purchase        Amount             loss for                       Closing
Securities Securities Abbreviation                    investment measurement                     book        in fair value          included in    amount for     sold during     the Reporting         Other             book    Accounting         Fund
species       code           of securities                  cost model                          value       for the period              equity      the period     the period           Period        changes            value    accounts           source


Equity        7267           Honda Motor Co., Ltd.             – Fair value              10,051,181.81                             4,397,863.21    953,188.58                                      -425,912.30    14,976,321.30   Other equity       Own funds
                               (Listed on the Tokyo                 measurement                                                                                                                                                   instruments
                               Stock Exchange)
Equity        8795           T&D Holdings (Listed              – Fair value                     20.94                                                                                                    -0.85           20.09    Other equity       Own funds
                               on the Tokyo Stock                   measurement                                                                                                                                                   instruments
                               Exchange)
Equity        PRU            Prudential (Listed on             – Fair value               1,591,070.61             70,746.20                                                                        40,267.77      1,702,084.58   Trading financial Own funds
                               the New York Stock                   measurement                                                                                                                                                   assets
                               Exchange)
Equity        000980         ZOTYE AUTOMOBILE                       Fair value                                     -13,732.53                       43,857.90                                         1,954.37        32,079.74   Trading financial Own funds
                               (10757)                              measurement                                                                                                                                                   assets
Equity        601777         Lifan Technology                       Fair value                                     -15,206.22                      201,163.06                                         9,126.57      195,083.41    Trading financial Own funds
                               (4452)                               measurement                                                                                                                                                   assets
Other securities investments held                              – –                                                                                                                                                                –                  –
  at the end of the period
Total                                                          – –                       11,642,273.36             41,807.45       4,397,863.21   1,198,209.54                                     -374,564.44    16,905,589.12   –                  –
Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment by the Board                                                                                                                                                                          N/A

Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment during shareholders’ meetings (if any)                                                                                                                                                N/A



104          Annual Report 2023
Report of the Directors


              Note:   All of the Company’s investments in securities during the Reporting Period were in Sanden company.


       2.     Derivatives investment


              The Company had no investments in derivatives for hedging purposes and no investments in derivatives
              for speculative purposes during the Reporting Period.


VII.   DESCRIPTION OF CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION AS COMPARED TO FINANCIAL
       REPORT LAST YEAR


       ✓Applicable    □Not applicable


       Details of the changes in scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in
       Note 7.


VIII. R E A S O N F O R C H A N G E S I N A C C O U N T I N G P O L I C I E S, A C C O U N T I N G E S T I M A T E S A N D
       ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AS COMPARED TO THE FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE PRIOR
       YEAR


       ✓Applicable    □ Not applicable


       On 30 November 2022, the Ministry of Finance issued the Notice on the Publication of No. 16 of the
       Enterprise Accounting Standards Interpretation (Finance and Accounting (2022) No. 31). (《關於印發<企業會
       計準則解釋第16號>的通知（財會〔2022〕31號）》, which stipulated that the accounting treatment of the deferred
       income tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction shall not be subject to the initial
       recognition exemption from 1 January 2023. The Company adjusted the opening balance accordingly.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   105
Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company has faithfully discharged its duties
to protect the lawful interests of the Company, employees and shareholders in compliance with the relevant
requirements of the Company Law of the PRC, the Shenzhen Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
the Articles of Association of the Company. We would like to report to you the work of the Supervisory Committee
during 2023 in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company:


I.      WORK OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

        During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee held a total of 7 meetings, details of which are
        summarised as follows:


        1.       the first meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 28
                 February 2023, at which the granting of restricted shares to the participants under the 2022 Restricted
                 A Share Incentive Scheme was considered and approved.


        2.       the second meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 30
                 March 2023, at which the 2022 annual report of the Company and related matters were considered and
                 approved.


        3.       the third meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 11 April
                 2023, at which the 2023 first quarterly report of the Company was considered and approved.


        4.       the fourth meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 12 May
                 2023, at which the allocation of reserved shares under the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership
                 Plan was considered and approved.


        5.       the fifth meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 8 June
                 2023, at which the repurchase and cancellation of certain Restricted A Shares was considered and
                 approved.


        6.       the sixth meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 28 August
                 2023, at which the 2023 interim report of the Company and related matters, the adjustment of the
                 repurchase price under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme were considered and approved.


        7.       the seventh meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2023 was held on 27
                 October 2023, at which the 2023 third quarterly report of the Company was considered and approved.


II.     INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT
        MATTERS OF THE COMPANY IN 2023

        1.       Operation of the Company in compliance with law. During the Reporting Period, the Company
                 continued to perfect its various management systems, and the Company’s decision-making processes
                 were in compliance with law. The convening procedures, the motions and the voting procedures of
                 the Company’s shareholders’ general meetings and Board meetings all complied with the laws and
                 regulations and the requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company. The Directors and
                 senior management were diligent and responsible, and conscientiously implemented the resolutions of
                 the shareholders’ general meetings and Board meetings, and have not acted in violation of the laws,
                 regulations or the Articles of Association of the Company or prejudiced the Company’s interests during
                 the execution of their duties in the Company.


106   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Supervisory Committee


    2.   Examination of the Company’s financial situation. ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP has
         audited the Company’s financial statements for the year 2023 and issued an auditor’s report with
         standard unqualified opinion. The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the opinion expressed
         in the auditor’s report was fair and objective and the current financial statements have truthfully and
         fairly reflected the financial condition and operating results of the Company.


    3.   During the Reporting Period, the Company had not made any investments which were funded by capital
         raising activities.


    4.   During the Reporting Period, the Company had not made any significant disposal of assets.


    5.   During the Reporting Period, the connected transactions which the Company entered into with
         connected parties were fair and reasonable and the prices were fairly determined without prejudicing
         the interests of any independent shareholders and the Company.


    6.   Opinion of the Company’s 2023 internal control assessment Report.


         After reviewing the Company’s 2023 Internal Control Assessment Report, the Company’s Supervisory
         Committee is of the view that: with reference to the relevant requirements of the Basic Norms for
         Enterprise Internal Control and the Guidelines of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the Standardised
         Operation of Listed Companies, the Company’s existing internal control and risk management
         systems are basically sound and cover all levels and segments of the Company’s operation, are in
         compliance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations, and suit the actual needs of the
         Company’s operating activities. Each of the internal control and risk management systems is able to
         exert relatively effective control of the different segments in the Company’s operation, and is capable
         of preventing, timely discovering and rectifying possible errors in the Company’s operation process,
         controlling the relevant risks, protecting the safety and completeness of the Company’s assets, ensuring
         the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of the accounting records and accounting information. The
         Company’s 2023 Internal Control Assessment Report has fully, objectively and truly reflected the
         actual internal control and risk management situation of the Company, and we agree to the issue of the
         2023 Internal Control Assessment Report by the Board.


    7.   Opinion of the Company’s 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme.


         After reviewing, the Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


         (1)    The Participants of the Incentive Scheme have the qualifications required by the Company
                Law, the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies, the Articles of
                Association of the Company and other laws, regulations and regulatory documents, and meet the
                requirements of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) of the Company and its
                summary.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   107
Report of the Supervisory Committee


                 (2)       None of the circumstances in which a Participant of the Incentive Scheme becomes unqualified
                           to be a Participant as stipulated under Article 8 of the Administrative Measures on Share
                           Incentives of Listed Companies has occurred to a Participant.


                 (3)       The Participants of the Incentive Scheme are the mid-level management and key staff who serve
                           the Company (including its subsidiaries, the same applies below) at the time of announcement
                           of the Incentive Scheme made by the Company.


                 (4)       The Participants of the Incentive Scheme meet the requirements of the Administrative Measures
                           on Share Incentives of Listed Companies and other documents and meet the requirements of the
                           Incentive Scheme. The Participants under the Incentive Scheme do not include the independent
                           directors, supervisors of the Company, shareholders individually or in aggregate holding more
                           than 5% of the shares of the Company or the de facto controllers and their spouses, parents or
                           children.


                 (5)       The Participants of the Incentive Scheme are consistent with the Participants under the 2022
                           Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. which
                           was approved by the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class
                           meeting and the 2023 first H Share class meeting.


                 (6)       On 8 June 2023, the consideration of the repurchase and cancellation of certain Restricted
                           A Shares of the Company was in compliance with the provisions and requirements of the
                           Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies and the 2022 Restricted A
                           Share Incentive Scheme of the Company. The Supervisory Committee verified the number of
                           the repurchase and cancellation of certain Restricted A Shares, and the list of the Participants.
                           The procedures performed by the Board in relation to the repurchase and cancellation are in
                           compliance with the relevant regulations. The Supervisory Committee approved the repurchase
                           and cancellation of certain Restricted A Shares.


                 (7)       On 28 August 2023, the consideration of the adjustment of the repurchase price under the 2022
                           Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme was in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations
                           such as the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies and the 2022
                           Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme of the Company, and was not detrimental to the interests
                           of the Company and shareholders. The Supervisory Committee approved the adjustment of the
                           repurchase price


        8.       Opinion of the Company’s the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


                 (1)       The participants of the allocation of reserved shares under the 2022 A Share Employee Stock
                           Ownership Plan meet the relevant provisions of the laws and regulations, departmental rules
                           and regulations and regulatory documents, and meet the scope of the provisions of the 2022 A
                           Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan, and the Administrative Measures for the 2022 A Share
                           Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. The eligibility of the Participants as reserved
                           shares holders under the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan is legal and valid.




108   Annual Report 2023
Report of the Supervisory Committee


        (2)   The decision-making procedures in respect of the allocation of reserved shares under the
              A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company are lawful and effective, and the
              connected Directors have abstained from voting. There are no circumstances that are detrimental
              to the interests of the Company and shareholders. The allocation of the reserved shares was
              participated by the employees in accordance with principles of legal compliance, voluntary
              participation and voluntary risk assumption, and there are no circumstances that the Company
              forced employees to participate in the allocation of reserved shares under the Employee Share
              Ownership Plan by means such as apportionment and mandatory distribution. There are no
              circumstances that the Company provided financial assistance such as advances, guarantees and
              loans or other financial assistance to the Participants of the reserved shares under the Employee
              Share Ownership Plan.


        (3)   The implementation of the allocation of reserved shares under the 2022 A Share Employee
              Stock Ownership Plan of the Company is conducive to establish and improve the mechanism for
              sharing benefits between employees and holders, making the employees’ interests more closely
              aligned with the long-term development of the Company. And it is conducive to meet the needs
              of the Company’s sustainable development, attract and retain outstanding talents continuously,
              and enhance the cohesion and competitiveness of the employees.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   109
Auditor’s Report


                                 信永中和會計師事務所                        北京市東城區朝陽門北大街                       聯繫電話：        +86(010)6554 2288

                                                                   8號富華大廈A座9層
                                                                                                      telephone:   +86(010)6554 2288



                                                                   9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion,
                                 ShineWing                         No. 8, Chaoyangmen Beidajie,
                                                                   Dongcheng District, Beijing,       傳真：          +86(010)6554 7190
                                                                   100027, P. R. China                facsimile:   +86(010)6554 7190



                                                                                                   XYZH/2024QDAA4B0024

To the shareholders of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.,



I.      AUDIT OPINION

        We have audited the financial statements of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company” or
        “Hisense Appliances”), which comprise the consolidated and the Parent Company’s balance sheets as at 31
        December 2023, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s income statements, the consolidated and the
        Parent Company’s cash flow statements, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s statements of changes in
        equity for 2023 and the notes to the financial statements.

        In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Hisense Appliances present fairly, in all material
        aspects, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the
        consolidated and the Parent Company’s results of operations and cash flows for the year 2023 of Hisense
        Appliances in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

II.     BASIS OF AUDIT OPINION

        We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those
        standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements”
        section of our report. We are independent of Hisense Appliances in accordance with the International Ethics
        Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Chinese Certified Public Accountants, and we have
        fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
        have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.




110   Annual Report 2023
Auditor’s Report


III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS

       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
       of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
       the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
       opinion on these matters.

       1.       Provision for declines in value of finished goods
                             Key audit matters                                                       Audit response
       A s s t a t e d i n n o t e I I I. 12. “I n v e n t o r i e s” o f t h e   (1)   Evaluated and tested key internal controls
       financial statement, the finished goods of Hisense                               relating to the provision for declines in value of
       Appliances are measured at the lower of cost                                     finished goods;
       and net realizable value. As stated in note V. 9.
       “Inventories”, as at 31 December 2023, the balance                         (2)   Carried out stock counting procedures for the
       of finished goods was RMB4,863,238,690.81; the                                   finished goods of Hisense Appliances, checked
       provision for declines in value of finished goods                                the quantity and condition of finished goods;
       was RMB55,315,902.93; and the carrying amount
       o f f i n i s h e d g o o d s w a s R M B4,807,922,787.88.                 (3)   Obtained the calculation table of provision for
       The sufficiency of provision for declines in value                               declines in value of finished goods of Hisense
       of finished goods has a material impact on the                                   Appliances, selected certain product models on
       financial statements.                                                            a sampling basis and compared their records
                                                                                        and ageing in the table against the results of our
       Hisense Appliances determines the net realizable                                 stock counting;
       v a l u e o f fin is h e d g o o d s b a s e d o n th e e s tima te d
       selling price of finished goods less the estimated                         (4)   By comparing historical selling prices of similar
       sales expenses and related taxes.                                                products and reviewing the trend in future
                                                                                        selling prices of products based on seasonal
       The management estimates the expected selling                                    and cyclical characteristics, we assessed the
       price of finished goods based on their conditions,                               selling prices estima ted by the managem ent
       and the management is required to make significant                               and checked the same against the actual selling
       judgments in the estimation process.                                             prices subsequent to the balance sheet date;

       In view of the large amount involved in the matter                         (5)   By comparing historical selling expenses and
       and the need for management to make significant                                  relevant taxation and fees of similar products,
       judgments, we treat the provision for declines in                                we assessed the selling expenses and relevant
       value of finished goods as a key audit matter.                                   taxation and fees estimated by the management
                                                                                        and checked the same against the actual amount
                                                                                        incurred subsequent to the balance sheet date;

                                                                                  (6)   Selected certain finished goods and re-calculated
                                                                                        their recoverable amount and the balance of
                                                                                        provision for declines in value of finished goods
                                                                                        as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   111
Auditor’s Report


        2.        Sales to and receivables from related
                  party
                                Key audit matters                                                                 Audit response
        As described in “XII. 3. to the Financial Statements                            (1)   assessed and tested the effectiveness of
        R e l a t e d P a r t y T r a n s a c t i o n s, 4. R e c e i v a b l e s             management’s design and operation of internal
        f r o m a n d p a y a b l e s t o r e l a t e d p a r t i e s”, H i s e n s e         controls relating to related party transactions
        Appliances has a relatively large amount of sales                                     and receivables from related party;
        t o r e l a t e d p a r t i e s, a n d a s o f 31 D e c e m b e r 2023,
        it had account receivables from related party of                                (2)   obtained a list of related parties compiled by the
        RMB5,682,941,225.24. In view of the large amount                                      management and checked it with information
        of related party transactions and receivables                                         obtained from other public sources;
        from related party, whether it actually occurred
        or existed has a material impact on financial                                   (3)   Obtained the details of related transactions
        s t a t e m e n t s, t h e r e f o r e, w e t a k e r e l a t e d p a r t y           and receivables from related parties prepared
        transactions and receivables from related party as                                    by the management to understand the business
        the key audit matters.                                                                reasons for the related transactions and verify
                                                                                              the fairness of the related transactions;

                                                                                        (4)   Inspected relevant information such as contracts
                                                                                              or agreements, invoices, declarations and other
                                                                                              r e l a t e d i n f o r m a t i o n o f r e l a t e d t r a n s a c t i o n s,
                                                                                              and performed correspondence verification
                                                                                              procedures for significant related transactions
                                                                                              and accounts receivable from related parties;

                                                                                        (5)   Checked repayment of receivable after the
                                                                                              period;

                                                                                        (6)   Obtained an understanding of the authorization
                                                                                              and approval process of related transactions and
                                                                                              reviewed the presentation and disclosure of the
                                                                                              related contents in the financial statements.


IV.     OTHER INFORMATION

        The management of Hisense Appliances (the “management”) is responsible for the other information. The
        other information comprises the information included in the 2023 annual report of Hisense Appliances, but
        does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

        Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
        of assurance conclusion thereon.

        In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
        our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




112   Annual Report 2023
Auditor’s Report


V.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
      FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The management is responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with Accounting
      Standards for Business Enterprises, to guarantee the fairness of financial statements, and designing,
      implementing and maintaining the necessary internal control to avoid the material misstatement of financial
      statements which is due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing Hisense Appliances’s
      sustainable business capacity, disclosing matters (if applicable) in relation to the going concern, and using the
      going concern assumption unless the management either intend to liquidate Hisense Appliances or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing Hisense Appliances’s financial reporting
      process.

VI.   AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
      opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
      in accordance with China Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
      financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgment and
      maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      (1)    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
             is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
             misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
             collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      (2)    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
             that are appropriate in the circumstances.

      (3)    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the management.

      (4)    Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
             or conditions that may cast significant doubt on Hisense Appliances’s ability to continue as a going
             concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
             auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
             date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Hisense Appliances to
             cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   113
Auditor’s Report


        (5)      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
                 disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
                 manner that achieves fair presentation.

        (6)      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                 business activities within Hisense Appliances to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
                 statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
                 remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

        We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
        timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
        we identify during our audit.

        We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
        may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

        From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
        of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
        audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
        be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
        outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants             Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Xu Zhi Yang
                                                           (engagement partner)

                                                           Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Liu Qing

        Beijing, PRC                                       29 March 2024




114   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

       Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.                                             Unit: RMB

                                                31 December 2023

                                                                                     As at                 As at
       Item                                                        Note   31 December 2023        1 January 2023

       Current assets:
        Cash at bank and on hand                                   V.1     4,939,273,198.62     6,001,295,427.37
        Including: Deposits with Hisense Finance                           1,947,864,398.82     4,620,904,868.10
        Balances with clearing companies
        Lending capital
        Transactional financial assets                             V.2    13,192,025,535.87     6,758,233,998.86
        Derivative financial assets
        Notes receivable                                           V.3       741,622,573.50       144,188,330.26
        Accounts receivable                                        V.4     9,225,321,882.07     7,665,702,299.91
        Factoring of accounts receivables                          V.6     4,643,427,583.77     5,072,959,470.76
        Prepayments                                                V.8       389,066,274.16       262,443,975.56
        Insurance premium receivable
        Receivables from reinsurers
        Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
        Other receivables                                          V.7       145,804,125.45        475,034,340.60
              Including: Interest receivable
                          Dividends receivable                                    89,630.21        152,634,355.75
        Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
        Inventories                                                V.9     6,774,603,438.00     6,552,835,435.54
        Contract assets                                            V.5        35,878,308.82         6,918,368.07
        Assets held for sale
        Non-current assets due within one year                     V.10    3,641,708,361.11     1,986,840,000.00
        Other current assets                                       V.11    1,411,188,199.90     1,702,738,189.99

       Total current assets                                               45,139,919,481.27    36,629,189,836.92

       Non-current assets:
        Disbursement of loans and advances
        Investments in debt
        Other investments in debt
        Long-term receivables
        Long-term equity investments                               V.12    1,671,365,117.46     1,518,340,556.73
        Other equity investment                                    V.13       40,244,766.96        36,399,028.71
        Other non-current financial assets                         V.14       27,197,809.69        25,748,931.39
        Investment properties                                      V.15      177,982,723.30       208,716,406.19
        Fixed assets                                               V.16    5,662,912,502.03     5,318,274,820.56
        Construction in progress                                   V.17      443,523,694.21       525,171,610.80
        Productive biological assets
        Oil and gas assets
        Right-of-use assets                                        V.18      169,378,820.87       181,192,061.73
        Intangible assets                                          V.19    1,341,855,927.15     1,459,616,347.69
        Development costs
        Goodwill                                                   V.20      226,408,877.76       226,408,877.76
        Long-term prepaid expenses                                 V.21       40,734,232.78        41,623,003.89
        Deferred tax assets                                        V.22    1,125,596,510.74       984,485,078.70
        Other non-current assets                                   V.23    9,879,375,091.45     8,220,701,882.26

       Total non-current assets                                           20,806,576,074.40    18,746,678,606.41

       Total assets                                                       65,946,495,555.67    55,375,868,443.33


                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   115
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                As at               As at
        Item                                                  Note   31 December 2023      1 January 2023

        Current liabilities:
         Short-term borrowings                                V.25    2,502,318,314.58    1,462,253,713.24
         Borrowings from central bank
         Loans from other banks
         Transactional financial liabilities                  V.26       54,355,584.93        1,745,488.01
         Derivative financial liabilities
         Notes payable                                        V.27   14,608,429,378.74   11,322,271,209.54
         Accounts payable                                     V.28   12,049,877,232.20    9,717,666,826.44
         Advances from customers                              V.29        3,833,256.75
         Contract liability                                   V.30    1,440,254,499.57    1,145,145,334.78
         Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
           agreements to repurchase
         Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
         Customer brokerage deposits
         Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
         Employee remunerations payable                       V.31    1,373,816,151.59    1,002,267,354.81
         Taxes payable                                        V.32      774,372,089.67      705,821,864.03
         Other payables                                       V.33    4,670,674,014.20    5,219,154,864.04
                Including: Interest payable
                            Dividends payable                            70,574,497.68       67,374,222.13
         Handling fees and commission payable
         Reinsured accounts payable
         Liabilities held for sale
         Non-current liabilities due within one year          V.34      121,677,937.29      145,170,159.23
         Other current liabilities                            V.35    6,442,483,786.34    5,643,445,390.50

        Total current liabilities                                    44,042,092,245.86   36,364,942,204.62




116   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                     As at                 As at
       Item                                                        Note   31 December 2023        1 January 2023

       Non-current liabilities:
        Reserves for reinsurance contract
        Long-term borrowings                                       V.36       42,956,652.46         19,808,239.84
        Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                   Perpetual debts
        Lease liabilities                                          V.37      208,946,083.77        277,195,821.24
        Long-term payables
        Long-term employee remunerations payable                   V.38      105,961,766.83       116,092,710.65
        Provisions                                                 V.39    1,229,967,589.74     1,313,738,416.00
        Deferred income                                            V.40      149,189,343.53       145,835,582.02
        Deferred tax liabilities                                   V.22      158,435,374.83       168,179,961.94
        Other non-current liabilities                              V.41      612,887,372.01       690,992,901.11

       Total non-current liabilities                                       2,508,344,183.17     2,731,843,632.80

       Total liabilities                                                  46,550,436,429.03    39,096,785,837.42

       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                             V.42    1,387,935,370.00     1,362,725,370.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                           V.43    2,115,407,718.05     2,074,168,605.49
         Less: treasury shares                                     V.44      236,626,482.61
         Other comprehensive income                                V.45      226,997,819.74        121,267,445.50
         Special reserves                                          V.46        6,319,636.53
         Surplus reserves                                          V.47      724,682,309.99        711,971,309.99
         General risk provisions
         Undistributed profit                                      V.48    9,355,458,114.25     7,248,240,711.27
         Total equity attributable to shareholders of the parent          13,580,174,485.95    11,518,373,442.25
         Minority interests                                                5,815,884,640.69     4,760,709,163.66

       Total shareholders’ equity                                         19,396,059,126.64    16,279,082,605.91

       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         65,946,495,555.67    55,375,868,443.33



Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling Accounting supervisor: Li Jia




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   117
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


2.      BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                                                  As at               As at
        Item                                                   Note    31 December 2023      1 January 2023

        Current assets:
         Cash at bank and on hand                                          78,796,769.09       84,309,922.91
         Including: Deposits with Hisense Finance                          72,835,723.90       84,209,377.46
         Transactional financial assets                                 1,326,115,505.29    1,818,751,571.58
         Derivative financial assets
         Notes receivable                                                     749,731.29
         Accounts receivable                                  XVII.1      618,381,907.19      206,829,884.72
         Factoring of accounts receivables                                 26,311,535.56        2,910,556.42
         Prepayment                                                        21,670,721.68       54,781,395.72
         Other receivables                                    XVII.2    1,255,850,852.04    1,427,048,731.01
               Including: Interest receivable
                           Dividends receivable                            68,351,678.85      83,026,795.53
         Inventories                                                        4,042,505.04       8,753,015.70
         Contract assets
         Assets held for sale
         Non-current assets due within one year
         Other current assets                                              97,352,470.53      57,354,135.76

        Total current assets                                            3,429,271,997.71    3,660,739,213.82

        Non-current assets:
         Investments in debt
         Other investments in debt
         Long-term receivables                                          1,182,103,450.53      646,890,129.38
         Long-term equity investments                         XVII.3    5,935,343,771.41    5,648,789,481.52
         Other equity investment
         Other non-current financial assets
         Investment properties                                              2,091,120.00       2,091,121.00
         Fixed assets                                                      32,456,914.98      20,836,556.99
         Construction in progress                                             295,088.50       8,987,930.20
         Productive biological assets
         Oil and gas assets
         Right-of-use assets
         Intangible assets                                                160,458,676.30     165,929,570.43
         Development costs
         Goodwill
         Long-term prepaid expenses                                          164,213.60
         Deferred tax assets
         Other non-current assets                                           2,453,747.08         674,145.00

        Total non-current assets                                        7,315,366,982.40    6,494,198,934.52

        Total assets                                                   10,744,638,980.11   10,154,938,148.34




118   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                As at                 As at
       Item                                                   Note   31 December 2023        1 January 2023

       Current liabilities:
        Short-term borrowings
        Transactional financial liabilities
        Derivative financial liabilities
        Notes payable                                                    36,610,973.32          5,218,317.57
        Accounts payable                                                 42,353,376.00         31,907,576.55
        Advances from customers
        Contract liability                                                3,175,690.52          4,212,914.05
        Employee remunerations payable                                   41,599,867.10          9,139,554.77
        Taxes payable                                                     2,592,997.56         13,209,586.75
        Other payables                                                  800,818,012.63        531,234,884.31
              Including: Interest payable
                           Dividends payable
        Liabilities held for sale
        Non-current liabilities due within one year
        Other current liabilities                                        93,285,809.09         51,599,130.92

       Total Current Liabilities                                      1,020,436,726.22        646,521,964.92

       Non-current Liabilities:
        Long-term borrowings
        Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                   Perpetual debts
        Lease liabilities
        Long-term payables
        Long-term employee remunerations payable
        Provisions                                                      209,867,477.18        178,721,488.20
        Deferred income                                                  23,941,659.62         24,300,098.28
        Deferred tax liabilities
        Other non-current liabilities

       Total non-current liabilities                                    233,809,136.80        203,021,586.48

       Total liabilities                                              1,254,245,863.02        849,543,551.40

       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                                1,387,935,370.00     1,362,725,370.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                              2,352,730,955.68     2,276,770,725.22
         Less: Treasury shares                                          236,626,482.61
         Other comprehensive income                                       1,507,133.78          -1,699,624.23
         Special reserves
         Surplus reserves                                               694,073,685.00       681,362,685.00
         Undistributed profit                                         5,290,772,455.24     4,986,235,440.95

       Total shareholders’ equity                                     9,490,393,117.09     9,305,394,596.94

       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                    10,744,638,980.11    10,154,938,148.34




                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   119
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                  Note               2023                2022

        I.     Total operating revenue                                               85,600,189,224.06   74,115,151,039.29
               Including: Operating revenue                                   V.49   85,600,189,224.06   74,115,151,039.29
                          Interest income
                          Insurance premium earned
                          Income from handling fees and commission

        II.    Total operating costs                                                 81,457,336,033.74   71,261,426,810.30
               Including: Operating costs                                     V.49   66,696,116,231.21   58,783,119,200.03
                          Interest expenses
                          Handling fees and commission expenses
                          Refunded premiums
                          Net amount of compensation payout
                          Net amount of insurance contract reserves
                          provided
                          Policyholder dividend expenses
                          Reinsurance premium expenses
                          Taxes and surcharges                                V.50      579,207,000.98      479,236,001.09
                          Sales expenses                                      V.51    9,311,027,187.99    8,070,720,273.85
                          Management expenses                                 V.52    2,296,063,851.05    1,821,201,420.18
                          Research and development expenses                   V.53    2,779,508,194.39    2,289,313,746.54
                          Financial expenses                                  V.54     -204,586,431.88     -182,163,831.39
                          Including: Interest expense                                   144,388,196.47       88,136,778.11
                                      Interest income                                    56,918,785.34       79,204,113.83
               Add: Other income                                              V.55      598,955,858.57      402,784,997.75
                     Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                V.56      719,432,575.42      512,712,041.01
                     Including: Share of profit of associates and
                                   joint ventures                                      343,907,407.14      253,464,775.11
                                Income from derecognition of financial
                                   assets at amortised cost                              -1,048,232.87       -8,626,472.16
                     Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed with “-”)
                     Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                     Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with
                     “-”)                                                     V.57       14,926,269.81       22,522,221.59
                     Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)    V.58      -43,203,421.13     -150,871,087.49
                     Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)    V.59     -190,783,091.93     -275,152,336.56
                     Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)     V.60        5,835,013.43        1,384,257.12

        III. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                              5,248,016,394.49    3,367,104,322.41
             Add: Non-operating incomes                                       V.61      498,281,308.38      531,249,812.33
             Less: Non-operating expenses                                     V.62       61,740,282.05       74,544,406.53

        IV. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                              5,684,557,420.82    3,823,809,728.21
            Less: Income tax expenses                                         V.63      893,067,496.90      754,400,667.51

        V.     Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                              4,791,489,923.92    3,069,409,060.70
               (1) Classified on a going concern basis
                   1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
                      expressed with “-”)                                             4,791,489,923.92    3,069,409,060.70
                   2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                      expressed with “-”)
               (2) Classified by ownership of equity
                   1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent           2,837,322,754.58    1,434,968,215.84
                   2. Profit and loss of minority interests                           1,954,167,169.34    1,634,440,844.86




120   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                               Note              2023                         2022

       VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                              107,901,029.90            20,116,688.31
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
           owners of the parent, net                                              105,730,374.24            27,697,446.93
           (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss                    -3,821,920.55
              1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                 benefit plan                                                       -6,252,650.20
              2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                 transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
              3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                 investment                                                          2,430,729.65
              4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                 risk
              5. Others
           (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                       109,552,294.79            27,697,446.93
              1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                 gains and losses under the equity method                            3,579,459.96            -9,868,592.45
              2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
              3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                 comprehensive income
              4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                 investment
              5. Cash flow hedge reserve
              6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
                 financial statements                                             105,972,834.83            21,841,340.30
              7. Others                                                                                     15,724,699.08
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
           minority interests, net                                                   2,170,655.66            -7,580,758.62

       VII. Total comprehensive income                                           4,899,390,953.82        3,089,525,749.01
            Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of
            the parent                                                           2,943,053,128.82        1,462,665,662.77
            Total comprehensive income attributable to minority
            interests                                                            1,956,337,825.00        1,626,860,086.24

       VIII. Earnings per share:
             (1) Basic earnings per share                                                    2.08                        1.05
             (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                  2.08                        1.05



Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling Accounting supervisor: Li Jia




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   121
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                   Note                2023               2022

        I.     Total operating revenue                                         XVII.4   5,743,034,442.57   4,566,323,538.63
               Less: Operating costs                                           XVII.4   5,143,737,953.99   4,449,171,331.84
                     Taxes and surcharges                                                   8,629,217.39       8,604,565.88
                     Sales expenses                                                       321,477,331.45      33,287,521.30
                     Management expenses                                                  146,632,178.94      50,876,273.86
                     Research and development expenses                                    157,519,925.93      88,312,323.82
                     Financial expenses                                                   -52,151,596.98     -15,865,368.94
                     Including: Interest expense
                                Interest income                                            51,740,903.61      15,584,374.82
               Add: Other income                                                            6,542,533.50       7,767,149.37
                     Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                 XVII.5   1,020,279,707.63   2,076,760,486.31
                     Including: Share of profit of associates and
                                  joint ventures                                         123,053,319.33      76,185,459.11
                                Income from derecognition of financial
                                  assets at amortised cost (loss expressed
                                  with “-”)
                     Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                     Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed
                       with “-”)                                                            5,024,236.99       6,957,814.12
                     Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)                 -2,274,833.76             -57.30
                     Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)
                     Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                   2,641,007.36       -649,996.97

        II.    Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                              1,049,402,083.57   2,042,772,286.40
               Add: Non-operating incomes                                                   3,477,602.20       2,672,320.88
               Less: Non-operating expenses                                                 2,270,585.36      -4,107,301.86

        III. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                               1,050,609,100.41   2,049,551,909.14
             Less: Income tax expenses                                                     15,966,734.52      13,232,122.33

        IV. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                   1,034,642,365.89   2,036,319,786.81
            (1) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
                expressed with “-”)                                                     1,034,642,365.89   2,036,319,786.81
            (2) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                expressed with “-”)

        V.     Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                    3,206,758.01      -9,868,592.45
               (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss
                   1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                      benefit plan
                   2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                      transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                   3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                      investment
                   4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own
                      credit risk
                   5. Others
               (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                             3,206,758.01      -9,868,592.45
                   1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                      gains and losses under the equity method                              3,206,758.01      -9,868,592.45
                   2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                   3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                      comprehensive income
                   4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                      investment
                   5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                   6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
                      financial statements
                   7. Others

        VI. Total comprehensive income                                                  1,037,849,123.90   2,026,451,194.36

        VII. Earnings per share:
             (1) Basic earnings per share
             (2) Diluted earnings per share



122   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

       Item                                                         Note               2023                         2022

       I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
           Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
             services                                                      72,865,336,513.72    62,823,645,913.67
           Net increase in customer deposits and interbank
             deposits
           Net increase in borrowings from central bank
           Net increase in placements from other financial
             institutions
           Cash received from original insurance contracts
           Net cash received from reinsurance business
           Net increase in deposits and investments from
             policyholders
           Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
           Net increase in placements from banks and other
             financial institutions
           Net increase in repurchase business capital
           Net income from trading securities as broker
           Tax rebates received                                             2,980,874,916.21     2,840,857,200.86
           Cash received relating to other operating activities     V.65      969,432,311.07     1,109,238,380.91
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                  76,815,643,741.00    66,773,741,495.44
           Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt
             of services                                                   44,352,349,811.68    43,339,657,470.36
           Net increase in loans and advances to customers
           Net increase in deposits with central bank and other
             banks
           Cash paid for compensation under original insurance
             contract
           Net increase in placements from banks and other
             financial institutions
           Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
           Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
           Cash paid to and for employees                                   8,470,053,926.86     7,609,951,472.32
           Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                               3,850,636,539.31     3,497,879,527.00
           Cash paid relating to other operating activities         V.65    9,530,745,871.80     8,293,870,423.38
       Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                 66,203,786,149.65    62,741,358,893.06
       Net cash flows from operating activities                            10,611,857,591.35     4,032,382,602.38

       II.  Cash flows from investing activities:
            Cash received from recovery of investments                                                1,433,047.36
            Cash received from investment income                             647,703,705.24         369,724,329.33
            Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets,
              intangible assets and other long-term assets                    12,399,066.62          94,264,844.17
            Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and
              other operation units                                                                 56,397,893.44
            Cash received relating to other investing activities    V.65   20,246,695,732.29    21,961,943,503.77
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                  20,906,798,504.15    22,483,763,618.07
            Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
              assets and other long-term assets                              985,119,113.16         883,484,663.15
            Cash paid for investments                                        159,150,000.00
            Net increase in pledged loans
            Cash paid for acquiring subsidiaries and other
              operation units
            Cash paid relating to other investing activities        V.65   29,319,972,967.96    24,197,924,915.84
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                 30,464,242,081.12    25,081,409,578.99
       Net cash flows from investing activities                            -9,557,443,576.97    -2,597,645,960.92


                                                                                               Annual Report 2023    123
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                        Note              2023                2022

        III. Cash flows from financing activities:
             Cash received from capital contribution                        228,142,805.62
             Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from
               minority shareholders’ investment                              59,340,725.62
             Cash received from borrowings                                 2,705,953,052.26   1,477,880,104.85
             Cash received relating to other financing activities   V.65   1,624,669,033.53   1,870,814,936.91
        Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                 4,558,764,891.41   3,348,695,041.76
             Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                         1,607,840,828.46   2,849,975,160.00
             Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or
               payment of interest expenses                                1,913,395,751.24   1,774,385,315.87
             Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority
               shareholders by subsidiaries                                1,099,839,572.98    1,409,731,660.84
             Cash paid relating to other financing activities       V.65   1,658,667,022.92      502,966,072.75
        Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                5,179,903,602.62    5,127,326,548.62
        Net cash flows from financing activities                            -621,138,711.21   -1,778,631,506.86

        IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash
            and cash equivalents                                             -34,480,978.03     -56,935,853.88

        V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                    398,794,325.14     -400,830,719.28
               Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
                    beginning of the period                                2,478,346,075.40   2,879,176,794.68

        VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of
            the period                                                     2,877,140,400.54   2,478,346,075.40




124   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


6.     CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                Note              2023                         2022

       I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
            Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services           1,197,739,510.98         22,545,277.59
            Tax rebates received                                                        260,000.00         15,469,921.16
            Cash received relating to other operating activities                    206,860,819.88        206,730,356.16
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                         1,404,860,330.86        244,745,554.91
            Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of
              labor services                                                        557,455,615.24         20,876,561.99
            Cash paid to and for employees                                          277,737,144.41        107,652,074.41
            Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                       37,411,493.59         16,344,508.90
            Cash paid relating to other operating activities                        748,451,940.71        197,377,874.27
       Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                         1,621,056,193.95        342,251,019.57
       Net cash flows from operating activities                                    -216,195,863.09        -97,505,464.66

       II.  Cash flow from investing activities:
            Cash received from recovery of investments
            Cash received from investment income                                  1,078,375,158.59     1,277,839,257.40
            Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
              assets and other long-term assets                                       6,041,886.71                3,850.00
            Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
              operation units
            Cash received relating to other investing activities                  3,107,437,816.68     2,619,152,994.95
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                         4,191,854,861.98     3,896,996,102.35
            Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets
              and other long-term assets                                            17,991,407.29          15,564,732.91
            Cash paid for investments                                              199,150,000.00          34,053,075.00
            Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
              operation units
            Cash paid relating to other investing activities                      3,079,091,268.27     3,439,793,757.41
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                        3,296,232,675.56     3,489,411,565.32
       Net cash flows from investing activities                                     895,622,186.42       407,584,537.03

       III. Cash flows from financing activities:
            Cash received from capital contribution                                168,802,080.00
            Cash received from borrowings
            Cash received relating to other financing activities                    77,368,590.43
       Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                          246,170,670.43
            Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
            Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment
              of interest expenses                                                 717,394,351.60         291,623,229.18
            Cash paid relating to other financing activities                       214,206,611.75
       Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                         931,600,963.35         291,623,229.18
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                   -685,430,292.92        -291,623,229.18

       IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and
           cash equivalents                                                            490,815.77

       V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                              -5,513,153.82         18,455,843.19
              Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning
                   of the period                                                    84,309,922.91          65,854,079.72

       VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
           period                                                                   78,796,769.09          84,309,922.91




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023    125
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


7.      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

        Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                                                                               Attributable to the owners of the parent
                            Item                                                                                                                                       Other
                                                                                         Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                          General risk Undistributed                                        Minority           Total
                                                           Share capital Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves     provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal         interests owners’ equity


        I. Closing balance of previous year             1,362,725,370.00                                                    2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,124,550.56            11,518,257,281.54 4,760,507,749.70 16,278,765,031.24
           Add: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                                       116,160.71                   116,160.71 201,413.96 317,574.67
                Correction for error in previous period
                Business combination involving entities
                  under common control
                Others


        II. Opening balance for the year                  1,362,725,370.00                                                  2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,240,711.27            11,518,373,442.25 4,760,709,163.66 16,279,082,605.91


        III. Movements in the current period
             (Decreases expressed with “–”)                  25,210,000.00                                                     41,239,112.56 236,626,482.61 105,730,374.24        6,319,636.53 12,711,000.00                   2,107,217,402.98            2,061,801,043.70 1,055,175,477.03 3,116,976,520.73
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                 105,730,374.24                                                     2,837,322,754.58            2,943,053,128.82 1,956,337,825.00 4,899,390,953.82
             (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                 reductions                                  25,210,000.00                                                    174,425,236.57 236,626,482.61                                                                                                  -36,991,246.04 95,452,420.55 58,461,174.51
                1. Ordinary shares contributed by
                   shareholders                              25,210,000.00                                                    142,284,040.00                                                                                                                 167,494,040.00 59,340,725.62 226,834,765.62
                2. Capital contributions by holders of
                   other equity instruments
                3. Amount of share-based payment
                   included in shareholders’ equity                                                                           156,045,669.25                                                                                                                 156,045,669.25 35,789,603.15 191,835,272.40
                4. Others                                                                                                    -123,904,472.68 236,626,482.61                                                                                                 -360,530,955.29 322,091.78 -360,208,863.51
           (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                12,711,000.00                -730,105,351.60              -717,394,351.60 -997,671,098.94 -1,715,065,450.54
                1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                              12,711,000.00                 -12,711,000.00
                2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
                3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                       -717,394,351.60              -717,394,351.60 -997,671,098.94 -1,715,065,450.54
                4. Others
           (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from capital reserve
                2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from surplus reserve
                3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                   carried forward to retained earnings
                5. Other comprehensive income carried
                   forward to retained earnings
                6. Others
           (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                   6,319,636.53                                                                 6,319,636.53        441,815.25 6,761,451.78
                1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                    69,325,350.93                                                                69,325,350.93      2,819,063.66 72,144,414.59
                2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                        63,005,714.40                                                                63,005,714.40      2,377,248.41 65,382,962.81
           (6) Others                                                                                                        -133,186,124.01                                                                                                                -133,186,124.01        614,515.17 -132,571,608.84


        IV. Closing balance for the period                1,387,935,370.00                                                  2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99                  9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64




126   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                        2022
                                                                                                                                                   Attributable to the owners of the parent
                             Item                                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                             Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                          General risk Undistributed                                        Minority           Total
                                                               Share capital Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves     provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal         interests owners’ equity


       I. Closing balance for previous year            1,362,725,370.00                                                         2,069,245,101.87                    93,569,998.57                    711,971,309.99                6,104,843,404.90            10,342,355,185.33 5,248,896,051.45 15,591,251,236.78
          Add: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                                             52,319.71                    52,319.71        90,524.65 142,844.36
               Correction for error in previous period
               Business combination involving entities
                 under common control
               Others


       II. Opening balance for the year                       1,362,725,370.00                                                  2,069,245,101.87                    93,569,998.57                    711,971,309.99                6,104,895,724.61            10,342,407,505.04 5,248,986,576.10 15,591,394,081.14


       III. Movements in the current period
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)                                                                                          4,923,503.62                    27,697,446.93                                                  1,143,344,986.66            1,175,965,937.21 -488,277,412.44 687,688,524.77
          (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                            27,697,446.93                                                  1,434,968,215.84            1,462,665,662.77 1,626,860,086.24 3,089,525,749.01
          (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reduction                                                                                                                                                                                                                          31,244,006.36 31,244,006.36
               1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                                                                                                                                                                                                                            63,535,535.74 63,535,535.74
               2. Capital contributions by holders of other
                  equity instruments
               3. Amount of share-based payment
                  included in shareholders’ equity
               4. Others                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -32,291,529.38 -32,291,529.38
          (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                  -291,623,229.18              -291,623,229.18 -2,146,822,112.48 -2,438,445,341.66
               1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
               2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
               3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                            -291,623,229.18              -291,623,229.18 -2,146,822,112.48 -2,438,445,341.66
               4. Others
          (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
               1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                  from capital reserve
               2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                  from surplus reserve
               3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
               4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                  carried forward to retained earnings
               5. Other comprehensive income carried
                  forward to retained earnings
               6. Others
          (5) Special reserves
               1. Provided during the period
               2. Used during the period
          (6) Others                                                                                                                4,923,503.62                                                                                                                   4,923,503.62        440,607.44      5,364,111.06


       IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,362,725,370.00                                                  2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,240,711.27            11,518,373,442.25 4,760,709,163.66 16,279,082,605.91




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023                             127
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


8.      STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

        Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                   Other equity instruments                                               Other
                             Item
                                                          Share capital     Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                      Total
                                                                                shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits     Others owners’ equity

        I. Closing balance in previous year             1,362,725,370.00                                           2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95          9,305,394,596.94
           Add: Changes in accounting policies
                Correction for error in previous period
                Others

        II. Opening balance for the year                1,362,725,370.00                                           2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95          9,305,394,596.94

        III. Movements in the current period
              (Decreases expressed with “–”)                25,210,000.00                                            75,960,230.46 236,626,482.61     3,206,758.01                  12,711,000.00 304,537,014.29              184,998,520.15
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                           3,206,758.01                                1,034,642,365.89          1,037,849,123.90
             (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                 reductions                                 25,210,000.00                                           210,540,696.27 236,626,482.61                                                                               -875,786.34
                  1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners 25,210,000.00                                            142,284,040.00                                                                                           167,494,040.00
                  2. Capital contributions by holders of
                     other equity instruments
                  3. Amount of share-based payment
                     included in shareholders’ equity                                                                191,835,272.39                                                                                           191,835,272.39
                  4. Others                                                                                         -123,578,616.12 236,626,482.61                                                                           -360,205,098.73
             (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                12,711,000.00 -730,105,351.60            -717,394,351.60
                  1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                              12,711,000.00 -12,711,000.00
                  2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                        -717,394,351.60            -717,394,351.60
                  3. Others
             (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                  1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from capital reserve
                  2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from surplus reserve
                  3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                  4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                     plan carried forward to retained
                     earnings
                  5. Other comprehensive income carried
                     forward to retained earnings
                  6. Others
             (5) Special reserves
                  1. Provided during the period
                  2. Used during the period
             (6) Others                                                                                             -134,580,465.81                                                                                          -134,580,465.81

        IV. Closing balance for the period              1,387,935,370.00                                           2,352,730,955.68 236,626,482.61    1,507,133.78                 694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24          9,490,393,117.09




128   Annual Report 2023
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                     2022
                                                                                       Other equity instruments                                               Other
                              Item
                                                               Share capital    Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                      Total
                                                                                    shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits     Others owners’ equity

       I. Closing balance in previous year             1,362,725,370.00                                                2,271,399,045.35                   8,168,968.22                 681,362,685.00 3,241,538,883.32          7,565,194,951.89
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Others

       II. Opening balance for the year                      1,362,725,370.00                                          2,271,399,045.35                   8,168,968.22                 681,362,685.00 3,241,538,883.32          7,565,194,951.89

       III. Movements in the current period
             (Decreases expressed with “–”)                                                                                5,371,679.87                  -9,868,592.45                                1,744,696,557.63          1,740,199,645.05
            (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                               -9,868,592.45                                2,036,319,786.81          2,026,451,194.36
            (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                reductions
                 1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners
                 2. Capital contributions by holders of
                    other equity instruments
                 3. Amount of share-based payment
                    included in shareholders’ equity
                 4. Others
            (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                    -291,623,229.18           -291,623,229.18
                 1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
                 2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                              -291,623,229.18           -291,623,229.18
                 3. Others
            (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                 1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from capital reserve
                 2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from surplus reserve
                 3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                 4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                    plan carried forward to retained
                    earnings
                 5. Other comprehensive income carried
                    forward to retained earnings
                 6. Others
            (5) Special reserves
                 1. Provided during the period
                 2. Used during the period
            (6) Others                                                                                                     5,371,679.87                                                                                             5,371,679.87

       IV. Closing balance for the period                    1,362,725,370.00                                          2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95          9,305,394,596.94




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023             129
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


I.       COMPANY PROFILE

         Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when
         including subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River Factory (廣東順德珠江冰箱
         廠), was established in 1984, with its place of registration and head office address at No. 8 Ronggang Road,
         Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province. The Company’s 459,589,808 overseas
         listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 23 July
         1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic shares (the “A Shares”),
         which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

         In accordance with the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (2017) issued by the
         National Bureau of Statistics, the Company belongs to “C3851 Manufacturer of household refrigeration
         appliances”, which is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and
         service business of HVAC, refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-
         conditioning compressors, automotive integrated thermal management systems and other products, and
         provides the full-scenario smart home solutions. The main products include HVAC, refrigerators, freezers,
         washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive integrated
         thermal management systems, etc.

         The financial statements were approved for publication by the Board of the Company on 29 March 2024.

II.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         1.       Basis of preparation

                  The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on actual transactions and events according
                  to the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” and its application guidelines, interpretations
                  and other relevant regulations (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Accounting Standards for
                  Business Enterprises”) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the “Preparation Rules for Information
                  Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 15 – General Provisions on Financial
                  R ep o rts” (R ev is ed in 2023) a n d re le va nt provis ions is s ue d by the C hina Se c uritie s R e gulat or y
                  Commission (“CSRC”), as well as the relevant disclosure provisions required by the “Companies
                  Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

         2.       Going-concern

                  The Group has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months as of 31
                  December 2023, and has found no events or circumstances that cast significant doubt on its ability to
                  continue as a going concern. The financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.

III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

         Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates: The accounting policies and accounting estimates
         developed by the Group according to characteristics of actual production and operation include bad debts
         provision for receivables, provision for decline in value of inventories, depreciation of fixed assets,
         amortization of intangible assets, conditions for capitalizing R&D expenses, recognition and measurement of
         incomes, etc.

         1.       Declaration on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

                  These financial statements give a true, accurate and complete view of the financial position as at 31
                  December 2023, operation results, cash flows and other information for 2023 of the Company and the
                  Group in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.




130    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       2.    Accounting period

             The Group adopts the calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting
             period.

       3.    Business cycle

             The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification
             between assets and liabilities.

       4.    Reporting currency

             The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their reporting currencies. The overseas
             subsidiaries of the Group shall determine their respective reporting currencies depending on the
             primary economic environment where they operate. The Group converts other currencies into RMB in
             preparing the financial statements according to the methods described in Section III. 10.

       5.    Method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria

             The Group follows the principle of materiality in the preparation and disclosure of its financial
             statements. The matters disclosed in the notes to the financial statements that involve judgements about
             materiality criteria and the method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria are
             set out as follows:


                                             Disclosure sections
                                                of matters in
             Disclosures involving               the notes to
             judgements about                   the financial    Method for determination and basis for
             materiality criteria                 statements     selection of materiality criteria

             Accounts receivable/other            V. 4. (3);      Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net
              receivables with significant        V. 7.2. (4)       assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
              amount of bad debt                                    company
              provision recovered or
              reversed during the Year
             Write-off of significant             V. 4. (4);      Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net
              accounts receivable/other           V. 7.2. (5)       assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
              receivables during the Year                           company
             Significant accounts payable/       V. 28. (2);      Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net
               contract liabilities/other        V. 30. (2);        assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
               payables with an ageing of        V. 33.2. (2)       company
               over one year or overdue
             Important overseas business          V. 67. (2)      Subsidiaries with normal business operations
               entities                                             and with their net assets accounting for over
                                                                    0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net assets
             Main components of the              VIII. 1. (1)     Subsidiaries with normal business operations
              enterprise group                                      and with their net assets accounting for over
                                                                    0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net assets
             Important non-wholly-owned          VIII. 1. (2)     Subsidiaries with their net assets accounting
               subsidiaries                                         for over 15% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                    assets




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   131
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         6.       Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under and not under common
                  control

                 (1)        Business combinations involving entities under common control

                            A business combination under common control means that the entities involved in the
                            combination are under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                            combination and that such control is not temporary.

                            The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination
                            under common control are measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged
                            party in the consolidated statements of the ultimate controller. The difference between the
                            carrying amount of net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the combination consideration
                            paid (or the total par value of the issued shares) shall be adjusted in capital reserve; if the
                            capital reserve is not sufficient for offsetting, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.

                 (2)        Business combinations involving entities not under common control

                            A business combination not under common control means that the parties involved in the
                            combination are not under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                            combination.

                            The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained by the Group
                            as an acquirer in a business combination not under common control shall be measured at fair
                            value on the acquisition date. Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of
                            the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill;
                            where the cost of combination is less than the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s
                            identifiable net assets, the fair values of all the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                            liabilities obtained in the business combination and the cost of combination shall be firstly
                            reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination is still less than the acquirer’s share of
                            the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the business combination, the difference
                            shall be included in the consolidated non-operating revenue for the period.

         7.       Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements

                  The consolidation scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is determined based on
                  control, including the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company (including the divisible
                  parts of enterprises and investees, as well as structured entities controlled by enterprises). The standard
                  for judging control by the Group is that the Group has the power over the investee, enjoys variable
                  returns through participating in related activities of the investee, and is able to use the power over the
                  investee to influence its return amount.

                  When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy or the accounting
                  period that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to
                  the financial statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policy or accounting period
                  of the Company.

                  The impact of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries
                  on the consolidated financial statements shall be offset at the time of consolidation. Proportion of
                  shareholder’s equity of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of
                  profit or loss for current period, other comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which
                  belong to the equity of minority shareholders shall be listed under “equity of minority shareholders,
                  gain or loss attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive income attributable to minority
                  shareholders and total comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders” in the consolidated
                  financial statements.


132    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results
             and cash flows of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the
             beginning of the period of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements,
             adjustment shall be made to the related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding
             as the reporting subject which was formed after combination has existed since the ultimate controller
             started control.

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results
             and cash flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained
             its control. When preparing consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial
             statements of the subsidiaries using the fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
             liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of acquisition.

       8.    Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

             Joint arrangements of the Group include joint operation and joint venture. Joint operation refers to a
             joint arrangement in which the joint venturers enjoy the assets and assume the liabilities associated
             with the arrangement. Joint venture refers to a joint arrangement in which the joint venturers only have
             rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

             As for joint operation projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises
             assets and liabilities that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds
             or assume in proportion, and related income and fees will be recognized according to the related
             agreed individual or in proportion assets and liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or
             sold under joint operation that do not constitute business, only the profit or loss incurred from that
             transaction attributable to the other parties under the joint operation is recognized.

       9.    Cash and cash equivalents

             Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank
             available for payment at any time. Cash equivalents in the cash flow statement represent investments
             which are held for less than three months, highly liquid and are readily convertible to known amounts
             of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of value change.

       10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

             (1)    Foreign currency transactions

                    When foreign currency transactions of the Group are initially recognised, the amount in
                    foreign currency shall be translated into the reporting currency at the approximate exchange
                    rate of the spot exchange rate on the date when the transactions take place. As at the balance
                    sheet date, foreign currency monetary items are translated into the reporting currency using
                    the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation differences arising thereon are
                    directly included in the profit or loss for the period, except that exchange differences arising
                    from specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the construction or production of a
                    qualifying asset for capitalisation are dealt with based on the capitalisation principle. Foreign
                    currency non-monetary items measured at historical cost are still translated using the spot
                    exchange rate on the transaction date, without changing their reporting currency amount. Foreign
                    currency non-monetary items measured at fair value are translated using the spot exchange
                    rate on the date of fair value determination. The difference between the translated amount in
                    reporting currency and the original amount in reporting currency is treated as changes in fair
                    value (including exchange rate changes) and included in the profit or loss for current period.
                    The capital from investors in foreign currency is translated using the spot exchange rate on the
                    transaction date, and there is no foreign currency capital translation difference between the
                    foreign currency investment and the reporting currency amount of corresponding monetary item.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023 133
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         10.     Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency
                 (continued)

                 (2)        Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                            When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group translates the financial
                            statements on overseas operations into RMB, in which, asset and liability items in the balance
                            sheet denominated in foreign currency are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on
                            the balance sheet date; the owners’ equity items, except for the “undistributed profits”, are
                            translated at the spot exchange rate when a business takes place; income and expense items in
                            the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate or approximate exchange rate on
                            the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences arising from the above
                            translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented in other comprehensive
                            income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot exchange
                            rate or approximate exchange rate on the date when the cash flow occurs. Effects on cash arising
                            from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash flow statement.

         11.      Financial instruments

                 (1)        Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                            The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the
                            contractual provisions of a financial instrument.

                            A financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets)
                            shall be derecognised, i.e., be written off from its accounts and balance sheet, if the following
                            conditions are satisfied: 1) the right to collect cash flows from the financial asset expires; 2)
                            the Group has transferred the right to collect cash flows from the financial asset, or assumed
                            the obligation under a “transfer agreement” to timely pay the collected cash flows to a third
                            party in full; and the Group has substantially transferred almost all the risks and rewards on
                            ownership of the financial asset, or relinquished control over such financial asset even though it
                            has neither substantially transferred nor retained almost all the risks and rewards on ownership
                            of the financial asset.

                            If the obligation for financial liabilities has been fulfilled, revoked or expired, the financial
                            liabilities shall be derecognised. If the existing financial liability is replaced by another
                            financial liability with substantially different terms by the same creditor, or if the terms of the
                            existing liability are substantially modified, such replacement or modification shall be treated
                            as derecognition of original liability and recognition of new liability, and the difference shall be
                            included in the profit or loss for current period.

                            The financial assets acquired or sold in a conventional manner shall be recognised and
                            derecognised according to the accounting on the transaction date.

                 (2)        Classification and measurement of financial assets

                            At the time of initial recognition, the Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at
                            amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
                            assets at fair value through profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial
                            assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. All affected related
                            financial assets will be reclassified only when the Group changes its business model for
                            managing financial assets.




134    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                    When judging the business model, the Group considers the methods of enterprise evaluation and
                    reporting financial asset performance to key management personnel, the risks affecting financial
                    asset performance and their management methods, as well as the compensation obtainment
                    methods of relevant business management personnel. When evaluating whether to target the
                    collection of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to analyse and judge the reason, time,
                    frequency and value of the sale of financial assets before their maturity date.

                    When judging the characteristics of contractual cash flow, the Group needs to determine
                    whether the contractual cash flow is only for the payment of principal and interest based on
                    unpaid principal. When evaluating the correction of the time value of money, it is necessary to
                    determine whether there is a significant difference compared to the benchmark cash flow. For
                    financial assets with prepayment characteristics, it is necessary to determine whether the fair
                    value of prepayment characteristics is very low.

                    F i n a n c i a l a s s e t s a r e m e a s u r e d a t f a i r v a l u e u p o n i n i t i a l r e c o g n i t i o n, b u t i f t h e a c c o u n t s
                    receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale of goods or provision of services do not
                    include significant financing components or do not consider financing components for a period
                    not exceeding one year, they are initially measured at the transaction price.

                    As for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are
                    directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for other kinds of financial assets, relevant
                    transaction costs are included in their initial recognition amount.

                    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification:

                    1)         Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                               Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                               financial assets measured at amortised cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a
                               business model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; and ②
                               the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
                               are solely the payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                               The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: currency funds, accounts
                               receivable, notes receivable, other receivables, etc.

                    2)         Investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                               Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                               financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets
                               are managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting
                               contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the
                               financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                               principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The interest income on such
                               financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. Except for interest
                               income, impairment losses and exchange differences, other changes in fair value are
                               recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial assets,
                               the cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income
                               shall be transferred out and be included in the profit or loss for the period. The Group’s
                               financial assets in this category mainly include: receivables financing.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023       135
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (2)        Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                            3)     Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                   The Group irrevocably designates part of the investments in equity instruments not held
                                   for trading as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Such
                                   designation cannot be revoked once made. The Group only recognises relevant dividend
                                   income (except for dividend income that is clearly recovered as part of the investment
                                   cost) in profit or loss for the period, and subsequent changes in fair value are included
                                   in other comprehensive income without making the provision for impairment. Upon
                                   derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or losses previously included
                                   in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included in retained
                                   earnings. The Group’s financial assets in this category are investments in other equity
                                   instruments.

                            4)     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                   Other than the above financial assets classified as financial assets measured at amortised
                                   cost and those classified or designated as financial assets at fair value through other
                                   comprehensive income, the Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets at
                                   fair value through profit or loss for the period. Such financial assets are subsequently
                                   measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the
                                   period except for those related to hedge accounting. The Group’s financial assets in this
                                   category mainly include: financial assets held for trading.

                 (3)        Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                            Except for the signed financial guarantee contracts, the loan commitments at a rate lower
                            than the market interest rate, and financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which
                            the transfer does not meet the conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the
                            transferred financial assets, the Group classifies its financial liabilities as financial liabilities at
                            fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost at the time
                            of initial recognition. As for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, relevant
                            transaction costs are directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for financial liabilities
                            measured at amortised cost, relevant transaction costs are included in their initial recognition
                            amount.

                            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification:

                            1)     Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                   Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised using the effective interest
                                   method and subsequently measured at amortised cost.




136    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (3)   Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)

                    2)    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                          Financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are financial liabilities)
                          at fair value through profit or loss include held-for-trading financial liabilities and
                          financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial
                          recognition. Held-for-trading financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that
                          are financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, with all changes in
                          fair value included in profit or loss for the period (except for those related to hedge
                          accounting). Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or
                          loss are subsequently measured at fair value, with other changes in fair value included
                          in profit or loss for the period, except that the changes in fair value arising from changes
                          in the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. If fair
                          value changes caused by changes in the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other
                          comprehensive income, which would result in or amplify an accounting mismatch in
                          profit or loss, the Group will recognise all fair value changes (including the amount
                          affected by changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss for current period.

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments

                    Based on expected credit losses, the Group conducts impairment treatment and recognises
                    loss provisions for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured
                    at fair value with changes recognised in other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease
                    receivables, loan commitments, and financial guarantee contracts.

                    Expected credit loss refers to the weighted average of credit losses of financial instruments
                    weighted by the risk of default. Credit loss refers to the present value of all cash shortages,
                    which is the difference between all contractual cash flows receivable under the contract and
                    all expected cash flows received, discounted at the original effective interest rate by the
                    Group. When considering the method of measuring expected credit losses, the Group reflects
                    the following elements: ① an unbiased probability weighted average amount determined
                    by evaluating a series of possible outcomes; ② the time value of money; and ③ reasonable
                    and evidence-based information about past events, current conditions, and future economic
                    conditions that can be obtained without incurring unnecessary additional costs on the balance
                    sheet date.

                    The Group evaluates the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on individual and
                    combination. When evaluating on a combination basis, the Group divides financial instruments
                    into different groups based on common credit risk characteristics. The common credit risk
                    characteristics adopted by the Group include: financial instrument type, credit risk rating,
                    debtor’s geographical location, debtor’s industry, overdue information, ageing of accounts
                    receivable, etc.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   137
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (4)        Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                            The Group’s evaluation of impairment of financial instruments and contract assets using the
                            expected credit loss model requires significant judgment and estimate, taking into account all
                            reasonable and evidence-based information, including forward-looking information. When
                            making these judgments and estimates, the Group infers expected changes in the debtor’s credit
                            risk based on historical repayment data combined with economic policies, macroeconomic
                            indicators, industry risks, and other factors. Different estimates may affect the provision for
                            impairment, and the accrued provision for impairment may not be equal to the actual amount of
                            future impairment losses.

                            1)    Impairment testing method for accounts receivable and contract assets

                                  For accounts receivable, notes receivable, receivables financing, contract assets and other
                                  receivables that do not contain significant financing components arising from ordinary
                                  business activities, such as sales of goods and provision of services, the Group adopts a
                                  simplified measurement methodology to measure the loss provision based on the amount
                                  of expected credit losses equivalent to the entire duration of the life.

                                  The Group recognises accounts receivable that face special risks as accounts receivable
                                  with significant individual amounts. The Group conducts separate impairment tests on
                                  accounts receivable with significant individual amounts.

                                  For accounts receivable, except for those with significant individual amounts and credit
                                  impairment that have occurred, their credit losses are usually determined based on a
                                  combination of common credit risk characteristics, taking into account the elements
                                  that should be reflected in the expected credit loss measurement method, and referring
                                  to historical credit loss experience, a comparison table of overdue days of accounts
                                  receivable, accounts receivable aging, and default loss rate is prepared, and based on this,
                                  the expected credit losses are calculated. If a customer’s credit risk characteristics are
                                  significantly different from those of other customers in the portfolio, or if the customer’s
                                  c r e d i t r i s k c h a r a c t e r i s t i c s u n d e r g o s i g n i f i c a n t c h a n g e s, s u c h a s s e v e r e f i n a n c i a l
                                  difficulties, and the expected credit loss rate of accounts receivable from the customer is
                                  significantly higher than its expected credit loss rate in the aging and overdue range, the
                                  Group shall make a provision for losses on a single item basis for accounts receivable
                                  from the customer.

                                  ①          Combination categories and determination basis of accounts receivable and
                                             contract assets

                                             Based on information such as the ageing of accounts receivable and contract
                                             assets, overdue ageing, nature of accounts, credit risk exposure, and historical
                                             collection status, the Group classifies them as follows according to the similarity
                                             and correlation of credit risk characteristics:


                                             Item                                              Basis for determination of groups

                                             Ageing analysis                                   This group uses the ageing of receivables as the
                                                                                                 credit risk characteristics
                                             Receivables from                                  This group is based on receivables from related
                                               related parties                                   parties
                                             Other receivables                                 This group is based on accounts receivable from
                                                                                                 special business

138    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                    1)    Impairment testing method for accounts receivable and contract assets (continued)

                          ②         Combination categories and determination basis of notes receivable

                                    Based on the common risk characteristics of the acceptor credit risk of notes
                                    receivable, the Group classifies them into different combinations and determines
                                    the accounting estimate policy for expected credit losses as follows:


                                    Item                                            Basis for determination of groups

                                    Bank acceptance notes                           Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk. The
                                                                                    Group identifies these receivables as having a low
                                                                                    credit risk and does not recognise their expected
                                                                                    credit losses
                                    Commercial acceptance notes                     Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as
                                                                                    accounts receivable)


                    2)    I m p a i r m e n t t e s t i n g m e t h o d s f o r d e b t i n v e s t m e n t s, o t h e r d e b t i n v e s t m e n t s, l o a n
                          commitments, and financial guarantee contracts

                          Except for financial assets that adopt simplified measurement methods as mentioned
                          above, the Group adopts the general method (three-stage method) to calculate expected
                          credit losses. On each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether its credit risk has
                          significantly increased since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not significantly
                          increased since initial recognition and is in the first stage, the Group measures the
                          provision for losses based on an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the
                          next 12 months, and calculates interest income based on the book balance and actual
                          interest rate. If credit risk has significantly increased since initial recognition but credit
                          impairment has not yet occurred, in the second stage, the Group measures loss provisions
                          at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the entire existence period, and
                          calculates interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit
                          impairment occurs after initial recognition, in the third stage, the Group measures the
                          provision for losses at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the entire
                          existence period, and calculates interest income at amortized cost and actual interest
                          rate. For financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date, the Group
                          assumes that their credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition.

                          The expected credit loss for the entire expected lifespan of a financial instrument
                          refers to the expected credit loss caused by all possible default events that may occur
                          throughout the expected lifespan of the financial instrument. The expected credit loss
                          within the next 12 months refers to the expected credit loss that may occur due to a
                          default event of a financial instrument within the next 12 months after the balance sheet
                          date (if the expected maturity of the financial instrument is less than 12 months, then
                          the expected maturity), which is a part of the expected credit loss for the entire maturity
                          period.

                          Please refer to Note X. 1 for the disclosure of the criteria for significantly increasing
                          credit risk and the definition of credit impairment assets that have occurred in the Group.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023       139
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (5)        Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                            For financial asset transfer transactions, if the Group has transferred almost all the risks and
                            rewards of ownership of the financial asset to the transferee, the recognition of the financial asset
                            shall be terminated. If almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets
                            are retained, the recognition of such financial assets shall not be terminated; If almost all risks
                            and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets have not been transferred or retained,
                            and control over the financial asset has been relinquished, the recognition of the financial asset
                            and the recognition of the resulting assets and liabilities shall be terminated. If control over
                            the financial asset has not been relinquished, relevant financial asset shall be recognised based
                            on its continued involvement in the transferred financial assets, with corresponding liabilities
                            recognised.

                            If the whole transfer of the financial asset meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference
                            between the carrying amount of the transferred financial asset at the date of derecognition and
                            the sum of the consideration received for the transfer and the accumulative amount of fair value
                            changes originally recorded into other comprehensive income which is relevant to the portion of
                            derecognition (the transferred financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the
                            Group’s financial assets are managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both
                            by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of
                            the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                            and interest on the principal amount outstanding.) is included in the profit or loss for the period.

                            If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the entire
                            carrying amount of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which is derecognised
                            and the portion which is not, apportioned according to their respective relative fair value,
                            and the difference between the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the
                            accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value originally included in other comprehensive
                            income which shall be apportioned to the derecognised portion (the transferred financial
                            asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are managed
                            within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows
                            and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on
                            specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
                            amount outstanding), and the apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets are
                            included in the profit or loss for the period.

                            For those who continue to be involved by providing financial guarantees for the transferred
                            financial assets, the assets formed by further involvement shall be recognised based on the lower
                            of the book value of the financial assets and the amount of financial guarantees. The financial
                            guarantee amount refers to the highest amount of consideration received that will be required to
                            be repaid.




140    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (6)   Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                    The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles:
                    (1) Where the Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial
                    asset to fulfil a contractual obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a
                    financial liability. Although some financial instruments do not explicitly include the terms
                    and conditions imposing the contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset,
                    they may indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms and conditions.
                    (2) Where a financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument,
                    consideration shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the
                    instrument is a substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets
                    of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the
                    issuer’s financial liability; in the latter case, the instrument shall be the equity instrument of
                    the issuer. Under certain circumstances whereby a financial instrument contract stipulates that
                    the Group will or may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial instrument, and the
                    amount of the contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity instruments
                    to be received or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract
                    shall be classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual
                    right or obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable
                    other than the market price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate,
                    a commodity price or a financial instrument price).

                    When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial
                    statements, the Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the
                    Group and the holders of the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation
                    in respect of the instrument to settle it by delivering cash or another financial asset or in such
                    a way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument shall be classified as a financial
                    liability.

             (7)   Derivative financial instruments

                    The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts,
                    commodity forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, to hedge exchange rate risk, commodity
                    price risk, and interest rate risk, respectively. Derivative financial instruments are initially
                    measured at their fair value on the date of signing the derivative transaction contract, and
                    subsequently measured at their fair value. Derivative financial instruments with a positive fair
                    value are recognised as an asset, while those with a negative fair value are recognised as a
                    liability.

                    Except for those related to hedge accounting, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value
                    of derivative instruments are directly included in the profit or loss for current period.

             (8)   Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                    Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the
                    balance sheet and shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met,
                    a financial asset and a financial liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in
                    the balance sheet: ① the Group has a legal right that is currently enforceable to set off the
                    recognised amount, and ② the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the
                    financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   141
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         12.      Inventories

                  The Group’s inventories mainly include raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, etc.

                  Inventories are initially measured at cost. Inventory costs include purchase costs, processing costs
                  and other costs. The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Actual cost is calculated using
                  weighted average method when the inventories are received or delivered. Low-value consumables and
                  packaged goods are amortised using one-time resale method.

                  Inventories are measured at the lower of their cost and net realisable value on the balance sheet date.
                  If the cost of inventories is higher than their net realisable value, a provision for decline in value of
                  inventories will be made and included in profit or loss for the period. Net realisable value refers to the
                  estimated selling price of inventories in daily activities, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till
                  completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

                  The Group makes provisions for decline in value of inventories on the basis of individual inventory
                  items. Net realisable value of the inventories of goods directly used for sale, such as finished goods,
                  work in process and materials for sale, is determined by the estimated selling price of such inventories,
                  minus the estimated selling expenses and related taxes; net realisable value of the inventories of
                  materials held for production is determined by the estimated selling price of finished goods produced,
                  minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

         13.      Contract assets and contract liabilities

                 (1)        Contract assets

                            A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage
                            of time, to receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a
                            customer. If the Group sells two clearly distinguishable goods to customers, it is entitled to
                            receive payment for one of the goods that has been delivered, but the payment is also dependent
                            on the delivery of the other of the goods, the Group regards the right to receive payment as a
                            contract asset.

                            For method of determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of contract assets,
                            please refer to relevant contents in “Note III. 11. (4) Impairment of financial instruments”
                            described above.

                 (2)        Contract liabilities

                            A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which
                            the Company has received or should receive consideration from the customer. If the customer
                            has paid the contract consideration or the Group has obtained the unconditional rights to
                            consideration before the Group transfers goods to the customer, the Group will recognise
                            the amount received or receivable as a contract liability at the time of actual payment by the
                            customer or the due date of the amount to be paid by the customer, which is the earlier.




142    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       14.   Assets relating to contract costs

             (1)   Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                    The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract
                    acquisition cost. According to the liquidity, contract performance costs are presented separately
                    in inventory and other non-current assets, while contract acquisition costs are presented
                    separately in other current assets and other non-current assets.

                    Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which
                    does not fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, such as
                    inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and meets all of the following conditions, which
                    is recognised as an asset as contract performance cost: the costs relate directly to an existing
                    contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract, including direct labour, direct
                    materials, manufacturing costs (or similar costs), costs that are explicitly chargeable to the
                    customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract; the
                    costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in
                    the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.

                    Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which
                    is expected to be recoverable and which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If
                    the amortisation period of such asset is no more than one year, the Group chooses the simplified
                    treatment of including such contract acquisition cost in profit or loss as incurred. Incremental
                    cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by the Group had no contract been acquired
                    (such as commission, etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group to obtain contracts (other than
                    the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as travelling expenses which
                    will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained) are included in profit or
                    loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

             (2)   Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                    The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for
                    recognition of the revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

             (3)   Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                    If the carrying amount of the Group’s assets relating to contract costs is higher than the
                    difference between the following two items, the Group makes a provision for impairment and
                    recognises the excess as an asset impairment loss: ① the remaining consideration expected to be
                    received from transfer of the goods relating to the asset; and ② the cost expected to be incurred
                    for transfer of the relevant goods.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   143
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         15.      Long-term equity investments

                  Long-term equity investments of the Group include the investments in subsidiaries, investments in
                  associates and equity investments in joint ventures.

                 (1)        Determination of significant influence and common control

                            The Group’s investment in associates refers to the equity investment that has a significant
                            i n f l u e n c e o n t h e i n v e s t e e. S i g n i f i c a n t i n f l u e n c e m e a n s t h a t t h e G r o u p h a s t h e p o w e r t o
                            participate in decision-making on the financial and operational policies of the investee, but
                            cannot control or jointly control the formulation of these policies with other parties. When the
                            Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20% (inclusive) or more but less
                            than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that the Group has
                            significant influence on the investee. For voting rights less than 20% in the investee, the board
                            or representative in similar authority in the investee or the implementation processes of financial
                            or operation policies of investee have also been taken into account, or significant transaction
                            with the investee, or management personnel sent to the investee, or significant technology
                            information provided to the investee which have significant influence to the investee.

                            The equity investment in a joint venture refers to the investment in which the Group exercises
                            joint control with other joint venture parties over the investee and has the power over the net
                            assets of the investee. Joint control refers to the shared control over a certain arrangement in
                            accordance with relevant agreements, and the related activities of the arrangement must be
                            unanimously agreed upon by the participating parties who share control before decision-making
                            can be made. Basis for determination in respect of common control is that all participating
                            parties or a group of participating parties control such arrangement, and that policies of such
                            related business of such arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that
                            control such arrangement.

                 (2)        Accounting treatment method

                            The Group initially measures the long-term equity investments obtained based on the initial
                            investment cost.

                            For long-term equity investments obtained through business combination under common
                            control, proportion of carrying amount of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the
                            consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial
                            investment cost. For carrying amount of net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date
                            of combination, investment cost of long-term equity investment is calculated as zero.

                            For long-term equity investments acquired through business combination not under common
                            control, cost of combination will be treated as the initial investment cost;




144    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       15.   Long-term equity investments (continued)

             (2)    Accounting treatment method (continued)

                    Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination, for long-
                    term equity investments acquired by cash payment, the initial investment cost shall be based on
                    the actual purchase price paid and the expenses, taxes and other necessary expenditures directly
                    related to the acquisition of long-term equity investments. For long-term equity investments
                    acquired by issuing equity securities, the cost of investment is the fair value of the equity
                    securities issued;

                    The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in individual financial statements
                    using cost method. When the cost method is used, long-term equity investments are measured
                    at their initial investment cost. When making additional investment, carrying amount of the
                    long-term equity investments will be increased according to the fair value of cost of additional
                    investment and the related expenses incurred by related transactions. For cash dividend or profit
                    paid by the investee, it shall be recognised as investment income for current period using the
                    amount which it entitles.

                    The Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity
                    method. When using the equity method, if the initial investment cost of a long-term equity
                    investment exceeds the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that
                    should be enjoyed at the time of investment, the book value of the long-term equity investment
                    shall not be adjusted. If the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment is less than
                    the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that should be enjoyed at
                    the time of investment, the difference shall be adjusted to the book value of the long-term equity
                    investment and included in the profit or loss for current investment period.

                    For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under
                    equity method, carrying amount of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased
                    accordingly according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee during the
                    investment period. When determining the amount of proportion of net profit or loss in the
                    investee which it entitles, fair value of each identifiable asset of the investee at the time when
                    the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and according to the accounting policies and
                    accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss incurred in internal transaction
                    between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which is attributable to the
                    Group according to the shareholding (if internal transaction losses belong to asset impairment
                    losses, they shall be fully recognised), and recognised after adjustment is made to the net profit
                    of the investee. The Group recognises the net loss incurred by the investee, with the book
                    value of long-term equity investments and other long-term equity essentially constituting the
                    net investment in the investee reduced to zero, except for the obligation of the Group to bear
                    additional losses.

       16.   Investment properties

             The Group’s investment properties refer to the real estate held for the purpose of earning rent or capital
             appreciation, or for both, which comprise rented out houses, buildings and land. They are measured
             using the cost model.

             The Group’s investment property is depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for houses,
             buildings or land use rights.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   145
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         17.      Fixed assets

                  Fixed assets of the Group are tangible assets that are held for production of goods or provision of
                  services, leasing to others, or for administrative purposes, with a useful life over one accounting year.

                  Fixed assets are recognised when it is probable that the related economic benefits will flow to the
                  Group and the costs can be reliably measured. Fixed assets of the Group comprise offshore land,
                  buildings and structures, machinery equipment, electronic equipment, appliances and furniture,
                  transportation equipment.

                  Apart from fixed assets which are provided in full and continue to be in use and lands that are
                  accounted separately, the Group made provision for all the fixed assets. The Group made provision for
                  depreciation using straight-line method. The useful life, estimated residual value ratio and depreciation
                  rate of fixed assets of the Group are classified as below:


                                                                                       Estimated rate                Annual
                                                                      Useful life          of residual          depreciation
                  No.       Category                                      (year)            value (%)              rates (%)

                  1         Offshore land                              Unlimited        Not applicable        Not applicable
                  2         Buildings and structures                       20-50                  0-10                 1.8-5
                  3         Machinery equipment                             5-20                  5-10               4.5-19
                  4         Electronic equipment,                           3-10                  0-10              9-33.33
                              appliances and furniture
                  5         Transportation equipment                        5-10                   5-10                  9-19


                  The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life, estimated rate of salvage value and
                  the depreciation method of fixed assets at each financial year-end. If any changes occur, they will be
                  regarded as changes on accounting estimates.

         18.      Construction in progress

                  The cost of construction in progress is determined based on actual project expenses, including
                  necessary project expenses and other related expenses incurred during the construction period.

                  Construction in progress is transferred to the fixed assets when the assets are ready for their intended use
                  at an estimated amount based on the project budget, price or actual cost of construction. Depreciation
                  is calculated from the next month of the transfer. The original value of the fixed asset is adjusted when
                  the construction finalisation procedures are completed.

                  Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it reaches its intended usable state, with the
                  following standards:


                  Item                             Standards for transferring to fixed assets

                  Houses and buildings             Completion acceptance/actual start of use (Whichever is earlier)
                  Machinery and equipment          Completion of installation, debugging and acceptance




146    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       19.   Borrowing costs

             The Group will capitalise the borrowing costs that can be directly attributed to the construction or
             production of assets eligible for capitalisation, and include them in the relevant asset costs. Other
             borrowing costs will be recognised in the profit or loss for current period. The assets eligible for
             capitalisation as determined by the Group include borrowing costs for fixed assets, investment
             properties and inventories that require more than one year of construction or production activities to
             reach their intended usable or saleable condition. Capitalisation starts when the assets expenses and
             borrowing costs have been incurred and the construction or production activities for making the assets
             reach their intended usable or saleable condition have started; capitalisation stops when the constructed
             or produced assets eligible for capitalisation conditions have reached their intended usable or saleable
             condition. Borrowing costs incurred afterwards are included into the profit or loss for current period.
             If assets eligible for capitalisation conditions interrupt abnormally during construction or production
             progress, and such interruption lasts for more than three consecutive months, capitalisation of
             borrowing costs shall be suspended until construction of assets or production activities resume.

             During each accounting period within the capitalisation period, the Group recognises the capitalised
             amount of borrowing costs using the following method: The capitalised amount of borrowing costs,
             accrued from the funds borrowed under a specific purpose, is the actual interest expense incurred on
             that borrowing for the period less any bank interest earned from depositing the borrowed funds before
             being used on the asset or any investment income on the temporary investment of those funds. The
             Group determines the capitalised amount of borrowing costs, accrued from the funds borrowed under a
             general purpose, by applying a capitalisation rate to the weighted average of the excess of cumulative
             expenditures on the asset over the amounts of specific purpose borrowings. The capitalisation rate shall
             be calculated and determined according to the weighted average interest rate of the general borrowing.

       20.   Intangible asset

             The Group’s intangible assets include land use right, trademark right, patented technology, sales
             channel, etc. Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible
             assets, actual paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets
             invested by investors, the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment
             contract or agreement, while for the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is
             determined at the fair value. Intangible assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are
             owned by the acquiree but not recognised in its financial statements are recognised and measured at
             fair value on initial recognition.

             (1)   Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                   procedure

                    The Group amortizes land use right on the basis of its useful life by straight line method since it is
                    acquired. Other intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful
                    life, stipulated beneficial year by contract, and legal available year. The amortization amount
                    is accounted into costs and profit or loss in the current period according to the beneficiary
                    object of intangible assets. The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life and
                    amortization method of intangible assets with limited useful life at the end of each year. Any
                    changes will be dealt with as changes on accounting estimates.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   147
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         20.      Intangible asset (continued)

                 (1)        Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                            procedure (continued)

                            The useful lives of the Group’s intangible assets with limited useful lives are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Useful lives
                            Items                                                                                     (years)

                            Land use rights                                                                               20-70
                            Trademark rights                                                                                  5
                            Proprietary technology                                                                           10
                            Sales channels                                                                                   10
                            Others                                                                                         3-10

                            Explanation: The useful life of land use right is recognized according to the term of the grant;
                                         the useful life of other intangible assets is recognized according to the shortest of
                                         the expected useful life, the beneficial period as specified in the contract or the
                                         useful life specified in the law.

                            The Group will review the useful lives on those intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at
                            each of the accounting period. If there are evidences showing that the intangible assets can bring
                            economic benefit for the Company within the foreseeable period, the Company shall estimate
                            the useful life and carry out amortization according to the amortization policy for intangible
                            assets with finite useful life.

                 (2)        Scope of R&D expenditure collection and related accounting treatment methods

                            The scope of R&D expenditures of the Group cover employee salaries of R&D personnel, direct
                            investment expenses, depreciation and deferred expenses, other expenses, etc.

                            The Group classifies the expenditures on internal research and development projects into
                            expenditure at the research phase and expenditure at the development phase based on the nature
                            of the expenditures and whether there is great uncertainty for the research and development
                            activities to ultimately form into intangible assets. Expenditure at the research phase is
                            recognised in profit or loss for the period when it is incurred. Expenditure at the development
                            phase is capitalised when all of the following conditions are satisfied at the same time: As
                            assessed by the Group, it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will
                            be available for use or sale; the Group intends to complete and use or sell the intangible asset;
                            the intangible asset is expected to bring economic benefits to the Group; the Group has adequate
                            technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and has the ability to
                            use or sell the intangible asset; and the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset at its
                            development phase can be reliably measured. Expenditure at the development phase that fails to
                            meet the conditions for capitalisation is recognised in the profit or loss when incurred.




148    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       21.   Impairment of long-term assets

             The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties
             measured by the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and intangible
             assets with limited useful lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is indication that there is
             impairment, the Group would perform impairment test. Impairment test should be made for goodwill,
             intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the year end regardless of whether there is indication of
             impairment loss.

             (1)    Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (excluding goodwill)

                    When conducting impairment testing, the Group determines its recoverable amount based on
                    the higher of the net amount after deducting disposal expenses from the fair value of the asset
                    and the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset. After impairment testing,
                    if the book value of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the difference is recognised as
                    impairment loss.

                    The Group estimates its recoverable amount based on individual assets. If it is difficult
                    to estimate the recoverable amount of individual assets, the recoverable amount shall be
                    determined based on the asset group to which the asset belongs. The recognition of an asset
                    group is based on whether the main cash inflows generated by the asset group are independent
                    of the cash inflows of other assets or asset groups.

                    The net amount after deducting disposal costs from fair value is determined by referring to
                    the sales agreement price or observable market price of similar assets in fair trade, minus the
                    incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of the asset. When estimating the present
                    value of future cash flows, the management must estimate the expected future cash flows of the
                    asset or asset group and select an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of
                    future cash flows. Please refer to Note V. 19 for details.

             (2)    Impairment of goodwill

                    The Group shall amortise the book value of the goodwill formed by the merger of enterprises
                    to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from the date of purchase. If it is difficult
                    to amortise to the relevant asset groups, it shall be amortised to the relevant asset group
                    combinations. When conducting impairment tests on asset groups or asset group combinations
                    r e l a t e d t o g o o d w i l l, i f t h e r e a r e s i g n s o f i m p a i r m e n t i n t h e a s s e t g r o u p s o r a s s e t g r o u p
                    combinations related to goodwill, the Group shall first conduct impairment tests on the asset
                    groups or asset group combinations that do not contain goodwill, calculate the recoverable
                    amount, compare it with the relevant book value, and recognise the corresponding impairment
                    l o s s e s. T h e n t h e G r o u p s h a l l c o n d u c t i m p a i r m e n t t e s t s o n a s s e t g r o u p s o r a s s e t g r o u p
                    combinations containing goodwill, comparing the book value with the recoverable amount. If
                    the recoverable amount is lower than the book value, the impairment loss amount is first offset
                    against the book value of goodwill amortised to the asset group or asset group combination.
                    Then, based on the proportion of the book value of assets other than goodwill in the asset group
                    or asset group combination, the book value of other assets is proportionally offset.

                    The methods, parameters and assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill are detailed in
                    Note V. 20.

                    An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent
                    accounting period.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      149
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         22.      Long-term prepaid expenses

                  Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be
                  recognised as expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Such expenses
                  are amortised on average during the benefit period. If a long-term prepaid expense item cannot benefit
                  subsequent accounting periods, the amortised value of the item that has not yet been amortised shall be
                  fully transferred to the profit or loss for current period.

         23.      Employee remuneration

                  Employee remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment
                  benefits, termination benefits and other long-term benefits.

                  Short-term remuneration mainly includes staff salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare,
                  medical insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium,
                  housing provident funds, union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary
                  welfare etc. Short-term remuneration incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided
                  services is recognised as a liability, and included in profit or loss for the current period or as related asset
                  cost in accordance with beneficiaries.

                  Post-employment benefits mainly include pension insurance premium and unemployment insurance
                  premium. According to the Company’s risks and obligations, they are classified as defined contribution
                  plans and defined benefit plans. As for the defined contribution plans, the contributions which are
                  made for individual subjects in exchange for the staff’s services rendered in the accounting period shall
                  be recognized as liabilities on the balance sheet date and included in profits or losses in the current
                  period or relevant asset costs according to the beneficiaries.

                  The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme which requires contributions to be made to an
                  independently managed fund. No fund has been injected to the scheme, and the cost of providing the
                  benefit under the defined benefit scheme is based on the expected cumulative benefit unit method. Re-
                  measurements arising from the defined benefit pension scheme, including actuarial gains or losses,
                  changes in the impact of asset ceilings (net of amounts included in net interest on net liabilities for the
                  defined benefit scheme) and returns on assets under the scheme (net of amounts included in net interest
                  on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) shall be recognised immediately in the balance sheet.
                  They shall be included in the shareholders’ equity through other comprehensive income for the period
                  in which they occur, and not reversed to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The Group recognises
                  past service costs as current expenses on the date of modification of the defined benefit scheme or the
                  date of recognition of relevant restructuring expenses or dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier. Net
                  interest is calculated by multiplying the net amount of liabilities or assets under the defined benefit
                  scheme by the discount rate. The Group recognises in profit or loss the following changes in the net
                  obligations under the defined benefit scheme: service costs, including current service cost, past service
                  cost and settlement gains or losses; and net interest, including interest income on assets under the
                  scheme, interest expenses on obligations under the scheme and interest affected by asset ceiling.

                  Dismissal benefits arise from the Company’s decision to terminate the employment relationship with
                  employees before the expiration of labour contracts or offer compensation to encourage employees
                  to voluntarily accept layoffs. When the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the dismissal
                  benefits provided due to termination of the employment relationship or the proposal for layoffs, or
                  when the Company recognises the costs or expenses related to the restructuring involving the payment
                  of dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier, an employee compensation liability arising from dismissal
                  benefits shall be recognised and included in the current profit or loss. The compensation payments
                  made for more than one year shall be included in the current profit or loss after discounted at an
                  appropriate discount rate.




150    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       24.   Accrued liabilities

             The Group recognises it as a liability when an obligation pertinent to contingencies such as external
             guarantees, discounting of commercial acceptance bills, pending litigation or arbitration, product
             quality assurance, etc. simultaneously meets the following conditions: The obligation is a current
             obligation borne by the Group; it is likely that an outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from
             the performance of the obligation; and the amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.

             Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the necessary expenses required for the
             performance of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks, uncertainties, time value
             of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the current best estimates
             and makes adjustments to the carrying amount of the accrued liabilities on the balance sheet date.

             Contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired in a business combination not under common control
             are measured at fair value at the time of initial recognition and be subsequently measured at the
             higher of the recognised amount of accrued liabilities or the balance after deducting the accumulated
             amortisation amount determined by the revenue recognition principle from the initial recognition
             amount.

       25.   Share-based payments

             The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on
             the fair value of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled
             share-based payment can be vested immediately upon grant, it shall be included in relevant costs or
             expenses according to the fair value of equity instruments on the grant date, and the capital reserves
             shall be increased accordingly. If the equity-settled share-based payment cannot be vested until the
             services are completed in vesting period or until the prescribed performance conditions are met, then
             on each balance sheet date within the vesting period, the services acquired during the period shall
             be included in relevant costs or expenses and capital reserves according to the fair value of equity
             instruments on the grant date, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments.
             If the terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, acquired services are recognised
             at least as if the terms had not been modified. In addition, modifications that increase the fair value of
             equity instruments granted, or changes that are beneficial to employees on the date of modification, are
             recognised as an increase in services acquired.

             If equity-settled share-based payments are cancelled, they shall be treated as accelerated exercise on
             the date of cancellation, and the unrecognised amount shall be recognised immediately. If employees
             or other parties can choose to satisfy the non-exercisable conditions but fail to do so within the vesting
             period, it shall be treated as cancellation of the equity-settled share-based payment. However, if a new
             equity instrument is granted and it is determined on the date of grant that the new equity instrument
             is intended to replace the cancelled equity instrument, the substitute equity instrument granted shall
             be treated in the same manner as the modification to the terms and conditions of the original equity
             instrument.

       26.   Recognition and measurement of revenue

             The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is fulfilled, i.e. when
             “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
             customers. Acquiring control over relevant goods or services means to be able to dominate the use of
             such goods or the provision of such services and obtain almost all economic benefits from them.

             The revenue of the Group mainly includes revenue from sale of goods.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   151
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         26.      Recognition and measurement of revenue (continued)

                  The sale of products by the Group to customers is the fulfilment of its performance obligation at
                  a certain point of time, and revenue is recognised when the performance obligation is completed.
                  Domestic sales business: Revenue is recognised when the goods are delivered by the Group according
                  to the contract or order and received by the customer. Overseas sales business: It is generally agreed in
                  the sales contracts signed between the Group and overseas customers that the point of time at which the
                  control over the goods is transferred is when the goods are loaded onto ships and depart from the ports.
                  Therefore, the Group recognises the overseas sales revenue from its major overseas sales business
                  when the goods depart from the ports.

         27.      Government grants

                  Government grants are recognised when they meet the accompanying conditions and can be received.
                  Government grants that are monetary assets shall be measured at the amount actually received. Grants,
                  which are disbursed according to fixed quota standard or where there is conclusive evidence at the
                  end of the year that they can satisfy relevant conditions set out in the financial support policy and that
                  the financial support funds are expected to be received, shall be measured at the amount receivable.
                  Government grants that are non-monetary assets shall be measured at fair value or, at a nominal amount
                  (RMB1) if their fair value cannot be reliably obtained.

                  Government grants of the Group consist of asset-related government grants and income-related
                  government grants. Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained for acquisition
                  or construction of long-term assets or other forms of long-term asset formation; income-related
                  government grants refer to those other than asset-related government grants. If related government
                  documents do not specify targets of the grants, the Group will recognise the grants according to the
                  above principle, and if it’s difficult to distinguish, they shall be recognised as the income-related
                  government grants as a whole.

                  Asset-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss
                  over the useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. If relevant assets are sold,
                  transferred, scrapped or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the balance of undistributed
                  deferred income shall be transferred to profit or loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of.

                  Income-related government grants, which are used to compensate for related expenses or losses to be
                  incurred in the subsequent periods, shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or
                  loss over the periods in which the related costs or losses are recognised. Government grants related
                  to daily activities, depending on the essence of economic business, are included in other income or
                  used to offset relevant expenses. Government grants not related to daily activities are included in non-
                  operating income or expenses.

                  W h e r e t h e G r o u p o b t a i n s s u b s i d i s e d i n t e r e s t r a t e s f o r p o l i c y c o n c e s s i o n a r y l o a n s, t h e G r o u p
                  distinguishes between the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
                  to the lending bank and the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
                  directly to the Group, and carries out the accounting treatment according to the following principles,
                  respectively: (1) Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds to the lending bank, and
                  the lending bank provides the Group with a loan at a policy preferential interest rate, the Group takes
                  the actual loan amount received as the entry value of the loan and calculates the related borrowing
                  costs according to the principal amount of the loan and the policy preferential interest rate (or takes
                  the fair value of the loan as the entry value of the loan and calculates the borrowing costs using the
                  effective interest rate method, with the difference between the actual amount received and the fair
                  value of the loan being recognised as deferred income. Deferred income is amortised over the duration
                  of the loan using the effective interest rate method, and used to offset relevant borrowing costs). (2)
                  Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds directly to the Group, the Group will
                  offset relevant borrowing costs with the corresponding subsidised funds.


152    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       28.   Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities

             The Group’s deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are recognised on the basis
             of (temporary differences) arising from differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
             their carrying amount, as well as from differences between the tax bases and their carrying amount of
             items that are not recognised as assets and liabilities but whose tax bases can be determined according
             to tax laws.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences, except
             in the following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of
             goodwill or the initial recognition of assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are not business
             combinations and that affect neither the accounting profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses);
             (2) taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and
             such temporary differences are likely not to be reversed in the foreseeable future.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for deductible temporary differences, deductible
             losses and tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available
             against which the deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised,
             except in the following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition
             of assets or liabilities in transactions other than business combinations that affect neither accounting
             profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); and (2) deductible temporary differences related
             to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that can not simultaneously satisfy the
             following conditions: temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future, and
             taxable income is likely to be obtained in the future to offset deductible temporary differences.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for all unused deductible losses to the extent that it is
             likely that sufficient taxable income will be available to offset the deductible losses. The management
             uses considerable judgements in estimating the time and amount of future taxable income, and
             determines the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognised by taking into account the tax
             planning strategies, thus resulting in uncertainty.

             On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax
             rate during the expected period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled.

             The Group presents deferred income tax assets and liabilities as net amounts after offsetting when all
             of the following conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets
             and current deferred income tax liabilities on a net basis; deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
             related to income tax levied by the same tax collection and management authority on the same taxpayer
             or on different taxpayers. However, for each future period in which significant deferred income tax
             assets and liabilities are reversed, the taxpayers involved intend to either settle the current income tax
             assets and liabilities on a net basis or to acquire the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   153
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         29.      Lease

                 (1)        Identification of lease

                            At the commencement date of the contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease
                            or contains a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right of use of an identified asset
                            or several identified assets for consideration within a certain period of time, such contract is
                            regarded as lease or includes lease.

                            Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract
                            and conduct accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases.

                 (2)        The Group as a lessee

                            1)     Lease recognition

                                   Except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets, the Group recognises right-of-
                                   use assets and lease liabilities of the lease at the inception of the lease term.

                                   The right-of-use assets refer to the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the
                                   Group as a lessee, which are initially measured at cost. Such cost shall comprise: ①
                                   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; ② any lease payments
                                   made on or before the inception of the lease, less any lease incentives received; ③ any
                                   initial direct costs incurred; and ④ an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in
                                   dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located
                                   or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of
                                   the lease (costs of production of inventory are excluded). If the Group re-measures lease
                                   liability in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, the carrying
                                   amount of the right-of-use assets shall be adjusted accordingly.

                                   The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the expected
                                   consumption of the economic benefits associated with the right-of-use assets. If it
                                   can reasonably determined that ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon
                                   expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be accrued within the remaining useful
                                   life of the leased asset; if it can not be reasonably determined that ownership of the
                                   leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be
                                   accrued within the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever
                                   is shorter. The depreciation amount accrued is included in the cost of relevant asset or
                                   current profit or loss based on the use of the right-of-use asset.

                                   The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease
                                   payments at the inception of the lease term. The lease payments include: ① the fixed
                                   payment and the substantial fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount; ② the
                                   variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio; ③ the exercise price of the call
                                   option, provided that the Group reasonably determines that it will exercise the option;
                                   ④ the amount payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease, provided that the lease
                                   term reflects that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; and ⑤ the
                                   amount payable based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.




154    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       29.   Lease (continued)

             (2)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

                    1)     Lease recognition (continued)

                           In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine
                           the interest rate implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall be
                           adopted as the discount rate. The Group shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease
                           liabilities for each period of the lease term at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include
                           them in profit or loss for the current period, expect for those subject to capitalisation.

                           Subsequent to the inception of the lease term, the Group increases the carrying amount of
                           the lease liability at the time of recognising interest on the lease liability, and decreases
                           the carrying amount of the lease liability at the time of making lease payments. When
                           there is a change in the substantive fixed payments, a change in the expected payable
                           amount for the residual value of the guarantee, a change in the index or ratio used to
                           determine the amount of lease payments, or a change in the valuation result or actual
                           exercise of the option of purchase, renewal or termination, the Group will re-measure the
                           lease liability based on the present value of lease payments as a result of the change.

                    2)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                           For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value
                           asset leases which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use
                           assets and lease liabilities. During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on
                           short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or
                           current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other systematic and reasonable methods
                           over the lease term.

             (3)   The Group as a lessor

                    The Group as a lessor classifies the lease as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
                    risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset, and classifies other leases as
                    operating leases.

                    1)     Finance lease

                           At the inception of the lease term, the Group confirms the finance lease receivable on the
                           finance lease and terminates the recognition of the finance lease assets. When the initial
                           measurement of the finance lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group uses the
                           net lease investment as the entry value of the finance lease receivables.

                           The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present value
                           of rental receipts that has not been received at the inception of the lease term, which
                           is discounted according to the interest rate implicit in lease. The Group calculates and
                           recognises interest income for each period of the lease term based on a fixed periodic
                           interest rate. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in
                           the net lease investment are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they are
                           actually incurred.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   155
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         29.      Lease (continued)

                 (3)        The Group as a lessor (continued)

                            2)    Operating lease

                                  Rental receipts under an operating lease are recognised as rental income on a straight
                                  line basis over the period of the lease.

                                  The initial direct costs incurred by the Group in relation to the operating leases shall be
                                  capitalised as the costs of the subject leased asset, apportioned on the same basis as the
                                  rental income recognition during the lease term, and included in profit or loss for the
                                  period. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in the
                                  lease receivables related to the operating leases are recognised in profit or loss for the
                                  period in which they are actually incurred.

                                  The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the
                                  effective date of the modification, considering any received or receivable rental receipts
                                  relating to the original lease as part of the lease receipts for the new lease.

         30.      Discontinued operation

                  Discontinued operation refers to a component of the Group that meets one of the following conditions,
                  that can be separately distinguishable, and that has been disposed of or classified as held for sale:
                  (1) the component represents a separate principal business or a separate principal operating area;
                  (2) the component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposal of a separate principal business
                  or a separate principal operating area; and (3) the component is a subsidiary that has been acquired
                  exclusively for the purpose of resale.

                  In the income statement, the Group has added the items of “net profit from continuing operations” and
                  “net profit from discontinued operations” under the item of “net profit” in the income statement to
                  reflect the profit or loss from continuing operations and profit or loss from discontinued operations,
                  respectively, on a net after-tax basis. Profit or loss from discontinued operations shall be presented as
                  profit or loss from discontinued operations, and the profit or loss from discontinued operations shall
                  be presented for the entire reporting period, not only for the reporting period after being recognised as
                  discontinued operations.

         31.      Fair value measurement

                  The Group measures investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity instrument
                  investments at fair value on each balance sheet date. Fair value refers to the price that a market
                  participant would receive from selling an asset or pay for transferring a liability in an orderly
                  transaction occurring on the measurement date.

                  Assets and liabilities that are measured or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements are
                  identified within the fair value levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                  value measurement as a whole: Level 1 inputs consist of unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                  for identical assets or liabilities that are available on the measurement date. Level 2 inputs are
                  quoted prices for the asset or liability (other than those included in Level 1) that are either directly or
                  indirectly observable. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs to the related assets or liabilities.




156    Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       32.   Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates

             (1)     Changes in critical accounting policies

                     On 30 November 2022, the Ministry of Finance promulgated the “Notice on the Issuance of
                     Interpretation No. 16 of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” (Cai Kuai [2022]
                     No. 31), which stipulates that the accounting treatment for deferred income taxes related to assets
                     and liabilities arising from single transactions shall not be subject to the exemption from initial
                     recognition, and that the accounting treatment, which came into effect as of 1 January 2023.

                     Notes on the names and amounts of the statement items that are materially affected:

                                                                          1 January 2023 (January to December 2022)
                                                                              Before                                    After
                     Affected items                                       adjustment         Adjustment           adjustment

                     Total assets                                   55,375,550,868.66          317,574.67 55,375,868,443.33
                     Including: Deferred tax assets                    984,167,504.03          317,574.67   984,485,078.70
                     Total shareholders’ equity                     16,278,765,031.24          317,574.67 16,279,082,605.91
                     Including: Undistributed profits                7,248,124,550.56          116,160.71 7,248,240,711.27
                                Minority interests                   4,760,507,749.70          201,413.96 4,760,709,163.66
                     Net profit                                      3,069,234,330.39          174,730.31 3,069,409,060.70
                     Including: Income tax expenses                    754,575,397.82         -174,730.31   754,400,667.51
                     Profit and loss of minority interests           1,634,329,955.55          110,889.31 1,634,440,844.86

             (2)     Changes in critical accounting estimates

                     None.

IV.    TAXATION

       1.    The main types and rates of taxes

             Type of taxes               Tax basis                                   Tax rate

             Value-added tax             Output value-added tax is computed at       13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%
                                           13%, 9%, 6%, 5% and 3% of taxable
                                           income. Value-added tax is computed
                                           on the difference after deduction of
                                           input value-added tax. Input value-
                                           added tax is not deductible for value-
                                           added tax to which simple collection
                                           method is applicable.
             City maintenance and        Turnover tax payable                        5%, 7%
               construction tax
             Education surcharges        Turnover tax payable                        3%
             Enterprise income tax       Taxable income                              25%/for details, please see the table
                                                                                       below

             Note:   The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are
                     located.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   157
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        1.       The main types and rates of taxes (continued)

                 Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

                 Name of tax payer                                                                   Income tax rate

                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                           15.00%
                 Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
                 Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                               15.00%
                 Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                           15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
                 Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                        15.00%
                 Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                    15.00%
                 Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                            15.00%
                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd.                                                15.00%
                 Foshan Hisense Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                    20.00%
                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                     15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                   15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                              15.00%
                 Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited                                          15.00%
                 Kelon International Incorporation (KII)                                                 8.25%/16.5%
                 Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                  16.50%
                 Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  16.50%
                 Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                          16.50%
                 Hisense Mould (Deutschland) GmbH                                                             15.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                           30.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                     30.00%
                 Sanden Corporation                                                                           30.50%
                 SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                                                           30.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                                                           28.00%
                 SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                                                                    35.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                                                     30.00%
                 Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                               15.00%
                 Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                 5%-34%

        2.       Tax preferences

                 On 28 December 2023, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                 Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344003724, with
                 an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
                 Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
                 of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
                 exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
                 rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 On 28 December 2023, Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
                 the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002886, with an effective period
                 of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
                 Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
                 procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                 2023, 2024 and 2025.




158   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.   TAXATION (continued)

      2.     Tax preferences (continued)

             On 9 November 2023, Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
             Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101305, with an effective period of
             three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
             Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
             Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
             competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

             On 9 November 2023, Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
             the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101226, with an effective period
             of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
             Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
             Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
             competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

             On 9 November 2023, Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
             Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337100712, with an effective period of
             three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
             Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
             Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
             competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

             On 19 December 2022, Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
             Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244002710, with
             an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
             Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
             of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
             exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
             rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

             On 19 December 2022, Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
             received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244004440, with an effective
             period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
             Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2022, 2023 and 2024.

             On 12 December 2022, Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
             Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202232015499, with an
             effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Jiangsu Provincial Department of Science
             and Technology, Jiangsu Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Jiangsu Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2022, 2023 and 2024.

             On 20 December 2021, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
             received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202144001612, with an effective
             period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
             Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2021, 2022 and 2023.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   159
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        2.       Tax preferences (continued)

                 Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, meets the identification
                 standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12: engaging in
                 industries not restricted or prohibited by the state and meeting the annual taxable income of no more
                 than RMB3 million, the number of employees of no more than 300, and total assets of not exceeding
                 RMB50 million; according to the relevant tax preferences for small and micro-sized enterprises, the
                 taxable income was calculated according to 25%, and the enterprise income tax was paid at the rate of
                 20% in 2023.

                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, belongs to an encouraged
                 industrial enterprise located in the western region. In accordance with relevant provisions of the
                 Announcement [2020] No. 23 of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and
                 the National Development and Reform Commission on Continuing the Enterprise Income Tax Policies
                 for the Large-Scale Development of Western China, the applicable enterprises income tax rate for this
                 subsidiary is 15% from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2030.

                 On 14 December 2021, Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
                 the Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202137101914, with
                 an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science
                 and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
                 procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                 2021, 2022 and 2023.

                 O n 4 N o v e m b e r 2021, Q i n g d a o H i s e n s e C o m m e r c i a l C o l d C h a i n C o., L t d., a s u b s i d i a r y o f t h e
                 Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202137100462, with an
                 effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and
                 Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao
                 Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures
                 with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2021, 2022
                 and 2023.

                 On 28 December 2023, Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited, a subsidiary of the
                 Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002235, with
                 an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
                 Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
                 of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
                 exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
                 rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 The subsidiaries of the Company which were incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to an enterprise
                 income tax on the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following
                 rates: ① for KII: a rate of 8.25% is applied to the part which does not exceed HK$2,000,000, while a
                 rate of 16.5% is applied to the part which exceeds HK$2,000,000; ② for other Hong Kong subsidiaries:
                 a rate of 16.5% is applied to all of them (the income tax rate in 2023 is all 16.5%).

        3.       Other tax preferences

                 In accordance with relevant provisions of the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                 Administration of Taxation on Value-added Tax Policies for Software Products (Cai Shui [2011] No.
                 100), the subsidiaries of the Company, including Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.,
                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.,
                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-
                 Conditioner Co., Ltd., Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning
                 Systems Co., Ltd., will enjoy the tax incentives of immediate collection and refund for the portion of
                 the embedded software products with the actual VAT burden of more than 3%.



160   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      For the following disclosed financial statement data, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the
      balance as at 1 January 2023; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 31 December 2023. “Current
      Year” refers to the period from 1 January to 31 December 2023; “Last Year” refers to the period from 1
      January to 31 December 2022. The currency is denominated in RMB.

      1.     Cash at bank and on hand

             Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

             Cash on hand                                                             151,362.17            716,500.30
             Bank deposits                                                      1,242,044,709.82        904,217,465.51
             Other cash at bank and on hand                                     1,749,212,727.81        475,456,593.46
             Deposit in financial company                                       1,947,864,398.82      4,620,904,868.10
             Including: Bank deposits                                           1,612,090,951.28      1,564,578,049.80
                        Other cash at bank and on hand                            335,773,447.54      3,056,326,818.30

             Total                                                              4,939,273,198.62      6,001,295,427.37

             Including: Total amount deposited overseas                           937,552,504.07        610,462,587.09


             Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

             Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

             Security deposit for setting up bank acceptance notes              2,011,488,962.44      3,476,294,153.37
             Other security deposit                                                50,643,835.64         46,655,198.60

             Total                                                              2,062,132,798.08      3,522,949,351.97


      2.     Transactional financial assets

             Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            13,192,025,535.87       6,758,233,998.86
             Including: Derivative financial instruments                           4,285,180.76          21,039,135.56
                        Wealth management products                            13,187,740,355.11       6,737,194,863.30

             Total                                                            13,192,025,535.87       6,758,233,998.86


             Notes to transactional financial assets:

             The Group did not have high-risk entrusted wealth management, and no any circumstances indicating
             the possibility that the principal of the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other
             circumstances that might lead to impairment of the Group’s entrusted wealth management. For details
             of fair value, please refer to Note XI.1. Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at
             the end of the year.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   161
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable

                (1)        As shown by classification of notes receivable

                           Item                                                                    Closing balance             Opening balance

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                     165,995,198.60                   62,225,000.00
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                               575,627,374.90                   81,963,330.26

                           Total                                                                     741,622,573.50                  144,188,330.26


                           Notes to notes receivable: notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection)
                           were presented as notes receivable by the Group, and notes receivable for collecting contractual
                           cash flows (for collection) and selling of these notes (endorsed or discounted) were presented as
                           receivable financing by the Group.

                (2)        As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                Closing balance
                                                                          Book value                Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                   Amount              %           Amount                   %       Carrying amount

                           Separate provision for bad debts
                           Provision for bad debts on a group
                             basis                              742,123,337.77         100.00      500,764.27                 0.07       741,622,573.50
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes                165,995,198.60          22.37                                            165,995,198.60
                           Commercial acceptance notes          576,128,139.17          77.63      500,764.27                 0.09       575,627,374.90

                           Total                                742,123,337.77         100.00      500,764.27                 0.07       741,622,573.50




162   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      3.     Notes receivable (continued)

             (2)   As shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    (continued)

                                                                                         Opening balance
                                                                   Book value                Provision for bad debts
                    Category                                   Amount              %           Amount                     %    Carrying amount

                    Separate provision for bad debts
                    Provision for bad debts on a group
                      basis                              144,680,985.53         100.00       492,655.27                 0.34      144,188,330.26
                    Including:
                    Bank acceptance notes                 62,225,000.00          43.01                                             62,225,000.00
                    Commercial acceptance notes           82,455,985.53          56.99       492,655.27                 0.60       81,963,330.26

                    Total                                144,680,985.53         100.00       492,655.27                 0.34      144,188,330.26


                    1)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for bank acceptance notes

                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                      Provision for
                               Item                                                Book value            bad debts                           %

                               Acceptor being a bank with low
                                 credit risk                                    165,995,198.60

                               Total                                            165,995,198.60                                                –


                    2)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for commercial acceptance notes

                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                      Provision for
                               Item                                                Book value            bad debts                           %

                               Acceptor being a related party company           545,895,594.81
                               Acceptor being other types of company             30,232,544.36             500,764.27                       1.66

                               Total                                            576,128,139.17             500,764.27                         –




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   163
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable (continued)

                (3)        Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                           current year

                                                                                     Changes during the year
                                                               Opening                       Recoveries                           Closing
                           Category                            balance        Provision      or reversal       Write-off          balance

                           Commercial acceptance notes       492,655.27      518,103.08      509,994.08                        500,764.27

                           Total                             492,655.27      518,103.08      509,994.08                        500,764.27


                (4)        Notes receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                    Pledged amount
                                                                                                                          at the end
                           Item                                                                                          of the year

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                                      165,995,198.60

                           Total                                                                                      165,995,198.60


                           Note:   For details of pledges, please refer to Note V. 24. Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of
                                   use.


                (5)        Notes receivables endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                           balance sheet date

                                                                                                     Amount                 Amount
                                                                                                derecognised       not derecognised
                                                                                                   at the end             at the end
                           Item                                                                   of the year            of the year

                           Bank acceptance notes
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                                                     82,390,636.93

                           Total                                                                                           82,390,636.93


                (6)        Notes receivable written-off during the year

                           There was no notes receivable written-off during the year.




164   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      4.     Accounts receivable

             (1)   Accounts receivable by ageing

                                                                                                Book value                   Book value
                                                                                                   as at the                    as at the
                                                                                                        end                   beginning
                    Ageing                                                                      of the year                  of the year

                    Within three months                                                  8,330,628,047.85             6,536,005,628.49
                    Over three months but within six months                                433,307,441.27               447,891,643.76
                    Over six months but within one year                                    246,354,515.38               520,314,101.55
                    Over one year                                                          527,815,292.00               471,721,042.96

                    Total                                                                9,538,105,296.50             7,975,932,416.76


             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                             Book value                  Provision for bad debts
                    Category                             Amount              %             Amount                     %     Carrying amount

                    Accounts receivable for
                      which provision for bad
                      debts is separately made     97,304,043.14            1.02     97,304,043.14                 100.00
                    Accounts receivable for
                      which provision for bad
                      debts is made on
                      a group basis              9,440,801,253.36          98.98    215,479,371.29                   2.28   9,225,321,882.07
                    Including:
                    Aging analysis method        1,505,237,529.67          15.78    132,000,437.65                   8.77   1,373,237,092.02
                    Receivables from related
                      parties                    5,682,941,225.24          59.58     21,281,661.78                   0.37   5,661,659,563.46
                    Other amount                 2,252,622,498.45          23.62     62,197,271.86                   2.76   2,190,425,226.59

                    Total                        9,538,105,296.50         100.00    312,783,414.43                   3.28   9,225,321,882.07




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   165
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                              Book value                          Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                      Amount                    %                  Amount                      %      Carrying amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is
                            separately made                        84,543,983.28                  1.06           84,543,983.28             100.00
                           Accounts receivable for which
                            provision for bad debts is made
                            on a group basis                    7,891,388,433.48                 98.94       225,686,133.57                      2.86     7,665,702,299.91
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method                1,689,953,878.88                 21.19       133,906,891.31                      7.92     1,556,046,987.57
                           Receivables from related parties     3,826,829,100.36                 47.98            4,275,612.89                   0.11     3,822,553,487.47
                           Other amount                         2,374,605,454.24                 29.77           87,503,629.37                   3.68     2,287,101,824.87


                           Total                                7,975,932,416.76                100.00       310,230,116.85                      3.89     7,665,702,299.91


                           1)         Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                                     Opening balance                                           Closing balance
                                                                                Provision for                       Provision for
                                      Item                      Book value         bad debts       Book value          bad debts                  %     Reasons for provision

                                      Domestic customers      84,543,983.28     84,543,983.28    97,304,043.14     97,304,043.14           100.00 Expected to be difficult
                                                                                                                                                        to recover in full

                                      Total                   84,543,983.28     84,543,983.28    97,304,043.14     97,304,043.14                   –                       –


                           2)         Among the group, accounts receivable for which provision for bad debts is made by
                                      aging analysis method:

                                                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                                                             Provision for
                                      Ageing                                                       Book value                   bad debts                                %

                                      Within three months                     1,362,079,885.22                              2,724,032.65                             0.20
                                      Over three months but within six months    13,713,250.92                              1,371,325.10                            10.00
                                      Over six months but within one year         3,078,627.27                              1,539,313.64                            50.00
                                      Over one year                             126,365,766.26                            126,365,766.26                           100.00

                                      Total                                                1,505,237,529.67               132,000,437.65                               8.77


                                      Note:     This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and the
                                                provision for bad debts is made based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.



166   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      4.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    3)         Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by receivables
                               from related parties:

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                         Provision for
                               Ageing                                                 Book value            bad debts                       %

                               Within one year                                 5,661,659,563.46
                               Over one year                                      21,281,661.78         21,281,661.78                  100.00

                               Total                                           5,682,941,225.24         21,281,661.78                      0.37


                    4)         Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by other
                               amount:

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                         Provision for
                               Category                                               Book value            bad debts                       %

                               Other amount                                    2,252,622,498.45         62,197,271.86                      2.76

                               Total                                           2,252,622,498.45         62,197,271.86                      2.76


             (3)   Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in
                   the current year

                                                                                       Changes during the year
                                                            Opening                    Recoveries                      Exchange        Closing
                    Category                                balance       Provision   or reversals     Write-off    rate changes       balance

                    Separate provision                  84,543,983.28 12,760,059.86                                              97,304,043.14
                    Aging analysis method              133,906,891.31 7,799,732.02 7,073,265.63      2,632,920.05               132,000,437.65
                    Receivables from related parties     4,275,612.89 17,022,894.78     4,820.61                     -12,025.28 21,281,661.78
                    Other amount                        87,503,629.37 3,844,574.35 39,323,579.84     3,317,706.21 13,490,354.19 62,197,271.86

                    Total                              310,230,116.85 41,427,261.01 46,401,666.08    5,950,626.26 13,478,328.91 312,783,414.43


                    Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the year.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   167
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (4)        Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                                                                                                                                                    Written-off
                           Item                                                                                                                        amount

                           Accounts receivable written-off                                                                                     5,950,626.26


                           Note:       The Group has no significant accounts receivable written-off during the year.


                (5)        Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors and contract assets

                           The total top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                           RMB5,095,295,236.09, accounting for 53.42% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                           provision for bad debts of RMB14,029,432.19 in total was made as at the end of the year.

        5.       Contract assets

                (1)        Contract assets

                                                                              Closing balance                                     Opening balance
                                                                                Provision for       Carrying                        Provision for         Carrying
                           Item                                 Book value         bad debts         amount          Book value        bad debts           amount

                           Guarantee                          41,049,130.53     5,170,821.71    35,878,308.82   10,729,193.43        3,810,825.36      6,918,368.07

                           Total                              41,049,130.53     5,170,821.71    35,878,308.82   10,729,193.43        3,810,825.36      6,918,368.07


                (2)        Contract assets by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                 Closing balance
                                                                   Book value                            Provision for bad debts
                           Category                            Amount                       %              Amount                        %     Carrying amount

                           Contract assets for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is separately made
                           Contract assets for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is made on a group
                             basis                        41,049,130.53                100.00         5,170,821.71                   12.60           35,878,308.82
                           Including:
                           Guarantee                      41,049,130.53                100.00         5,170,821.71                   12.60           35,878,308.82

                           Total                          41,049,130.53                100.00         5,170,821.71                   12.60           35,878,308.82




168   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      5.     Contract assets (continued)

             (2)   Contract assets by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    (continued)

                                                                                      Opening balance
                                                         Book value                         Provision for bad debts
                    Category                         Amount                   %               Amount                      %   Carrying amount

                    Contract assets for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is separately made
                    Contract assets for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is made on a group
                      basis                     10,729,193.43              100.00         3,810,825.36                35.52        6,918,368.07
                    Including:
                    Guarantee                   10,729,193.43              100.00         3,810,825.36                35.52        6,918,368.07

                    Total                       10,729,193.43              100.00         3,810,825.36                35.52        6,918,368.07


                    1)         Contract assets for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                         Provision for
                               Item                                                 Book value              bad debts                        %

                               Guarantee                                       41,049,130.53             5,170,821.71                      12.60

                               Total                                           41,049,130.53             5,170,821.71                         –


             (3)   Provision for bad debts of contract assets that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                   current year

                                                              Provision                Reversal            Written-off
                    Item                                    for the year            for the year           for the year                Reason

                    Guarantee                              1,928,968.31              568,971.96

                    Total                                  1,928,968.31              568,971.96                                                –




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023    169
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        5.       Contract assets (continued)

                (4)        Contract assets written-off for the year

                           There were no contract assets written-off for the year.

        6.       Factoring of accounts receivable

                (1)        Factoring of accounts receivable by category

                           Item                                                                   Closing balance          Opening balance

                           Bank acceptance notes                                                 4,643,427,583.77          4,817,127,421.42
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                                                       255,832,049.34

                           Total                                                                 4,643,427,583.77          5,072,959,470.76


                           Note:      For details on the fair value, please refer to Note 11. (1) Fair value of assets and liabilities measured
                                      at fair value as at the end of the year.


                (2)        Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                   Book value                    Provision for bad debts
                           Category                            Amount                 %            Amount                  %   Carrying amount

                           Factoring of accounts
                             receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is separately made
                           Factoring of accounts
                             receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is made on a group
                             basis                     4,643,427,583.77           100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes       4,643,427,583.77           100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77

                           Total                       4,643,427,583.77           100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77




170   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      6.     Factoring of accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)   Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    (continued)

                                                                                  Opening balance
                                                            Book value                  Provision for bad debts
                    Category                            Amount              %             Amount                     %    Carrying amount

                    Factoring of accounts
                      receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is separately made
                    Factoring of accounts
                      receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is made on a group
                      basis                     5,072,959,470.76         100.00                                            5,072,959,470.76
                    Including:
                    Bank acceptance notes       4,817,127,421.42          94.96                                            4,817,127,421.42
                    Commercial acceptance
                      notes                      255,832,049.34            5.04                                              255,832,049.34

                    Total                       5,072,959,470.76         100.00                                            5,072,959,470.76


             (3)   Factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                    There was no factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year

             (4)   Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                   balance sheet date

                                                                                                 Amount                      Amount
                                                                                            derecognised            not derecognised
                                                                                               at the end                  at the end
                    Item                                                                      of the year                 of the year

                    Bank acceptance notes                                               5,946,576,428.69

                    Total                                                               5,946,576,428.69


             (5)   Factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year

                    There was no factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   171
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        7.       Other receivables

                 Item                                                              Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Dividends receivable                                                    89,630.21       152,634,355.75
                 Other receivables                                                  145,714,495.24       322,399,984.85

                 Total                                                              145,804,125.45       475,034,340.60


        7.1      Dividends receivable

                (1)        Classification of dividends receivable

                           Investee                                                Closing balance     Opening balance

                           SANPAK ENGINEERING INDUSTRIES                                  89,630.21
                           Huayu Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                  152,634,355.75

                           Total                                                          89,630.21      152,634,355.75


                (2)        At the end of the year, the Group did not have any significant amount of dividends receivable
                           aged over 1 year.

        7.2      Other receivables

                (1)        Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                        Book value          Book value
                                                                                           as at the           as at the
                                                                                                end          beginning
                           Nature of the amount                                         of the year         of the year

                           Security deposit                                          92,707,932.31       108,282,510.45
                           Refund of tax for exports                                  6,920,930.95        88,528,435.69
                           Other current account                                    181,056,905.05       277,592,801.28

                           Total                                                    280,685,768.31       474,403,747.42




172   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      7.2    Other receivables (continued)

             (2)   Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                                            Book value
                                                                                                                          as at the end
                    Ageing                                                                                                  of the year

                    Within three months                                                                                  118,165,891.96
                    Over three months but within six months                                                                8,099,834.14
                    Over six months but within one year                                                                    7,981,343.89
                    Over one year                                                                                        146,438,698.32

                    Total                                                                                                280,685,768.31


             (3)   Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                        First stage         Second stage            Third stage
                                                                              Expected credit        Expected credit
                                                        Expected credit    loss in the lifetime   loss in the lifetime
                                                        loss in the next       (without credit            (with credit
                    Provision for bad debts                   12 months           impairment)            impairment)                    Total

                    Balance as at 1 January 2023          46,192,685.88         30,906,760.01          74,904,316.68          152,003,762.57
                    During the year, the book balance
                       of other receivables as at 1
                       January 2023                                   –                     –                       –                      –
                    – transferred to second stage        -40,434,656.88         40,434,656.88
                    – transferred to third stage
                    – reversed to second stage
                    – reversed to first stage
                    Provision for the year                   976,498.40         52,382,147.84                                  53,358,646.24
                    Reversal for the year                  5,188,929.04                                                         5,188,929.04
                    Written-off for the year
                    Charge off for the year                                      1,985,636.77          63,734,955.36           65,720,592.13
                    Other changes                             30,849.25            487,536.18                                     518,385.43
                    Balance as at 31 December 2023         1,576,447.61        122,225,464.14          11,169,361.32          134,971,273.07


                    Note 1: The amount of other changes arises from the translation of the amount of provision for bad debts
                            in the foreign currency statements of foreign subsidiaries using spot exchange rates at the balance
                            sheet date.


                    Note 2: Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                            since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the
                            expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   173
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        7.2      Other receivables (continued)

                (4)        Provision for bad debts of other receivables that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                           current year

                                                                                                          Changes during the year
                                                                          Opening                         Recoveries                         Exchange             Closing
                           Category                                       balance       Provision        or reversals        Write-off    rate changes            balance

                           Separate provision                         58,030,000.00                                      58,030,000.00
                           Aging analysis method                      75,195,403.14 24,535,095.70        2,957,648.94     7,690,592.13       30,849.25 89,113,107.02
                           Receivables from related parties            1,002,664.56 23,972,007.25          592,343.58                      -827,128.31 23,555,199.92
                           Other amount                               17,775,694.87 4,851,543.29         1,638,936.52                     1,314,664.49 22,302,966.13

                           Total                                  152,003,762.57 53,358,646.24           5,188,929.04 65,720,592.13         518,385.43 134,971,273.07


                           Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the year.


                (5)        Other receivables written-off during the year

                           Item                                                                                                             Written-off amount

                           Other receivables written-off                                                                                                 65,720,592.13


                           Note:      The Group has no significant other receivables written off during the year.


                (6)        Top five other receivables by balance of debtors as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                                          Percentage
                                                                                                                                      of total closing      Closing balance
                                                                                                                                     balance of other          of provision
                           No.            Nature of the amount                         Closing balance                     Ageing    receivables (%)          for bad debts

                           No. 1          Security deposit                               45,000,000.00               Over one year              16.03         45,000,000.00
                           No. 2          Other current accounts                          7,500,000.00               Over one year               2.67          7,500,000.00
                           No. 3          Refund of tax for exports                       5,537,964.50         Within three months               1.97
                           No. 4          Other current accounts                          5,818,588.94         Within three months               2.07
                           No. 5          Security deposit                                4,200,000.00         Within three months               1.50

                           Total          –                                              68,056,553.44                          –               24.24         52,500,000.00




174   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      8.     Prepayments

             (1)   Ageing of prepayments

                                                           Closing balance                      Opening balance
                    Item                                 Amount                   %            Amount                      %

                    Within one year                386,713,010.82              99.40     257,754,590.89                  98.21
                    Over one year                    2,353,263.34               0.60       4,689,384.67                   1.79

                    Total                          389,066,274.16             100.00     262,443,975.56              100.00


                    The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with ageing of over one year as at the end
                    of the period.

             (2)   Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                    During the Year, the total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted
                    to RMB218,684,960.17, accounting for 56.21% of total closing balance of prepayments.

      9.     Inventories

             (1)   Classification of inventories

                                                                                       Closing balance
                                                                                             Provision
                                                                                           for declines           Carrying
                    Item                                                 Book value            in value            amount

                    Raw materials                                   1,299,765,277.95     32,551,279.20 1,267,213,998.75
                    Works in progress                                 705,502,423.53      6,035,772.16   699,466,651.37
                    Finished goods                                  4,863,238,690.81     55,315,902.93 4,807,922,787.88

                    Total                                           6,868,506,392.29     93,902,954.29 6,774,603,438.00


                    (continued)

                                                                                       Opening balance
                                                                                             Provision
                                                                                           for declines           Carrying
                    Item                                                 Book value            in value            amount

                    Raw materials                                   1,333,153,151.93     35,133,945.83 1,298,019,206.10
                    Works in progress                                 729,409,203.90      6,197,076.20   723,212,127.70
                    Finished goods                                  4,605,205,146.85     73,601,045.11 4,531,604,101.74

                    Total                                           6,667,767,502.68    114,932,067.14 6,552,835,435.54




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023    175
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        9.       Inventories (continued)

                (2)        Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                          Increase for the year                   Decrease for the year
                                                                                                               Reversed or          Exchange
                           Item                    Opening balance      Provision                 Others        written-off      rate changes    Closing balance

                           Raw materials             35,133,945.83    5,102,506.69                             7,995,535.41        -310,362.09     32,551,279.20
                           Works in progress          6,197,076.20    5,283,728.45                             5,252,464.24         192,568.25      6,035,772.16
                           Finished goods            73,601,045.11   57,147,650.00                            75,156,030.06         276,762.12     55,315,902.93

                           Total                    114,932,067.14   67,533,885.14                            88,404,029.71        158,968.28      93,902,954.29


                (3)        Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or
                           write-off during the year

                                                                                                             Reasons for the write-off of
                                                       Basis of the provision for                            provision for declines in value
                           Item                        declines in value of inventories                      of inventories during the year

                           Raw materials               The lower of the cost and net                         Removal due to sales and
                           Works in progress             realizable value                                      consumption for production
                           Finished goods

        10.      Non-current assets due within one year

                 Item                                                                                      Closing balance            Opening balance

                 Time deposits due within one year                                                     3,641,708,361.11                   1,986,840,000.00

                 Total                                                                                 3,641,708,361.11                   1,986,840,000.00


        11.      Other current assets

                 Item                                                                                      Closing balance            Opening balance

                 Time deposits and interest                                                                 428,942,015.90                 864,357,351.72
                 Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                             773,825,888.41                 673,725,104.02
                 Prepaid expenses and others                                                                208,420,295.59                 164,655,734.25

                 Total                                                                                 1,411,188,199.90                   1,702,738,189.99


                 Note:     Time deposits maturing within one year held by the Group for investment are presented under other current
                           assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




176   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (continued)

                12.             Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                         Change for the year
                                                                                                         Gains or
                                                                                                      losses from
                                       Opening           Opening                                      investment Adjustment                          Declaration      Provision                       Closing           Closing
                                        balance        balance of                                      recognised      for other                         of cash            for                       balance        balance of
                                      (Carrying      provision for      Additional     Decrease in   using equity comprehensive Other change           dividend     impairment       Exchange       (Carrying      provision for
Investee                               amount)        impairment        investment     investment         method         income     in equity          or profit          made    rate changes       amount)        impairment

I. Joint ventures
   Hisense Marketing
     Management Co., Ltd.           51,737,850.74                                                     -2,028,893.94                                                                                49,708,956.80
   Qingdao Hisense Global
     Asia Holding Co., Ltd.                                           159,150,000.00                    -194,362.50   -134,485.11 -134,777,028.75                                                  24,044,123.64
   Subtotal                         51,737,850.74                     159,150,000.00                  -2,223,256.44   -134,485.11 -134,777,028.75                                                  73,753,080.44

II. Associates
    Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
      Holdings Co., Ltd.           391,512,863.29                                                     15,082,906.79                                                                              406,595,770.08
    Hisense International
      Co., Ltd.                    136,533,516.26                                                     85,958,498.32   3,341,243.12      196,562.94 33,337,400.00                                 192,692,420.64
    Associates of Sanden
      Corporation                   938,556,326.44                                                   224,903,064.17     497,267.44                 161,281,007.49                 -4,351,804.26 998,323,846.30
    Subtotal                      1,466,602,705.99                                                   325,944,469.28   3,838,510.56      196,562.94 194,618,407.49                 -4,351,804.26 1,597,612,037.02

III. Others
     Jiangxi Kelon Combine
        Electrical Appliances
        Co., Ltd.                                     11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                 11,000,000.00
     Subtotal                                         11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                 11,000,000.00

Total                             1,518,340,556.73 11,000,000.00 159,150,000.00                      323,721,212.84   3,704,025.45 -134,580,465.81 194,618,407.49                 -4,351,804.26 1,671,365,117.46 11,000,000.00


                                Notes: (1)               As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has
                                                         been declared in liquidation, it has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and
                                                         impairment has been fully provided for the investment cost.
                                          (2)            Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly Qingdao Hisense Financial Holdings Co.,
                                                         Ltd.) is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.
                                          (3)            Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Global Asia
                                                         Holding”.
                                          (4)            H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d. i s h e r e i n a f t e r r e f e r r e d t o a s “H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g
                                                         Management”.
                                          (5)            Hisense International Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.
                                          (6)            As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were
                                                         unlisted companies.




                                                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023              177
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        12.      Long-term equity investments (continued)

                 Including:

                 Item                                                    Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Unlisted investments:
                 Equity method                                           1,671,365,117.46   1,518,340,556.73
                 Including: Joint ventures                                  73,753,080.44      51,737,850.74
                 Associates                                              1,597,612,037.02   1,466,602,705.99

                 Total                                                   1,671,365,117.46   1,518,340,556.73


        13.      Other equity investment

                (1)        Other equity investment

                           Item                                          Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Non-trading equity investments                  40,244,766.96      36,399,028.71

                           Total                                           40,244,766.96      36,399,028.71


        14.      Other non-current financial assets

                 Item                                                    Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     27,197,809.69      25,748,931.39

                 Total                                                     27,197,809.69      25,748,931.39




178   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      15.    Investment properties

             (1)   Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                    Buildings
                    Item                                       and structures             Lands                Total

                    I.   Original carrying amount
                    1.   Opening balance                       272,561,387.36     41,666,850.83    314,228,238.19
                    2.   Increase for the year                                     1,770,468.00      1,770,468.00
                    (1)  Transfer from intangible assets                           1,770,468.00      1,770,468.00
                    3.   Decrease for the year                   3,418,200.05      5,513,247.83      8,931,447.88
                    (1)  Disposal for the year                     782,588.19                          782,588.19
                    (2)  Exchange rate changes                   2,635,611.86      5,513,247.83      8,148,859.69
                    4.   Closing balance                       269,143,187.31     37,924,071.00    307,067,258.31
                    II.  Accumulated depreciation and
                         accumulated amortisation
                    1. Opening balance                         105,511,832.00                      105,511,832.00
                    2. Increase for the year                    24,264,196.86        681,641.00     24,945,837.86
                    (1) Provision or amortisation               24,264,196.86         24,535.00     24,288,731.86
                    (2) Transfer from intangible assets                              657,106.00        657,106.00
                    3. Decrease for the year                     1,373,134.85                        1,373,134.85
                    (1) Exchange rate changes                    1,373,134.85                        1,373,134.85
                    4. Closing balance                         128,402,894.01        681,641.00    129,084,535.01
                    III. Provision for impairment
                    1. Opening balance
                    2. Increase for the year
                    3. Decrease for the year
                    4. Closing balance
                    IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Carrying amount as at the end of the
                         year                                  140,740,293.30     37,242,430.00    177,982,723.30
                    2. Carrying amount as at the beginning
                         of the year                           167,049,555.36     41,666,850.83    208,716,406.19


             (2)   Investment properties without ownership certificates

                    Item                 Carrying amount Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                    Mee King Building           689,725.19 Due to historical reasons; in the process of
                                                            application




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   179
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        16.      Fixed assets

                                                                                                                                Closing                           Opening
                 Item                                                                                                  carrying amount                    carrying amount

                 Fixed assets                                                                                           5,662,566,792.19                   5,317,673,134.03
                 Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                     345,709.84                         601,686.53


                 Total                                                                                                  5,662,912,502.03                   5,318,274,820.56


                 16.1      Fixed assets

                           (1)   Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                            Electronic
                                                                                                                                           equipment,
                                                                                                     Buildings and   Machinery and          appliances   Transportation
                                 Item                                                     Lands         structures      equipment        and furniture       equipment              Total

                                 I.   Original carrying amount
                                 1.   Opening balance                              301,471,043.71 3,898,186,333.64 4,871,545,780.05 3,357,313,876.06      55,366,087.13 12,483,883,120.59
                                 2.   Increase for the year                         25,662,844.37 115,218,416.63 940,765,099.06 334,993,881.82            29,735,171.34 1,446,375,413.22
                                      (1) Additions                                                  40,014,286.95 184,937,743.65      96,316,665.04      18,740,114.20 340,008,809.84
                                      (2) Transfer from construction in progress                     75,204,129.68 755,827,355.41 238,677,216.78          10,995,057.14 1,080,703,759.01
                                      (3) Exchange rate changes                     25,662,844.37                                                                           25,662,844.37
                                 3. Decrease for the year                                            23,250,393.56 242,694,226.73 195,634,719.22           6,968,957.59 468,548,297.10
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                                     19,212,894.07 232,167,720.41 188,300,051.11           6,774,837.55 446,455,503.14
                                      (2) Exchange rate changes                                       4,037,499.49    10,526,506.32     7,334,668.11         194,120.04     22,092,793.96
                                 4. Closing balance                                327,133,888.08 3,990,154,356.71 5,569,616,652.38 3,496,673,038.66      78,132,300.88 13,461,710,236.71
                                 II. Accumulated depreciation
                                 1. Opening balance                                                1,547,977,253.92 2,670,788,393.90 2,715,512,116.18     31,420,532.06 6,965,698,296.06
                                 2. Increase for the year                                            181,916,931.12 504,016,059.31 258,573,415.77          8,865,186.85 953,371,593.05
                                      (1) Provision                                                  181,916,931.12 504,016,059.31 258,573,415.77          8,865,186.85 953,371,593.05
                                 3. Decrease for the year                                             16,406,114.84 194,714,936.92 186,610,298.50          5,439,265.59 403,170,615.85
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                                      11,477,820.83 191,530,429.82 182,393,289.43          5,336,972.73 390,738,512.81
                                      (2) Exchange rate changes                                        4,928,294.01     3,184,507.10     4,217,009.07        102,292.86    12,432,103.04
                                 4. Closing balance                                                1,713,488,070.20 2,980,089,516.29 2,787,475,233.45     34,846,453.32 7,515,899,273.26
                                 III. Provision for impairment
                                 1. Opening balance                                                   9,076,269.26    142,189,286.99     48,836,772.16       409,362.09    200,511,690.50
                                 2. Increase for the year                                                              47,843,403.64     44,889,445.75         1,190.00     92,734,039.39
                                      (1) Provision                                                                    47,843,403.64     44,889,445.75         1,190.00     92,734,039.39
                                 3. Decrease for the year                                                               8,370,213.85      1,612,694.46        18,650.32     10,001,558.63
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                                                        6,378,648.39        110,030.42                       6,488,678.81
                                      (2) Exchange rate changes                                                         1,991,565.46      1,502,664.04        18,650.32      3,512,879.82
                                 4. Closing balance                                                   9,076,269.26    181,662,476.78     92,113,523.45       391,901.77    283,244,171.26
                                 IV. Carrying amount
                                 1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year      327,133,888.08 2,267,590,017.25 2,407,864,659.31     617,084,281.76    42,893,945.79 5,662,566,792.19
                                 2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the
                                      year                                         301,471,043.71 2,341,132,810.46 2,058,568,099.16     592,964,987.72    23,536,192.98 5,317,673,134.03




180   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      16.    Fixed assets (continued)

             16.1   Fixed assets (continued)

                    (2)   Fixed assets leased out under operating lease

                                                                                                                          Closing
                          Item                                                                                   carrying amount

                          Buildings and structures                                                                  123,550,835.91
                          Machinery and equipments, etc.                                                              4,695,126.92
                          Transportation equipment                                                                      145,710.96

                          Total                                                                                     128,391,673.79


                    (3)   Fixed assets without ownership certificates

                                                                  Reason for failure to obtain ownership
                          Item                    Carrying amount certificates

                          Buildings and              319,743,983.03 T r a n s f e r r e d t o f i x e d a s s e t s o n a c h i e v i n g
                            structures                                 scheduled availability and in the process of
                                                                       application for ownership certificates

                    (4)   Impairment test of fixed assets

                          The recoverable amount is determined as the net of fair value less disposal costs

                                                                              Carrying            Recoverable             Impairment
                          Item                                                 amount                 amount                 amount

                          Machinery and equipments                       57,572,000.85            9,728,597.21          47,843,403.64
                          Electronic equipment, appliances and
                            furniture                                    46,864,529.92            1,975,084.17          44,889,445.75
                          Transportation equipment                            1,940.00                  750.00               1,190.00

                          Total                                        104,438,470.77           11,704,431.38           92,734,039.39


                          The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of a fixed
                          asset for which there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and
                          recognised on an individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on
                          the basis of the market price in fair transactions, or where there is no active market
                          for the asset, the fair value of the asset is estimated on the basis of the best available
                          information. Disposal costs include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling fees
                          related to the disposal of assets and direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a
                          saleable condition. The Group determines the fair value mainly by reference to the
                          replacement cost and depreciation rate of equipment.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   181
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        16.      Fixed assets (continued)

                 16.2      Disposal of fixed assets

                           Item                                                                                      Closing balance            Opening balance

                           Disposal of fixed assets                                                                       345,709.84                       601,686.53

                           Total                                                                                          345,709.84                       601,686.53


        17.      Construction in progress

                 Item                                                                                                Closing balance            Opening balance

                 Construction in progress                                                                             443,523,694.21               525,171,610.80

                 Total                                                                                                443,523,694.21               525,171,610.80


                (1)        Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                                                 Closing balance                                        Opening balance
                                                                                     Impairment          Carrying                           Impairment           Carrying
                           Item                                    Book value          provision          amount          Book value          provision           amount

                           Air conditioning infrastructure
                             construction                           358,800.00                          358,800.00       3,220,211.80                         3,220,211.80
                           Refrigerator production line project   3,076,052.62                        3,076,052.62     260,161,490.98                       260,161,490.98
                           Staff apartment project              103,176,525.50                      103,176,525.50
                           Refrigerator production line
                             expansion project                   11,766,283.11                       11,766,283.11
                           Others                               373,076,538.74      47,930,505.76   325,146,032.98     296,891,339.52      35,101,431.50    261,789,908.02

                           Total                               491,454,199.97       47,930,505.76   443,523,694.21     560,273,042.30      35,101,431.50    525,171,610.80




182   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

             17.          Construction in progress (continued)

                         (2)           Changes in construction in progress during the year

                                                                              Decrease for the year
                                                                                                                                                     Accumulative
                                            Opening           Increase      Transferred                                                                contribution              Source
Name of construction                        balance       for the year    to fixed assets   Other decrease Closing balance               Budget      in budget (%)    Progress   of funding

Air-conditioning infrastructure           3,220,211.80                       2,861,411.80                            358,800.00    433,753,816.31             87.22 87.22        Self funding
  construction
Refrigerator production line project    260,161,490.98   119,225,849.44   345,214,203.57      31,097,084.23         3,076,052.62   767,677,318.00             88.35 88.35        Self funding
Staff apartment project                                  103,176,525.50                                           103,176,525.50   112,446,477.77             91.76 91.76        Self funding
Refrigerator production line                              11,766,283.11                                            11,766,283.11    30,518,000.00             38.56 38.56        Self funding
  expansion project
Others                                  296,891,339.52   810,140,238.87   732,628,143.64       1,326,896.01       373,076,538.74                                                 Self funding

Total                                   560,273,042.30 1,044,308,896.92 1,080,703,759.01      32,423,980.24       491,454,199.97


                                       Note:     All construction in progress of the Company were self-funded, without capitalisation of borrowing
                                                 cost and interest.


                         (3)           Provision for impairment of construction in progress during the year

                                                                                     Provision
                                       Item                                        for the year               Reason for provision

                                       Other projects                          14,384,623.14                  Recoverable amount is less than carrying amount

                                       Total                                   14,384,623.14                  –


                         (4)           Impairment testing of construction in progress

                                       Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                                                                                         Carrying              Recoverable                  Impairment
                                       Item                                                                               amount                   amount                      amount

                                       Other product line related assets                                          14,533,417.92                     148,794.78            14,384,623.14

                                       Total                                                                      14,533,417.92                     148,794.78            14,384,623.14


                                       The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of construction in
                                       progress for which there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and
                                       recognised on an individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of
                                       the market price in fair transactions, or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair
                                       value of the asset is estimated on the basis of the best available information. Disposal costs
                                       include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling fees related to the disposal of assets and
                                       direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a saleable condition. The Group determines the
                                       fair value mainly by reference to the replacement cost and depreciation rate of equipment.




                                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023    183
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        18.      Right-of-use assets

                                                                                         Machinery,
                                                                      Buildings and      equipment
                 Item                                                    structures      and others            Total

                 I.   Original carrying amount
                 1.   Opening balance                                 289,397,637.38   26,924,353.17   316,321,990.55
                 2.   Increase for the year                            40,728,416.88   20,697,729.82    61,426,146.70
                      (1) Rental                                       40,728,416.88   20,697,729.82    61,426,146.70
                 3. Decrease for the year                              30,141,588.68      495,844.43    30,637,433.11
                      (1) Disposal                                     28,251,537.94      355,015.25    28,606,553.19
                      (2) Exchange rate changes                         1,890,050.74      140,829.18     2,030,879.92
                 4. Closing balance                                   299,984,465.58   47,126,238.56   347,110,704.14
                 II. Accumulated depreciation
                 1. Opening balance                                   118,888,481.16   16,190,189.18   135,078,670.34
                 2. Increase for the year                              62,462,816.39    7,589,425.25    70,052,241.64
                      (1) Provision                                    62,462,816.39    7,589,425.25    70,052,241.64
                 3. Decrease for the year                              26,836,243.93      836,473.75    27,672,717.68
                      (1) Disposal                                     23,994,717.31      168,864.94    24,163,582.25
                      (2) Exchange rate changes                         2,841,526.62      667,608.81     3,509,135.43
                 4. Closing balance                                   154,515,053.62   22,943,140.68   177,458,194.30
                 III. Provision for impairment
                 1. Opening balance                                        51,258.48                       51,258.48
                 2. Increase for the year                                  -2,099.95     224,530.44       222,430.49
                      (1) Provision                                                      222,736.31       222,736.31
                      (2) Exchange rate changes                            -2,099.95       1,794.13          -305.82
                 3. Decrease for the year
                 4. Closing balance                                        49,158.53     224,530.44       273,688.97
                 IV. Carrying amount
                 1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         145,420,253.43   23,958,567.44   169,378,820.87
                 2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year   170,457,897.74   10,734,163.99   181,192,061.73




184   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      19.    Intangible assets

             (1)   Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                               Land       Trademark
                    Item                                  use rights          rights      Know-how      Sales channels          Others              Total

                    I.   Original carrying amount
                    1.   Opening balance            1,067,174,847.14   663,195,362.44   90,417,537.30   794,759,590.57   462,605,680.42   3,078,153,017.87
                    2.   Increase for the year            374,354.92                       729,833.25                     79,646,031.84      80,750,220.01
                         (1) Additions                                                     712,139.52                     79,646,031.84      80,358,171.36
                         (2) Exchange rate changes        374,354.92                        17,693.73                                           392,048.65
                    3. Decrease for the year            1,770,468.00     2,551,500.00                                     26,605,546.73      30,927,514.73
                         (1) Disposal                                    2,551,500.00                                     18,547,388.96      21,098,888.96
                         (2) Transfer to investment
                               properties               1,770,468.00                                                                          1,770,468.00
                         (3) Exchange rate changes                                                                         8,058,157.77       8,058,157.77
                    4. Closing balance              1,065,778,734.06   660,643,862.44   91,147,370.55   794,759,590.57   515,646,165.53   3,127,975,723.15
                    II. Accumulated amortisation
                    1. Opening balance                318,056,287.76   258,830,098.31   50,441,588.25   309,798,506.10   337,720,127.28   1,274,846,607.70
                    2. Increase for the year           21,973,619.55     4,444,654.09    5,348,162.09    96,040,565.98    35,520,684.65     163,327,686.36
                         (1) Provision                 21,973,619.55     4,444,654.09    5,348,162.09    96,040,565.98    35,520,684.65     163,327,686.36
                    3. Decrease for the year              682,399.91                         9,273.30                     11,300,321.38      11,991,994.59
                         (1) Disposal                                                                                     10,802,113.00      10,802,113.00
                         (2) Transfer to investment
                               properties                 657,106.00                                                                            657,106.00
                         (3) Exchange rate changes         25,293.91                         9,273.30                        498,208.38         532,775.59
                    4. Closing balance                339,347,507.40   263,274,752.40   55,780,477.04   405,839,072.08   361,940,490.55   1,426,182,299.47
                    III. Provision for impairment
                    1. Opening balance                 50,012,843.19   286,061,116.40                                      7,616,102.89    343,690,062.48
                    2. Increase for the year                                                                              16,921,315.86     16,921,315.86
                         (1) Provision                                                                                    16,921,315.86     16,921,315.86
                    3. Decrease for the year                                                                                 673,881.81        673,881.81
                         (1) Exchange rate changes                                                                           673,881.81        673,881.81
                    4. Closing balance                 50,012,843.19   286,061,116.40                                     23,863,536.94    359,937,496.53
                    IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Carrying amount as at the
                         end of the year              676,418,383.47   111,307,993.64   35,366,893.51   388,920,518.49   129,842,138.04   1,341,855,927.15
                    2. Carrying amount as at the
                         beginning of the year        699,105,716.19   118,304,147.73   39,975,949.05   484,961,084.47   117,269,450.25   1,459,616,347.69




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      185
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.           NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (continued)

             19.           Intangible assets (continued)

                           (2)          There were no land use rights whose certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of
                                        the Year

                           (3)          Impairment testing of intangible assets

                                        1)           Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                     In 2023, the Group made an impairment provision of RMB16,921,315.86 for other categories
                                                     of intangible assets, corresponding to a carrying amount of RMB16,921,315.86, mainly due
                                                     to the full amount of impairment provision for software and other assets without any
                                                     disposal value.

                                        2)           Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected
                                                     future cash flows

                                                                                                  Number of                                                                          Basis for determining
                                                                   Recoverable   Impairment      years in the   Key parameters for                       Key parameters for          key parameters for the
Item                                         Carrying amount           amount       amount    forecast period   the forecast period                      the stabilisation period    stabilisation period

Trademarks with uncertain useful life          101,666,327.00 1,289,455,030.64                        5 years   Income growth rate: 0%;                  Income growth rate, sales   The income growth rate
                                                                                                                S a l e s c o m m i s s i o n r a t e:   commission rate, discount   during the stabilisation period
                                                                                                                1.80%; Discount rate: 19.10%             rate                        is 0%; Sales commission
                                                                                                                                                                                     rate and discount rate are
                                                                                                                                                                                     consistent with those for
                                                                                                                                                                                     the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                                     period.

Total                                          101,666,327.00 1,289,455,030.64                             –    –                                        –                           –


                                                     Note:      The Company commissioned an independent and specific third party to appraise the value
                                                                of our “Kelon” and “Rongshen” brands in 2005. According to the “Asset Appraisal Report
                                                                on the Verification Project of the Value of Trademarks and Intangible Assets of Guangdong
                                                                Kelon Electric Appliances Co., Ltd.” issued by the third party, the appraised value of the
                                                                “Rongshen” and “Kelon” brands was RMB118,378,600.00, of which the appraised value
                                                                o f “R o n g s h e n” b r a n d w a s R M B79,905,500.00, t h e a p p r a i s e d v a l u e o f “K e l o n” b r a n d
                                                                was RMB38,473,100.00, and the appraisal impairment was RMB286,061,116.40 as at 31
                                                                December 2005.


                                                     The Company calculated the cash flows generated from the trademark rights using the
                                                     relief from royalty method, and therefore the recoverable amount was estimated based on
                                                     the trademark rights assets, which is determined based on the present value of expected
                                                     future cash flows. The Company predicted Income growth rate and prepared net profit
                                                     and cash flow forecasts for the next 5 years according to the principle of prudence based
                                                     on historical actual operating data, long-term planning, signed contracts and other data,
                                                     combined with market capacity growth rate, market share and external competition and
                                                     other factors, assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years. According
                                                     to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of these trademark
                                                     rights as at the end of the Year and no provision for impairment was made.




186       Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      20.    Goodwill

             (1)   Original value of goodwill

                                                                            Increase          Decrease
                    Name of investees             Opening balance       for the Year      for the Year     Closing balance

                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi
                      Air-Conditioning
                      Systems Co., Ltd.             132,571,746.36                                          132,571,746.36
                    Sanden Holdings
                      Corporation                    93,837,131.40                                           93,837,131.40

                    Total                           226,408,877.76                                          226,408,877.76


             (2)   Relevant information on the asset group or portfolio to which goodwill belongs

                                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                            keeping
                                                                                                            consistent
                                              Composition and basis of the              Business            with
                                              asset group or portfolio to               segment             previous
                    Name                      which it belongs                          and basis           years

                    Qingdao Hisense           The goodwill formed by the Company’s      For internal        Consistent
                      Hitachi Air-            acquisition of Hisense Hitachi is         management
                      Conditioning            reflected in the operation of air         purposes, this
                      Systems Co.,            conditioning business asset group of      asset group
                      Ltd.                    Hisense Hitachi on the acquisition        belongs to the
                                              date. Since it can generate cash flow     air-conditioning
                                              independently, the Company regards        segment
                                              development, design, manufacturing
                                              and sales of air-conditioning products
                                              of Hisense Hitachi as an individual
                                              asset group and allocated the goodwill
                                              of RMB132,571,746.36 to the asset
                                              group.
                    Sanden Holdings           The goodwill formed by the Company’s      For internal        Consistent
                      Corporation             acquisition of Sanden Holdings            management
                                              Corporation is reflected in the related   purposes, this
                                              business asset group of automotive        asset group
                                              air-conditioning compressors and          belongs to other
                                              integrated thermal management systems     segments
                                              on the acquisition date. Since it can
                                              generate cash flow independently, the
                                              Company regards development, design,
                                              manufacturing and sales of automotive
                                              air-conditioning compressors and
                                              integrated thermal management
                                              systems of the Company as an asset
                                              group and allocated the goodwill of
                                              RMB93,837,131.40 to the asset group.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   187
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

             20.          Goodwill (continued)

                          (3)        Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected future
                                     cash flows

                           Carrying amount
                           of an asset group
                              or portfolio of                                                                                                           Key parameters         Basis for determining
                                asset groups                                      Number of     Key parameters        Basis for determining             for the                key parameters for
                              containing full     Recoverable    Impairment      years in the   for the               key parameters for                stabilisation          the stabilisation
Items                               goodwill          amount        amount    forecast period   forecast period       the forecast period               period                 period

Qingdao Hisense Hitachi     1,943,014,955.69 26,567,327,678.63                        5 years   Income growth         Income growth rate: 1.70%-        Income growth          The income growth rate during
    Air-Conditioning                                                                            rate, profit          6.00%; Profit margin: 13.05%-     rate, profit margin,   the stabilisation period is 0%;
    Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                           margin, discount      13.74% Discount rate: 12.44%      discount rate          Profit margin and discount
                                                                                                rate                                                                           rate are consistent with those
                                                                                                                                                                               for the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                               period
Sanden Holdings             2,275,811,268.14 2,293,800,000.00                         6 years   Income growth         Income growth rate: 4.40%-        Income growth          The income growth rate during
    Corporation                                                                                 rate, profit          18.04%; Profit margin:            rate, profit margin,   the stabilisation period is 0%;
                                                                                                margin, discount      -2.80%-5.04% Discount rate:       discount rate          Profit margin and discount
                                                                                                rate                  12.50%                                                   rate are consistent with those
                                                                                                                                                                               for the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                               period


                                      Note:      Based on the principle of prudence, the key parameters for the forecast period do not constitute a
                                                 commitment to future performance.


             21.          Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                                                                                                                        Other
                                                                                         Opening                 Increase           Amortization                   deductions                       Closing
                          Item                                                           balance             for the year            for the year                 for the year                      balance

                          Long-term prepaid expenses                              41,623,003.89           14,611,421.07             15,168,588.18                   331,604.00             40,734,232.78

                          Total                                                   41,623,003.89           14,611,421.07             15,168,588.18                   331,604.00             40,734,232.78


             22.          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                          (1)        Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                                                Closing balance                                                  Opening balance
                                                                                          Deductible                                                     Deductible
                                                                                          temporary                        Deferred                      temporary                              Deferred
                                      Item                                                 difference                     tax assets                      difference                           tax assets

                                      Provision for impairment of
                                        assets                                     334,544,586.58                    69,407,745.06                    258,208,504.90                  52,526,517.83
                                      Accrued expenses                           5,213,201,415.36                   952,917,557.88                  4,209,763,962.61                 824,763,309.51
                                      Others                                     1,042,708,500.77                   204,484,349.27                  1,022,780,333.24                 184,755,283.49

                                      Total                                      6,590,454,502.71                  1,226,809,652.21                 5,490,752,800.75              1,062,045,110.83


188      Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      22.    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

             (2)   Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                               Closing balance                           Opening balance
                                                             Taxable                                    Taxable
                                                          temporary         Deferred tax             temporary            Deferred tax
                    Item                                   difference          liabilities            difference             liabilities

                    Accelerated depreciation          508,897,224.91        80,973,714.15       463,758,822.06           74,852,682.89
                    Transactional financial assets     69,225,594.91        17,181,198.73        10,917,458.18            2,729,364.55
                    Asset appraisal appreciation
                      due to business combination
                      involving entities not under
                      common control                  253,062,239.80        49,463,778.67       285,886,349.64           55,938,555.95
                    Others                            384,983,049.80       112,029,824.75       380,489,852.67          112,219,390.68

                    Total                            1,216,168,109.42      259,648,516.30     1,141,052,482.55          245,739,994.07


             (3)   Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                             Deferred              Closing             Deferred                 Opening
                                                            tax assets         balance of             tax assets             balance of
                                                       and liabilities       deferred tax         and liabilities          deferred tax
                                                      offset amounts           assets and     offset amounts at                assets or
                                                           at the end     liabilities after       the beginning         liabilities after
                    Item                                  of the year           offsetting           of the year              offsetting

                    Deferred tax assets               101,213,141.47     1,125,596,510.74         77,560,032.13         984,485,078.70
                    Deferred tax liabilities          101,213,141.47       158,435,374.83         77,560,032.13         168,179,961.94


             (4)   Breakdown of unrecognized deferred tax assets

                    Item                                                               Closing balance              Opening balance

                    Deductible temporary difference                                   1,828,139,962.25              2,393,000,057.35
                    Deductible tax loss                                               3,180,838,738.98              3,889,989,642.03

                    Total                                                             5,008,978,701.23              6,282,989,699.38




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023    189
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        22.      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

                (5)        The deductible tax losses for unrecognized deferred tax assets will expire in following
                           timeframe

                           Year                      Closing balance      Opening balance         Remark

                           2023                                               55,072,161.24
                           2024                        11,347,033.31          69,425,317.63
                           2025                        78,313,089.48         312,819,912.92
                           2026                       126,754,665.56         166,796,848.95
                           2027                       202,115,127.12         243,265,630.99
                           2028 (Opening
                             balance at 2028
                             and afterwards)          191,510,291.65       3,042,609,770.30
                           2029 and afterwards      2,570,798,531.86

                           Total                    3,180,838,738.98       3,889,989,642.03


        23.      Other non-current assets

                 Item                                                                       Closing balance      Opening balance

                 Term deposit and interest                                              9,750,910,000.02         7,978,930,444.45
                 Others                                                                   128,465,091.43           241,771,437.81

                 Total                                                                  9,879,375,091.45         8,220,701,882.26


                 Note:     Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-
                           current assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.


        24.      Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use

                                                                         As at the end of the Year
                                                      Book            Carrying      Type of
                 Items                              balance            amount     restrictions    Restrictions

                 Monetary funds            2,062,132,798.08 2,062,132,798.08        Deposit       Deposit for issuing bank
                                                                                                     acceptance bills
                 Notes receivable            165,995,198.60     165,995,198.60       Pledge       Pledge to issue bank acceptance
                                                                                                  bills
                 Fixed assets                179,159,761.29     143,040,928.05     Mortgage       For a loan
                 Inventories                 134,838,334.33     134,838,334.33     Mortgage       For a loan
                 Accounts receivable         130,174,328.93     130,174,328.93      Pledge        For a loan
                 Construction in              37,260,368.53      29,626,411.38     Mortgage       For a loan
                    progress
                 Intangible assets             5,292,940.78       5,292,940.78     Mortgage       For a loan

                 Total                     2,714,853,730.54 2,671,100,940.15            –          –




190   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      25.    Short-term borrowings

             (1)     Classification of short-term borrowings

                     Categories of borrowings                                          Closing balance      Opening balance

                     Credit borrowings                                                   121,475,530.12        26,012,347.63
                     Guarantee borrowings                                              2,358,953,905.88     1,414,315,667.74
                     Mortgage borrowings                                                  21,888,878.58        21,925,697.87

                     Total                                                             2,502,318,314.58     1,462,253,713.24


             (2)     There are no overdue short-term borrowings as at the end of the year.

      26.    Transactional financial liabilities

             Item                                                                      Closing balance      Opening balance

             Transactional financial liabilities                                         54,355,584.93            1,745,488.01
             Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                 54,355,584.93            1,745,488.01

             Total                                                                       54,355,584.93            1,745,488.01


             Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

             They mainly represent the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized
             as transactional financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the
             outstanding forward contracts and the forward exchange rates at the end of the year.

      27.    Notes payable

             Categories of notes                                                       Closing balance      Opening balance

             Bank acceptance notes                                                     9,101,350,361.29     8,301,493,794.02
             Commercial acceptance notes                                               5,507,079,017.45     3,020,777,415.52

             Total                                                                    14,608,429,378.74    11,322,271,209.54


             Note:   There were no overdue notes payable as at the end of the year.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   191
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        28.      Accounts payable

                (1)        Accounts payable

                           Ageing                                                Closing balance   Opening balance

                           Within one year                                     12,007,211,767.15    9,581,962,727.38
                           Over one year                                           42,665,465.05      135,704,099.06

                           Total                                               12,049,877,232.20    9,717,666,826.44


                (2)        The Group had no significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue as at the end
                           of the year

        29.      Advances from customers

                 Category                                                        Closing balance   Opening balance

                 Rent received in advance                                           3,833,256.75

                 Total                                                              3,833,256.75


        30.      Contract liability

                (1)        Contract liability

                           Item                                                  Closing balance   Opening balance

                           Advance on sales                                     1,440,254,499.57    1,145,145,334.78

                           Total                                                1,440,254,499.57    1,145,145,334.78


                (2)        The Group had no significant contract liability aged over one year as at the end of the
                           year.




192   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      31.    Employee remunerations payable

             (1)   Classification of employee remunerations payable

                                                                                   Increase           Decrease
                    Item                                Opening balance        for the year        for the year     Closing balance

                    Short-term remuneration              996,858,178.13    8,318,357,510.08    7,943,845,030.78     1,371,370,657.43
                    Post-employment benefits –
                      defined contribution plans            3,964,377.13    476,764,683.90      478,760,525.55          1,968,535.48
                    Termination benefits                    1,444,799.55     23,983,660.27       24,951,501.14            476,958.68

                    Total                               1,002,267,354.81   8,819,105,854.25    8,447,557,057.47     1,373,816,151.59


             (2)   Short-term remuneration

                                                                                    Increase           Decrease
                    Item                                Opening balance         for the year        for the year      Closing balance

                    Salaries, bonuses, allowances and
                      subsidies                           949,337,384.44    7,316,637,503.27    6,941,122,902.90     1,324,851,984.81
                    Staff welfare                          32,503,119.72      338,286,226.44      337,725,218.23        33,064,127.93
                    Social insurance                       10,465,757.60      370,266,928.46      373,522,118.57         7,210,567.49
                    Including: Medical insurance            9,524,973.42      341,931,356.66      345,656,907.83         5,799,422.25
                               Work-related injury
                                  insurance                   873,791.81      27,230,435.10       26,721,950.18          1,382,276.73
                               Maternity insurance             66,992.37       1,105,136.70        1,143,260.56             28,868.51
                    Housing provident funds                 1,541,997.16     223,853,679.36      222,042,940.66          3,352,735.86
                    Labour union funds and employee
                      education funds                       3,009,919.21      69,313,172.55       69,431,850.42          2,891,241.34

                    Total                                 996,858,178.13   8,318,357,510.08    7,943,845,030.78      1,371,370,657.43


             (3)   Defined contribution plans

                                                                                   Increase           Decrease
                    Item                                Opening balance        for the year        for the year     Closing balance

                    Basic pension insurance                 3,813,859.98    459,223,227.26      461,132,428.39          1,904,658.85
                    Unemployment insurance                    150,517.15     17,541,456.64       17,628,097.16             63,876.63

                    Total                                   3,964,377.13    476,764,683.90      478,760,525.55          1,968,535.48




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   193
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        32.      Taxes payable

                 Item                                                           Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Value-added tax                                                 129,595,207.99     147,919,026.32
                 Enterprise income tax                                           508,299,564.69     426,130,125.08
                 Individual income tax                                            34,956,876.42      20,910,752.94
                 City maintenance and construction tax                             9,577,038.52      10,826,556.61
                 Real estate tax                                                  12,538,017.12      11,357,449.84
                 Land use tax                                                     14,665,398.83      13,564,637.04
                 Educational surcharges                                            7,080,939.51       8,387,515.60
                 Others                                                           57,659,046.59      66,725,800.60

                 Total                                                           774,372,089.67     705,821,864.03


        33.      Other payables

                 Item                                                           Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Dividends payable                                                 70,574,497.68      67,374,222.13
                 Other payables                                                 4,600,099,516.52   5,151,780,641.91

                 Total                                                          4,670,674,014.20   5,219,154,864.04


                 33.1      Dividends payable

                           Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Dividends on ordinary shares                           70,574,497.68      67,374,222.13

                           Total                                                  70,574,497.68      67,374,222.13


                 33.2      Other payables

                           (1)     Other payables by nature

                                   Item                                         Closing balance    Opening balance

                                   Current account                              3,089,481,175.74   4,157,585,503.74
                                   Deposit and margin                           1,167,578,825.36     812,260,063.15
                                   Payment for project and equipment              343,039,515.42     181,935,075.02

                                   Total                                        4,600,099,516.52   5,151,780,641.91


                           (2)     The Group had no significant other payables aged over one year or overdue as at
                                   the end of the year.




194   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      34.    Non-current liabilities due within one year

             Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

             Long-term borrowings due within one year                           15,204,736.26         14,044,590.55
             Lease liabilities due within one year                             106,473,201.03        131,125,568.68

             Total                                                             121,677,937.29        145,170,159.23


      35.    Other current liabilities

             Item                    Closing balance       Opening balance    Reasons for the balance

             Installation fees       1,268,994,692.74       951,227,502.35    Installation fee provided for but not
                                                                                yet paid in respect of goods sold
             Sales discounts         3,491,257,535.59      3,052,934,508.66   Incurred but not yet settled
             Others                  1,682,231,558.01      1,639,283,379.49   Incurred but not yet settled

             Total                   6,442,483,786.34      5,643,445,390.50


      36.    Long-term borrowings

             Types of borrowings                                              Closing balance     Opening balance

             Secured borrowings                                                 56,720,490.51         25,959,502.17
             Guaranteed borrowings                                                                     6,673,784.72
             Credit borrowings                                                   1,440,898.21          1,219,543.50
             Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                     15,204,736.26         14,044,590.55

             Total                                                              42,956,652.46         19,808,239.84


      37.    Lease liabilities

             Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

             Lease liabilities                                                 208,946,083.77        277,195,821.24

             Total                                                             208,946,083.77        277,195,821.24




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   195
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        38.      Long-term employee remunerations payable

                (1)        Classification of long-term employee remunerations payable

                           Item                                                          Closing balance        Opening balance

                           Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined
                             benefit plans                                                105,961,766.83            116,092,710.65

                           Total                                                          105,961,766.83            116,092,710.65


        39.      Provisions

                 Item                           Closing balance       Opening balance     Reason for occurrence

                 Pending litigation              115,479,065.21         130,363,423.59    Estimated litigation compensation
                 Provision for warranties      1,017,020,555.28         834,505,618.74    Estimated quality guarantee of products
                 Others                           97,467,969.25         348,869,373.67    Estimated other expenditures

                 Total                         1,229,967,589.74       1,313,738,416.00    –


        40.      Deferred income

                (1)        Classification of deferred income

                                                                       Increase       Decrease                       Reason for
                           Item                Opening balance     for the year    for the year   Closing balance    occurrence

                           Government grants    145,835,582.02    29,401,327.78   26,047,566.27    149,189,343.53    Amortization of
                                                                                                                     government grants

                           Total                145,835,582.02    29,401,327.78   26,047,566.27    149,189,343.53    –




196   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      40.    Deferred income (continued)

             (2)        Government grants

                                                                                      New Amount included
                                                                           grants received in other income                   Exchange                            Related to
                        Government grants              Opening balance     during the year during the year                rate changes   Closing balance         assets/revenue

                        Industrial design development
                           promotion grant                 2,000,000.00           3,000,000.00                                                 5,000,000.00      Related to assets
                        State debenture projects for
                           technical advancement and
                           industry upgrade               21,450,000.00                                                                       21,450,000.00      Related to assets
                        Transformation project on
                           system integration technology
                           of green supply chain of
                           freezers                        7,606,614.62                                 1,381,194.84                           6,225,419.78      Related to assets
                        Technological transformation
                           project                         8,882,735.09           3,590,000.00          4,017,998.31                           8,454,736.78      Related to assets
                        Other related to revenue             400,000.00                                                                          400,000.00      Related to revenue
                        Other related to assets          105,496,232.31      19,245,796.87             20,648,373.12      3,565,530.91       107,659,186.97      Related to assets

                        Total                            145,835,582.02      25,835,796.87             26,047,566.27      3,565,530.91       149,189,343.53


      41.    Other non-current liabilities

             Item                                                                                                      Closing balance               Opening balance

             Long-term dividends payable                                                                                597,352,709.07                   667,927,206.75
             Others                                                                                                      15,534,662.94                    23,065,694.36

             Total                                                                                                      612,887,372.01                   690,992,901.11


      42.    Share capital

                                                                                                  Change for the year (+,-)
                                                    Opening            Issue of                                Conversion Repurchase and                                    Closing
             Item                                   balance         new shares           Bonus issue         from reserve    cancellation             Subtotal              balance

             Total shares                   1,362,725,370.00     25,422,000.00                                                 -212,000.00       25,210,000.00 1,387,935,370.00


             Note:      During the Year, the Company issued 25,422,000.00 restricted shares to the incentive recipients under the
                        Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares.


             During the Year, the Company repurchased and cancelled 212,000.00 restricted shares that had been
             granted but not unlocked.




                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023          197
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        43.      Capital reserve

                                                                                    Increase            Decrease
                 Item                                    Opening balance        for the Year        for the Year    Closing balance

                 Share premium                           1,956,375,474.70     143,380,080.00     160,790,115.83    1,938,965,438.87
                 Other capital reserve                     117,793,130.79     193,229,614.20     134,580,465.81      176,442,279.18

                 Total                                   2,074,168,605.49     336,609,694.20     295,370,581.64    2,115,407,718.05


                 Notes:


                 ① The change in share capital premium is mainly due to:


                 Increase in share capital premium by RMB143,380,080.00 as a result of the issue of restricted shares during the
                 period;


                 The difference between the repurchase price and the grant price of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan reduced the
                 equity premium by RMB123,541,956.03;


                 Equity incentive expenses borne in proportion to the shareholdings of minority shareholders of the subsidiaries
                 decreased by RMB35,789,603.15 in equity premium;


                 The equity premium was reduced by RMB325,856.56 from equity transactions of subsidiaries;


                 The handling fee for repurchase of treasury shares reduced the capital premium by RMB36,660.09;


                 The lapse and repurchase of restricted shares reduced equity premium by RMB1,096,040.00.


                 ② Main reason for the change in other capital surplus:


                 Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased other capital surplus
                 by RMB191,835,272.40;


                 Increase in other capital reserves by RMB1,394,341.80 for deferred income tax assets recognised in the current
                 period for share-based payment;


                 The equity method of accounting for other changes in the Company’s equity decreased other capital surplus by
                 RMB134,580,465.81.




198   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      44.    Treasury shares

                                                                                                                             Increase                    Decrease
             Item                                                                 Opening balance                        for the Year                for the Year               Closing balance

             Treasury shares for share-based payment
               incentive scheme – Granted                                                                            240,580,480.00                 20,034,753.02                 220,545,726.98
             Treasury shares for share-based payment
               incentive scheme – Not granted                                                                        211,401,111.66                195,320,356.03                   16,080,755.63

             Total                                                                                                   451,981,591.66                215,355,109.05                 236,626,482.61


             Notes: During the Year, the repurchase of 11,699,989.00 shares of the Company increased treasury shares by
                    R M B211,401,111.66; t h e g r a n t i n g o f 10,810,000.00 s h a r e s t o e m p l o y e e s u n d e r t h e E m p l o y e e S t o c k
                    Ownership Plan decreased ungranted treasury shares by RMB195,320,356.03; the granting of 36,232,000.00
                    shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme and the Employee Stock Ownership Plan increased
                    granted treasury shares by RMB240,580,480.00. Dividends for the Year decreased granted treasury shares
                    by RMB18,736,704.88, and the repurchase and cancellation of 212,000.00 restricted shares granted but not
                    unlocked decreased granted treasury shares by RMB1,298,048.14.

      45.    Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                   Amount incurred in the Year
                                                                                                Less: Amount Less: Amount
                                                                                            included in other included in other
                                                                                               comprehensive comprehensive
                                                                                                    income in        income in
                                                                                              previous period previous period
                                                                                  Amount     and transferred and transferred                                             Attributable
                                                                                   before             to profit     to retained                       Attributable        to minority
                                                                               income tax            or loss in     earnings in     Less: income         to parent            interest
             Item                                       Opening balance      for the Year      current period current period         tax expense          after tax          after tax   Closing balance

             1. Other comprehensive income that
                  would not be reclassified to profit
                  or loss                                 34,421,220.08     -5,099,293.59                                                            -3,821,920.55      -1,277,373.04      30,599,299.53
             Including: Changes arising from
                          re-measurement of
                          defined benefit plan            35,047,941.23     -8,342,428.55                                                            -6,252,650.20      -2,089,778.35      28,795,291.03
                    Changes in the fair value of
                      other equity instruments
                      investment                            -626,721.15      3,243,134.96                                                             2,430,729.65         812,405.31       1,804,008.50
             2. Other comprehensive income
                  that would be reclassified to
                  profit or loss                          86,846,225.42    113,000,323.49                                                           109,552,294.79       3,448,028.70     196,398,520.21
             Including: Other comprehensive income
                          that would be reclassified
                          into profit or loss under
                          equity method                    -1,599,624.23     3,704,025.45                                                             3,579,459.96         124,565.49       1,979,835.73
             Difference arising from translation of
                  financial statements presented in
                  foreign currency                        88,445,849.65    109,296,298.04                                                           105,972,834.83       3,323,463.21     194,418,684.48

             Total other comprehensive income            121,267,445.50    107,901,029.90                                                           105,730,374.24       2,170,655.66     226,997,819.74

                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023         199
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        46.      Special reserves

                                                                                       Increase            Decrease
                 Item                                      Opening balance         for the Year        for the Year      Closing balance

                 Safety production fee                                            69,325,350.93       63,005,714.40         6,319,636.53

                 Total                                                            69,325,350.93       63,005,714.40         6,319,636.53


        47.      Surplus reserve

                                                                                       Increase            Decrease
                 Item                                      Opening balance         for the Year        for the Year      Closing balance

                 Statutory surplus reserve                   711,971,309.99       12,711,000.00                           724,682,309.99

                 Total                                       711,971,309.99       12,711,000.00                           724,682,309.99


                 Note:     The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as statutory surplus reserve. If the accumulated statutory
                           surplus reserve reaches more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be
                           made.


        48.      Undistributed profits

                                                                                                  Amount for            Amount for
                 Item                                                                               the Year      the previous year

                 Balances at the end of the previous year                                  7,248,124,550.56           6,104,843,404.90
                 Adjustment of total undistributed profits at the
                   beginning of the Year (increase +, decrease -)                                 116,160.71                52,319.71
                 Including: Retroactive adjustment of “Business
                   Accounting Standards” and related new regulations                             116,160.71                  52,319.71
                 Balances at the beginning of the Year                                     7,248,240,711.27           6,104,895,724.61
                 Plus: Net profits attributable to owners of the
                   parent company for the Year                                             2,837,322,754.58           1,434,968,215.84
                 Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                             12,711,000.00
                       Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                  717,394,351.60            291,623,229.18

                 Balances at the end of the Year                                           9,355,458,114.25           7,248,240,711.27




200   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      49.    Operating revenue and costs

             (1)     Particulars of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                       Amount for the year                   Amount for previous year
                     Item                              Revenue                Costs            Revenue                    Costs

                     Principal operations      76,959,191,272.42   58,465,825,397.94   67,494,739,192.70   52,573,262,431.34
                     Other operations           8,640,997,951.64    8,230,290,833.27    6,620,411,846.59    6,209,856,768.69

                     Total                     85,600,189,224.06   66,696,116,231.21   74,115,151,039.29   58,783,119,200.03


             (2)     Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                         Amount for the year
                     Categories of contract                                              Revenue                      Costs

                     Categories of product:
                     Air-conditioners                                          38,652,244,832.54       26,800,791,715.99
                     Refrigerators and washing machines                        26,070,166,905.77       21,088,500,691.11
                     Others                                                    12,236,779,534.11       10,576,532,990.84
                     By operating regions:
                     Domestic                                                  49,035,166,343.99       33,389,722,531.18
                     Overseas                                                  27,924,024,928.43       25,076,102,866.76

                     Total                                                     76,959,191,272.42       58,465,825,397.94


      50.    Tax and surcharges

                                                                                       Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                                        the year           previous year

             City maintenance and construction tax                                155,209,529.48           126,031,877.34
             Education surcharges                                                 111,883,083.11            90,643,486.81
             Others                                                               312,114,388.39           262,560,636.94

             Total                                                                579,207,000.98           479,236,001.09




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023    201
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        51.      Sales expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Sales expenses                                                           9,311,027,187.99       8,070,720,273.85

                 Total                                                                    9,311,027,187.99       8,070,720,273.85


                 Note:     In 2023, sales expenses mainly include after-sale expenses, publicity and promotion, and employee
                           compensation, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 70% (2022: over 70%).


        52.      Management expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Management expenses                                                      2,296,063,851.05       1,821,201,420.18

                 Total                                                                    2,296,063,851.05       1,821,201,420.18


                 Note:     In 2023, management expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and
                           executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 80% (2022: over 80%).


        53.      Research and development expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Research and development expenses                                        2,779,508,194.39       2,289,313,746.54

                 Total                                                                    2,779,508,194.39       2,289,313,746.54


                 Note:     In 2023, research and development expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and
                           amortization, and direct expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development expenses over
                           80% (2022: over 80%).


        54.      Financial expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Interest expenses                                                          144,388,196.47           88,136,778.11
                 Less: Interest income                                                       56,918,785.34           79,204,113.83
                 Add: Exchange loss                                                        -304,993,741.48         -205,797,333.01
                       Other expenses                                                        12,937,898.47           14,700,837.34

                 Total                                                                     -204,586,431.88         -182,163,831.39


                 Note:     Interest expenses for 2023 include interest expenses of lease liabilities of RMB11,217,592.95 (2022:
                           RMB10,097,415.81). Other interest expenses for 2023 and 2022 were wholly interests on bank borrowings,
                           of which the last term of repayment is within five years.



202   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      55.    Other income

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Sources of other income                                                      the year           previous year

             Immediate refund of value-added tax                                    419,824,595.82          268,476,480.28
             Other government subsidies related to general activities               120,113,100.68          130,642,115.81
             Others                                                                  59,018,162.07            3,666,401.66

             Total                                                                  598,955,858.57          402,784,997.75


      56.    Investment gain

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                                         the year           previous year

             Gain from long-term equity investment by the equity method             343,907,407.14          253,464,775.11
             Investment gain from disposal of transactional financial assets        -49,009,326.89          -52,786,004.23
             Interest income from time deposits                                     304,935,738.87          247,540,002.04
             Others                                                                 119,598,756.30           64,493,268.09

             Total                                                                  719,432,575.42          512,712,041.01


             Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Investee                                                                     the year           previous year

             Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                                15,082,906.79           12,968,049.38
             Hisense Marketing Management                                            -2,028,893.94            1,441,022.29
             Hisense Global Asia Holding                                               -194,362.50
             Hisense International                                                  110,193,668.98           61,776,387.44
             Associates of Sanden Company                                           220,854,087.81          177,279,316.00

             Total                                                                  343,907,407.14          253,464,775.11


             Note:   The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all
                     generated from non-listed equity investments.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   203
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        57.      Profit or loss on changes in fair value

                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                 Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value              the year      previous year

                 Transactional financial assets                              71,638,607.72     24,267,465.22
                 Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                   financial instruments                                     -14,128,779.40      7,733,902.74
                 Transactional financial liabilities                         -56,712,337.91     -1,745,243.63
                 Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                   financial instruments                                     -56,712,337.91     -1,745,243.63

                 Total                                                       14,926,269.81     22,522,221.59


        58.      Impairment loss on credit

                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                 Item                                                            the year      previous year

                 Loss of bad debts of notes receivable                            -8,109.00      3,894,431.38
                 Loss of bad debts of accounts receivable                      4,974,405.07   -129,625,058.64
                 Loss of bad debts of other receivables                      -48,169,717.20    -25,140,460.23

                 Total                                                       -43,203,421.13   -150,871,087.49


        59.      Impairment losses on assets

                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                 Item                                                            the year      previous year

                 Loss on decline in value of inventories                     -65,160,380.88   -124,759,689.84
                 Impairment loss on fixed assets                             -92,734,039.39   -103,438,833.64
                 Impairment loss on contractual assets                        -1,359,996.35      1,411,121.47
                 Impairment loss on construction in progress                 -14,384,623.14    -41,341,908.89
                 Impairment loss on intangible assets                        -16,921,315.86     -6,972,662.77
                 Impairment loss on right-of-use assets                         -222,736.31        -50,362.89


                 Total                                                      -190,783,091.93   -275,152,336.56




204   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      60.    Gains on disposal of assets (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                 Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                                  the year           previous year

             Gains on disposal of non-current assets                             5,835,013.43           1,384,257.12
             Including: Gains on disposal of non-current assets which are
                          not classified as held for sale                        5,835,013.43           1,384,257.12
                        Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets             2,876,181.04           1,289,209.31
                                   Gains on disposal of intangible assets        2,637,179.25              14,858.49


             Total                                                               5,835,013.43           1,384,257.12


      61.    Non-operating income

                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                                        included in
                                                                                                      non-recurring
                                                                                                           profit or
                                                                  Amount for        Amount for           loss of the
             Item                                                   the year      previous year        current year

             Gain from scrapping of non-current assets           5,834,881.32      6,774,905.91        5,834,881.32
             Government grants                                  75,026,671.90     95,280,842.65       75,026,671.90
             Others                                            417,419,755.16    429,194,063.77      417,419,755.16


             Total                                             498,281,308.38    531,249,812.33      498,281,308.38


      62.    Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                                        included in
                                                                                                      non-recurring
                                                                                                           profit or
                                                                  Amount for        Amount for           loss of the
             Item                                                   the year      previous year        current year

             Loss on scrapping of non-current assets             15,336,547.47    11,808,192.90       15,336,547.47
             Others                                              46,403,734.58    62,736,213.63       46,403,734.58


             Total                                               61,740,282.05    74,544,406.53       61,740,282.05




                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   205
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        63.      Income tax expense

                (1)        Income tax expense

                                                                                          Amount for        Amount for
                           Item                                                             the year      previous year

                           Current income tax expenses                               1,030,925,303.34    846,911,451.83
                           Including: PRC enterprise income tax                      1,031,179,157.46    807,415,277.51
                                      Hong Kong profit tax                                 784,538.52        910,933.90
                           Deferred income tax expenses                               -137,857,806.44    -92,510,784.32

                           Total                                                       893,067,496.90    754,400,667.51


                (2)        Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses

                                                                                                                Amount
                           Item                                                                             for the year

                           Total profits                                                                5,684,557,420.82
                           Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates         1,421,139,355.20
                           Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries           -453,129,861.37
                           Adjustment to income tax in previous periods                                    -9,236,187.32
                           Effect of non-taxable income                                                   -39,220,019.99
                           Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                 93,980,093.86
                           Effect of utilization of deductible losses and deductible difference
                             of unrecognized deferred tax assets in previous period                     -116,115,036.59
                           Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss of
                             unrecognized deferred tax assets in current period                          217,252,567.84
                           Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                -221,023,026.97
                           Others                                                                           -580,387.76
                           Income tax expense                                                            893,067,496.90


        64.      Other comprehensive income

                 Please see note 5(45) for details.




206   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      65.    Items in the cash flows statement

             (1)   Cash relating to operating activities

                    1)    Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                       Amount for           Amount for
                          Item                                                           the year         previous year

                          Interest income                                          51,743,856.01          63,468,382.57
                          Government grants                                       173,566,433.79         196,708,824.30
                          Security deposit and others                             744,122,021.27         849,061,174.04

                          Total                                                   969,432,311.07      1,109,238,380.91


                    2)    Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                       Amount for           Amount for
                          Item                                                           the year         previous year

                          Cash payments for management expenses                  1,380,346,587.87     1,624,788,278.45
                          Cash payments for sales expenses                       6,992,030,847.84     5,836,213,521.99
                          Bank charges                                              10,739,569.21        13,143,825.95
                          Security deposit and others                            1,147,628,866.88       819,724,796.99

                          Total                                                  9,530,745,871.80     8,293,870,423.38


             (2)   Cash relating to investing activities

                    1)    Significant cash received relating to investing activities

                                                                                       Amount for           Amount for
                          Item                                                           the year         previous year

                          Recovery of wealth management products of
                            banks                                            16,684,190,615.84       17,190,000,000.00
                          Recovery of time deposits upon maturity             3,562,505,116.45        4,766,326,190.40




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   207
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        65.      Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

                (2)        Cash relating to investing activities (continued)

                           2)     Significant cash paid relating to investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for          Amount for
                                  Item                                                         the year        previous year

                                  Acquisition of wealth management products of
                                    banks                                            23,064,972,967.96      18,331,190,615.84
                                  Placement of time deposits                          6,255,000,000.00       5,866,734,300.00


                           3)     Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for          Amount for
                                  Item                                                         the year        previous year

                                  Disposal of wealth management products and
                                    time deposits upon maturity                      20,246,695,732.29      21,961,943,503.77

                                  Total                                              20,246,695,732.29      21,961,943,503.77


                           4)     Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                             Amount for          Amount for
                                  Item                                                         the year        previous year

                                  Acquisition of wealth management products
                                   and time deposits                                 29,319,972,967.96      24,197,924,915.84

                                  Total                                              29,319,972,967.96      24,197,924,915.84



                (3)        Cash relating to financing activities

                           1)     Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                             Amount for          Amount for
                                  Item                                                         the year        previous year

                                  Security deposit                                       1,460,991,001.06      657,509,903.00
                                  Others                                                   163,678,032.47    1,213,305,033.91

                                  Total                                                  1,624,669,033.53    1,870,814,936.91




208   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      65.    Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

             (3)   Cash relating to financing activities (continued)

                    2)    Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                            Amount for                     Amount for
                          Item                                                                                the year                   previous year

                          Payment of the principal and interest on lease
                            liabilities                                                                150,896,204.18                    33,372,167.20
                          Others                                                                     1,507,770,818.74                   469,593,905.55

                          Total                                                                      1,658,667,022.92                   502,966,072.75


                    3)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                           Increase for the Year                Decrease for the Year
                                                                                              Non-cash                            Non-cash
                          Item                  Opening balance       Cash changes             changes     Cash changes            changes    Closing balance

                          Short-term borrowings 1,462,253,713.24    2,681,108,164.71     62,154,634.38   1,666,476,419.72     36,721,778.03   2,502,318,314.58
                          Long-term borrowings
                            (including
                            borrowings due
                            within one year)        33,852,830.39     24,844,887.55         889,473.78       1,425,803.00                       58,161,388.72
                          Lease liabilities
                            (including leases due
                            within one year)       408,321,389.92                        57,994,099.06    150,896,204.18                       315,419,284.80
                          Other payables –
                            Borrowings from
                            affiliated companies 1,971,854,258.50     86,309,442.04      75,019,084.98   1,356,910,330.93     35,260,292.12    741,012,162.47
                          Other payables –
                            Restricted shares                                           168,802,080.00       1,308,040.00     13,136,522.59    154,357,517.41
                          Other payables –
                            Employee Stock
                            Ownership
                            Plan repayment
                            obligations                               71,778,400.00                          7,050,990.43                       64,727,409.57

                          Total                  3,876,282,192.05   2,864,040,894.30    364,859,372.20   3,184,067,788.26     85,118,592.74   3,835,996,077.55




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023     209
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        66.      Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement

                (1)        Supplementary information to cash flows statement

                                                                                                              Amount for          Amount for
                           Item                                                                                 the year        previous year

                           1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                              activities:                                                                                –                  –
                              Net profit                                                                  4,791,489,923.92   3,069,409,060.70
                              Add: Impairment provision for assets                                          190,783,091.93     275,152,336.56
                                    Impairment loss on credit                                                43,203,421.13     150,871,087.49
                                    Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and gas assets
                                       and depreciation of productive biological assets                    977,660,324.91    1,004,561,223.56
                                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     70,052,241.64      114,028,425.20
                                    Amortization of intangible assets                                      163,327,686.36      239,965,897.80
                                    Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                              15,168,588.18       12,543,841.33
                                    Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other
                                       long-term assets (Gain expressed with “-”)                            -5,835,013.43       -1,384,257.12
                                    Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain expressed with “-”)              9,501,666.15        5,033,286.99
                                    Loss on change in fair value (Gain expressed with “-”)                  -14,926,269.81      -22,522,221.59
                                    Financial expenses (Gain expressed with “-”)                           -160,605,545.01     -117,660,554.90
                                    Investment loss (Gain expressed with “-”)                              -719,432,575.42     -512,712,041.01
                                    Decrease in deferred tax assets (Increase expressed with “-”)          -128,113,219.33      -86,473,289.96
                                    Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Decrease expressed with “-”)       -9,744,587.11       -6,037,494.36
                                    Decrease in inventories (Increase expressed with “-”)                  -200,738,889.61    1,835,856,733.51
                                    Decrease in operating receivables (Increase expressed with “-”)      -1,837,172,947.31     -658,220,353.58
                                    Increase in operating payables (Decrease expressed with “-”)          7,427,239,694.16   -1,270,029,078.24
                                    Others
                                    Net cash flows from operating activities                             10,611,857,591.35   4,032,382,602.38
                           2. Significant investment and financing activities not involving
                              cash receipts and payments:
                              Liabilities converted into equity
                              Convertible company debentures due within one year
                              Fixed assets under finance leases
                           3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
                              Cash at the end of the year                                                 2,877,140,400.54   2,478,346,075.40
                              Less: Cash at the beginning of the year                                     2,478,346,075.40   2,879,176,794.68
                              Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the year
                              Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
                              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    398,794,325.14     -400,830,719.28




210   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      66.    Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement (continued)

             (2)   Cash and cash equivalents

                    Item                                                       Closing balance      Opening balance

                    Cash                                                       2,877,140,400.54     2,478,346,075.40
                    Including: Cash on hand                                          151,362.17           716,500.30
                               Bank deposits that are readily available for
                                  payment                                      2,854,135,661.10     2,468,795,515.31
                               Other cash at bank and on hand that are
                                  readily available for payment                  22,853,377.27            8,834,059.79
                    Cash equivalents
                    Including: Bond investments due within three months
                    Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year        2,877,140,400.54     2,478,346,075.40
                    Including: C ash and cash equivalents of the parent or
                                 subsidiaries subject to restrictions on use


      67.    Monetary items in foreign currencies

             (1)   Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                          Closing balance                            Closing balance
                                                                of foreign                              denominated
                    Item                                         currency      Translation rate              in RMB

                    Cash at bank and on hand                            –                    –                      –
                    Including: USD                          23,788,557.31               7.0827         168,487,214.86
                               EUR                           2,580,475.62               7.8592          20,280,473.99
                               HKD                           1,285,945.25               0.9062           1,165,323.59
                               JPY                         321,611,514.00              0.05021          16,148,114.12
                    Accounts receivable                                 –                    –                      –
                    Including: USD                          56,285,817.77               7.0827         398,655,561.52
                               EUR                          19,278,378.37               7.8592         151,512,631.29
                               JPY                         502,936,025.00              0.05021          25,252,417.82
                    Other receivables                                   –                    –                      –
                    Including: USD                              58,256.39               7.0827             412,612.53
                               EUR                              50,510.25               7.8592             396,970.16
                               HKD                               9,750.00               0.9062               8,835.45
                               JPY                          16,295,194.00              0.05021             818,181.69
                    Accounts payable                                    –                    –                      –
                    Including: USD                           6,920,684.94               7.0827          49,017,135.22
                               EUR                           6,941,263.21               7.8592          54,552,775.82
                               JPY                         210,973,920.00              0.05021          10,593,000.52
                    Other payables                                      –                    –                      –
                    Including: USD                         112,530,822.96               7.0827         797,022,059.78
                               EUR                              70,749.64               7.8592             556,035.57
                               HKD                               1,109.00               0.9062               1,004.98




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   211
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        67.      Monetary items in foreign currencies (continued)

                (2)        Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                          Whether there
                                                                                                           is change of
                                                                    Principal place        Functional        functional
                           Company name                                 of business         currency           currency

                           Hisense (Hong Kong) America
                           Manufacturing Co., Limited                   Hong Kong               HKD                   No
                           Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,
                             S.de R.L. de C.V.                              Mexico      Mexican Peso                  No
                           Hisense Monterrey Property
                           Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                    Mexico      Mexican Peso                  No
                           Hisense Japan Automotive Air-
                             Conditioning Systems Corporation
                             (海信日本汽車空調系統合同會社)                                 Japan              JPY                  No
                           Sanden Corporation                                 Japan              JPY                  No
                           SANDEN INTERNATIONAL
                             (EUROPE) GmbH                                 Germany               EUR                  No
                           SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                             EUROPE S.A.S.                                   France              EUR                  No
                           SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                          India      Indian Rupee                 No
                           SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                             MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                            Mexico               USD                  No

        68.      Leases

                (1)        The Group as a lessee

                                                                                        Amount for            Amount for
                           Item                                                           the Year      the previous year

                           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                      11,217,592.95       10,097,415.81
                           Short-term lease expenses recognised in profit or loss
                             using simplified treatment                                97,439,574.37       69,867,924.12
                           Lease expenses for low-value assets recognised in
                             profit or loss using simplified treatment (excluding
                             short-term leases)
                           Variable lease payments not included in the
                             measurement of lease liabilities
                           Including: Part arising from sale and leaseback
                             transactions
                           Income from sublease of right-to-use assets
                           Total cash outflows related to leases                      246,923,029.67      267,012,157.01
                           Related gain or loss arising from sale and leaseback
                             transactions
                           Cash inflows from sale and leaseback transactions
                           Cash outflows from sale and leaseback transactions




212   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      68.    Leases (continued)

             (2)   The Group as a lessor

                    1)    The Group as a lessor under operating lease

                                                                                                 Including:
                                                                                            Income related
                                                                                                 to variable
                                                                                            lease payments
                                                                                            not included in
                          Item                                          Rental Income         lease receipts

                          Buildings and structures                      63,641,545.48
                          Machinery and equipment                        2,979,369.51
                          Transportation equipment                         106,194.66
                          Land                                           1,065,054.27

                          Total                                         67,792,163.92




                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   213
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        69.      Segment reporting

                 The Group manages its business by segments which are organized by a mixture of both business lines
                 and geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the
                 management manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment
                 results are assessed based on the profits of the reporting segments.

                (1)        Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                                     Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                           Amount for the year                    Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total

                           I. Revenue from external sales        38,652,244,832.54   26,070,166,905.77   12,236,779,534.11                        76,959,191,272.42
                           II. Revenue from inter-segment
                                 transactions                          715,130.91        18,525,397.50    2,923,068,294.16    -2,942,308,822.57
                           III. Gain from investment in
                                 associates and joint ventures      -1,014,446.97        -1,014,446.97     345,936,301.08                            343,907,407.14
                           IV. Depreciation and amortization       492,716,306.72       348,074,753.86     385,417,780.51                          1,226,208,841.09
                           V. Gain arising from changes in
                                 fair value                          14,287,476.99       68,782,493.59      -68,143,700.77                            14,926,269.81
                           VI. Impairment losses on credits
                                 and assets                         -64,147,315.49      -34,316,884.06     -135,522,313.51                          -233,986,513.06
                           VII. Total profits (losses)            4,894,033,212.74      967,687,795.47     -177,163,587.39                         5,684,557,420.82
                           VIII. Total assets                    37,150,119,357.79   43,212,073,454.51   15,618,116,396.53   -30,033,813,653.16   65,946,495,555.67
                           IX. Total liabilities                 24,473,385,908.89   32,006,871,299.96   11,096,684,769.39   -21,026,505,549.21   46,550,436,429.03
                           X. Additions to other non-current
                                 assets other than long-term
                                 equity investments               1,669,601,574.03      -22,436,407.92     259,707,741.15                          1,906,872,907.26

                           Continued from above table

                                                                                     Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                           Amount for previous year               Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total

                           I. Revenue from external sales        34,499,733,925.58   21,207,092,434.08   11,787,912,833.04                        67,494,739,192.70
                           II. Revenue from inter-segment
                                 transactions                         1,001,205.93       12,092,073.41    2,520,058,040.12    -2,533,151,319.46
                           III. Gain from investment in
                                 associates and joint ventures         720,511.15           720,511.15     252,023,752.81                            253,464,775.11
                           IV. Depreciation and amortization       578,212,144.80       366,557,127.40     426,330,115.69                          1,371,099,387.89
                           V. Gain arising from changes in
                                 fair value                             -42,920.00       11,446,773.25       11,118,368.34                            22,522,221.59
                           VI. Impairment losses on credits
                                 and assets                         -98,258,731.21     -132,615,991.81     -195,148,701.03                          -426,023,424.05
                           VII. Total profits (losses)            3,452,041,902.34      282,337,472.47       89,430,353.40                         3,823,809,728.21
                           VIII. Total assets                    31,188,124,293.26   28,652,214,278.81   15,651,116,404.12   -20,115,586,532.86   55,375,868,443.33
                           IX. Total liabilities                 20,810,902,742.15   17,966,094,914.07   11,451,687,077.60   -11,131,898,896.40   39,096,785,837.42
                           X. Additions to other non-current
                                 assets other than long-term
                                 equity investments               2,604,699,926.77       25,307,181.32     -213,198,062.67        -1,123,200.00    2,415,685,845.42




214   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      69.     Segment reporting (continued)

              (2)   Geographic information

                                                                                     Amount for            Amount for
                                                                                 the year/closing        previous year/
                    Region                                                               balance       opening balance

                    Revenue from domestic transactions                      49,035,166,343.99        42,624,208,014.02
                    Revenue from overseas transactions                      27,924,024,928.43        24,870,531,178.68

                    Total                                                   76,959,191,272.42        67,494,739,192.70

                    Non-current assets – Domestic                           16,928,683,438.39        15,359,424,477.26
                    Non-current assets – Overseas                            3,877,892,636.01         3,387,254,129.15

                    Total                                                   20,806,576,074.40        18,746,678,606.41

                    The Group operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Group’s non-current assets are
                    in Mainland China. Therefore, it is not necessary to present further details of the regional
                    information.

VI.   R&D EXPENDITURE

                                                                                     Amount for            Amount for
      Item                                                                             the Year      the previous year

      R&D expenses                                                           2,779,508,194.39         2,289,313,746.54

      Total                                                                  2,779,508,194.39         2,289,313,746.54

      Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                    2,779,508,194.39         2,289,313,746.54
      Capitalised R&D expenditure

      1.      R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

              The Group had no R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

      2.      Significant outsourced projects under research

              The Group had no significant outsourced projects under research.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   215
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VII. CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

        1.       Changes in scope of consolidation for other reasons

                 Hangzhou Kelon Electric Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, was deregistered by the
                 Company during the Year and no longer included in the scope of consolidation after deregistration.

                 On 24 July 2023, the Company’s tier-two subsidiary Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner Marketing
                 Co., Ltd. invested in the establishment of Rizhao Hisense Home Appliances Trading Co., Ltd. with a
                 registered capital of RMB1 million, of which Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner Marketing Co., Ltd. has
                 contributed RMB1 million, representing 100% of the registered capital. The Company has control over
                 the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 24 July 2023.

VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries

                (1)        Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                                               Principal                                      Shareholding
                                                                                                    Registered place of     Place of                         percentage (%)            Method for
                           Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation                     capital business     registration   Business nature   Direct     Indirect       acquisition

                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)                Guangdong                USD26.80 million Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                    Refrigerator
                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer        Guangdong Freezer         RMB237 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath       Hisense K&B                  RMB77.5751    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing                       74.00   Establishment
                              System Co., Ltd.                                                         million
                           Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co.,       Rongsheng Plastic            USD15.8274    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing       44.92           25.13   Establishment
                              Ltd.                                                                     million
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.            Kelon Mould                  USD15.0561    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing                       70.11   Establishment
                                                                                                       million
                           Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator    Yangzhou Refrigerator        USD44.4479    Yangzhou   Yangzhou       Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.                                                                million
                           Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Chengdu Refrigerator       RMB50 million   Chengdu    Chengdu        Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                           Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.             Shandong Refrigerator     RMB275 million   Qingdao    Qingdao        Manufacturing      100.00                   Establishment
                           Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator             Refrigerator Marketing      RMB200.8190    Foshan     Foshan         Trading                             78.82   Establishment
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Company                       million
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner            Air-conditioner               RMB100.91    Qingdao    Qingdao        Trading                             75.57   Establishment
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Marketing Company             million
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner        Hisense Guangdong         RMB200 million   Jiangmen   Jiangmen       Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Company Limited                            Air-Conditioner
                           Hisense Air-Conditioning Co. Ltd.          Shandong Air-             RMB500 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing      100.00                   Business combination
                                                                         conditioning                                                                                                    under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.            Hisense Mould               RMB36.0664 Qingdao        Qingdao        Manufacturing       82.41                   Business combination
                                                                                                      million                                                                            under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing Machine Co.,    Zhejiang Washing          RMB450 million Huzhou       Huzhou         Manufacturing                      100.00   Business combination
                              Ltd.                                      Machine                                                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain      Commercial Cold Chain      RMB50 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                       70.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning   Hisense Hitachi           USD150 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing       49.20                   Business combination
                              Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioner    Hitachi Marketing          RMB274.3003 Qingdao        Qingdao        Trading                             70.00   Business combination
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                     million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control




216   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      1.     Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

             (1)   Composition of enterprise group (continued)

                                                                                                     Principal                                      Shareholding
                                                                                          Registered place of    Place of                          percentage (%)            Method for
                    Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation                  capital business    registration   Business nature    Direct      Indirect      acquisition

                    Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-              Johnson Controls      RMB400 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Trading                             100.00   Business combination
                       Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                  not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Qingdao Hisense Hvac Equipment Co., Ltd.   Hisense Hvac          RMB600 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                               not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Hisense (Hong Kong) America                Hong Kong Home         HKD1,016.6257 Hong Kong    Hong Kong      Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       Manufacturing Co., Limited.                Appliance                  million                                                                           under common
                                                                  Manufactory                                                                                                  control
                    Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de      Hisense Monterrey       MXN462.2452 Mexico        Mexico         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       R.L. de C.V.                               Manufacturing             million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Hisense Monterrey Property Management,     Monterrey Property    MXN1,092.5993 Mexico        Mexico         Service industry                    100.00   Business combination
                       S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                    million                                                                            under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.       Qingdao Gorenje        RMB21 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Trading              70.00                   Establishment
                    Hisense Japan Automotive Air-              SPV                           JPY1 Japan          Japan          Investment                          100.00   Establishment
                       Conditioning Systems Corporation
                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air Conditioning   Hitachi Air            RMB20 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                       100.00   Establishment
                       Technology Co., Ltd.                       Conditioning
                                                                  Technology
                    Sanden Corporation                         SDC                  JPY21,741.869287 Japan       Japan          Manufacturing                        74.95   Business combination
                                                                                              million                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Sanden International (Europe) GmbH         SIE                  EUR0.025 million Germany     Germany        Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                               not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE                SME                     EUR21 million France      France         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                      S.A.S.                                                                                                                                                   not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) PRIVATE               SVL                  INR296.25 million India      India          Manufacturing                        50.00   Business combination
                      LIMITED.                                                                                                                                                 not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                SMM                  USD66.78537926 Mexico        Mexico         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                      S.A. DE C.V.                                                          million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd.    SSP                     USD11 million Suzhou      Suzhou         Manufacturing                        65.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                               not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Sanden (China) Automotive Air              CSA                  RMB145.1238436 Chongqing     Chongqing      Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                               million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control


                    Notes:


                    ①              All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator
                                   Marketing Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi
                                   Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.


                    ②              The Company held 49.20% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of
                                   association of Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors,
                                   the highest authority of Hisense Hitachi.

                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023               217
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

                (2)        Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                  Gain or loss
                                                                                               attributable to        Dividends paid to
                                                                     Percentage of          minority interests        minority interests Closing balance of
                           Name of subsidiary                     minority interest               for the year             for the year minority interests

                           Hisense Hitachi                                   50.80% 1,905,571,702.19                    832,931,024.00 4,870,876,506.09

                (3)        Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                             (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                 Closing balance
                           Name of                    Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                           subsidiary                   assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi        998,767.35 1,236,999.95 2,235,767.30 1,197,141.45                                153,566.59 1,350,708.04

                           (continued)

                                                                                                 Opening balance
                           Name of                    Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                           subsidiary                   assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi        861,858.78 1,058,501.37 1,920,360.15 1,053,117.28                                163,801.87 1,216,919.15

                           Continued table:

                                                                      Amount for the year                                       Amount for previous year
                                                                                                 Cash flows                                                   Cash flows
                                                                                       Total           from                                        Total            from
                                                     Operating                 comprehensive      operating       Operating                comprehensive       operating
                           Name of subsidiary         revenue       Net profit       income        activities      revenue      Net profit       income         activities

                           Hisense Hitachi         2,216,676.14     324,371.23     324,371.23     522,993.90    2,013,457.15    271,831.59     271,831.59      342,761.74

        2.       Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
                 subsidiary

                (1)        Note to change in the ownership interest in subsidiary

                           1)          In January 2023, the minority shareholders of Hisense Mould, a subsidiary of the
                                       Company, carried out a capital increase. The Company’s shareholding in Hisense Mould
                                       changed from 83.47% to 82.41%, and the Company still has control over Hisense Mould
                                       after the capital increase.

                           2)          In 2023, due to changes in treasury shares of Sanden Company, a tier-two subsidiary of
                                       the Company, the Company’s shareholding in Sanden Company changed from 74.88% to
                                       74.95%, but the Company still has control over Sanden Company.

                           3)          In December 2023, Hisense Hitachi, a subsidiary of the Company, increased its capital
                                       contribution in Hitachi Marketing, a subsidiary of Hisense Hitachi, with a change in its
                                       shareholding after the capital increase, but the Company still has control over Hisense
                                       Hitachi.




218   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      2.     Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
             subsidiary (continued)

             (2)    Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity

                    ①     Capital increase by minority shareholders of Hisense Mould

                          Item                                                                     Hisense Mould

                          Cash                                                                        9,379,313.06
                          Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                           9,379,313.06
                          Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                            percentage acquired/disposed of                                         10,679,666.76
                          Difference                                                                -1,300,353.70
                          Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                 -1,300,353.70

                    ②     Changes in the Company's shareholding in Sanden Company

                          Item                                                                  Sanden Company

                          Cash
                          Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal
                          Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                            percentage acquired/disposed of                                            -965,595.85
                          Difference                                                                    965,595.85
                          Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                     965,595.85

                    ③     Changes in Hitachi Marketing's shareholding

                                                                                                          Hitachi
                          Item                                                                          Marketing

                          Cash                                                                    -116,715,200.00
                          Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                       -116,715,200.00
                          Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                            percentage acquired/disposed of                                       -116,724,101.29
                          Difference                                                                     8,901.29
                          Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                      8,901.29




                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   219
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        3.       Interests in joint ventures or associates

                (1)        Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates

                                                                                                                   (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                            Closing balance/        Opening balance/
                                                                                                 Amount for              Amount for
                           Item                                                                     the year           previous year

                           Joint ventures                                                                    –                         –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                       7,375.31                  5,173.79
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                             shareholdings                                                                  –                          –
                             – Net profit                                                             -222.33                     144.10
                             – Other comprehensive income                                              -13.45
                             – Total comprehensive income                                             -235.78                    144.10
                           Associates                                                                       –                         –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                    159,761.20                146,660.27
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                             shareholdings                                                                  –                         –
                             – Net profit                                                           32,594.45                 25,202.38
                             – Other comprehensive income                                              383.85                   -986.86
                             – Total comprehensive income                                           32,978.30                 24,215.52

IX.     GOVERNMENT GRANTS

        1.       Government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year

                 The Group had no government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year.

        2.       Liability items involving government grants

                                                             Amount of Amount included
                                               Opening       new grants in other income       Changes in         Closing     Asset-related/
                 Government grant items        balance      for the year    for the year   exchange rate         balance    income-related

                 Deferred income          145,435,582.02   25,835,796.87   26,047,566.27    3,565,530.91   148,789,343.53     Asset-related
                 Deferred income              400,000.00                                                       400,000.00   Income-related

                 Total                    145,835,582.02   25,835,796.87   26,047,566.27    3,565,530.91   149,189,343.53

        3.       Government grants included in profit or loss

                                                                                                  Amount for              Amount for
                 Accounting items                                                                   the Year        the previous year
                 Other income                                                                 539,937,696.50           399,118,596.09
                 Non-operating income                                                          75,026,671.90            95,280,842.65




220   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The Group faces a variety of financial instrument risks in its daily activities, which primarily include market
      risk (including exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The risks associated
      with these financial instruments and the risk management policies adopted by the Group to mitigate these risks
      are described below. The Group's management manages and monitors these risk exposures to ensure that the
      above risks are controlled within a limited range.

      1.     Various risk management objectives and policies

             The Group engages in risk management with the objective of striking an appropriate balance between
             risk and return, minimise the negative impact of risks on the Group's operating results and maximises
             the interests of shareholders and other equity investors. Based on this risk management objective, the
             basic strategy of the Group's risk management is to identify and analyse various risks faced by the
             Group, establish appropriate risk tolerance thresholds to manage the risks, and monitor various risks in
             a timely and reliable manner to control the risks within a limited range.

             (1)    Market risk

                    1)     Exchange rate risk

                           The Group's exposure to exchange rate risk is primarily related to USD and EUR. Such
                           risk is due to sales or purchases made by the Group in currencies other than its reporting
                           currency. The exchange rate risk arising from monetary assets and liabilities held by
                           the Group in foreign currencies may have an impact on the Group's results of business
                           operations.

                           As at the end of the Reporting Period, the carrying amounts of the Group’s major
                           monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were as
                           follows:

                                                           Closing balances                            Opening balances
                           Currency                         Assets            Liabilities               Assets            Liabilities

                           USD                      567,555,388.91     846,039,195.00           474,814,252.59     1,358,606,224.39
                           EUR                      172,190,075.44      55,108,811.39           127,696,160.14       336,877,464.66

                           The following table indicates the approximate effect of reasonably possible changes in
                           exchange rates, to which the Group had significant exposure at the end of the Reporting
                           Period, on the net profit:

                           Sensitivity analysis of changes in exchange rates:

                                                                                                                       For the
                           Item                                                             For the Year         Previous Year
                                                                                  Increase/Decrease         Increase/Decrease
                                                                                      in profit after           in profit after
                                                                                            taxation                  taxation
                           USD to RMB
                            Appreciates by 5%                                          -10,443,142.73            -33,142,198.94
                            Depreciates by 5%                                           10,443,142.73             33,142,198.94
                           EUR to RMB
                            Appreciates by 5%                                                4,390,547.40          -7,844,298.92
                            Depreciates by 5%                                               -4,390,547.40           7,844,298.92

                           The Group pays close attention to the impact of exchange rate changes on the Group,
                           and through research and judgement on the trend of foreign exchange rates, the Group
                           duly operates forward settlement/purchase of foreign exchange to effectively counteract
                           market risks and ensure a reasonable level of profit for the Company.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   221
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                 (1)       Market risk (continued)

                           2)         Interest rate risk

                                      The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing debts such as bank loans.
                                      Financial liabilities with floating interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
                                      rate risk, while financial liabilities with fixed interest rates expose the Group to fair
                                      value interest rate risk. The Group determines the relative proportions of fixed-rate and
                                      floating-rate contracts based on the prevailing market conditions. As at 31 December
                                      2023, the Group's interest-bearing debts mainly consisted of fixed-rate loan contracts
                                      denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB2,480,777,429.96 and the floating-rate
                                      contracts denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB79,702,273.34.

                                      The Group’s risk of changes in fair value of financial instruments resulted from the
                                      changes in interest rates is mainly associated with fixed-rate bank loans. For fixed-rate
                                      loans, the Group aims to maintain their floating rates.

                                      The Group’s risk of changes in cash flow of financial instruments resulted from the
                                      changes in interest rates is mainly associated with floating-rate bank loans. The Group’s
                                      policy is to maintain these loans at floating rates, so as to eliminate fair value risks
                                      arising from changes in interest rate.

                (2)        Credit risk

                           The Group manages credit risk by portfolio classification. Credit risk mainly arises from
                           monetary funds, notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables,
                           contract assets, etc.

                           The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with
                           higher credit rating. The Board of the Group believes these assets are not exposed to significant
                           credit risk that would cause financial losses.

                           The Group mitigates its exposure to risks in respect of trade and other receivables by dealing
                           w i t h d i v e r s i f i e d c u s t o m e r s w i t h h e a l t h y f i n a n c i a l p o s i t i o n s. C e r t a i n n e w c u s t o m e r s a r e
                           required by the Group to make cash payment in order to minimise credit risk. The Group seeks
                           to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control policy to
                           minimize credit risk. In addition, all receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and
                           overdue balances are followed up by senior management.

                           The credit risk on derivative instruments is not significant as the counterparties are high
                           creditworthy banks rated by international credit-rating agencies.

                           The maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of
                           financial assets shown on the consolidated financial statements.




222   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      1.     Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

             (3)   Liquidity risk

                    In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and
                    cash equivalents at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance
                    the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The
                    Group’s treasury department is responsible for maintaining a balance between continuity of
                    funding and flexibility through the use of bank credit in order to meet the Group’s liquidity
                    requirements.

                    In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the
                    liquidity of the Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability
                    of borrowings and loan financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that
                    the Group has adequate funding to fulfill its short-term obligations and capital expenditure
                    requirements.

                    As at the balance sheet date, the undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and
                    financial liabilities of the Group based on maturity date were as follows:

                    31 December 2023

                    Item                                        Within 1 year        1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                    Financial assets
                    Cash at bank and on hand                  4,939,273,198.62                                                        4,939,273,198.62
                    Transactional financial assets           13,192,025,535.87                                                       13,192,025,535.87
                    Notes receivable                            741,622,573.50                                                          741,622,573.50
                    Accounts receivable                       9,225,321,882.07                                                        9,225,321,882.07
                    Accounts receivable financing             4,643,427,583.77                                                        4,643,427,583.77
                    Other receivables                           145,804,125.45                                                          145,804,125.45
                    Other current assets                        428,942,015.90                                                          428,942,015.90
                    Non-current assets due within one year    3,641,708,361.11                                                        3,641,708,361.11
                    Other non-current financial assets                                                                 27,197,809.69     27,197,809.69
                    Other non-current assets                                     4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23                  9,750,910,000.02

                    Total                                    36,958,125,276.29   4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23   27,197,809.69 46,736,233,086.00

                    Financial liabilities
                    Short-term borrowings                     2,502,318,314.58                                                          2,502,318,314.58
                    Transactional financial liabilities          54,355,584.93                                                             54,355,584.93
                    Notes payable                            14,608,429,378.74                                                         14,608,429,378.74
                    Accounts payable                         12,049,877,232.20                                                         12,049,877,232.20
                    Other payables                            4,670,674,014.20                                                          4,670,674,014.20
                    Other current liabilities                 6,442,483,786.34                                                          6,442,483,786.34
                    Non-current liabilities due within
                      one year                                 129,924,113.67                                                            129,924,113.67
                    Lease liabilities                                              97,238,874.85      95,803,553.55    38,932,932.94     231,975,361.34
                    Long-term borrowings                                            962,797.50        44,251,224.00                       45,214,021.50

                    Total                                    40,458,062,424.66     98,201,672.35     140,054,777.55    38,932,932.94 40,735,251,807.50




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     223
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                (3)        Liquidity risk (continued)

                           31 December 2022

                           Item                                        Within 1 year        1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                           Financial assets
                           Cash at bank and on hand                  6,001,295,427.37                                                          6,001,295,427.37
                           Transactional financial assets            6,758,233,998.86                                                          6,758,233,998.86
                           Notes receivable                            144,188,330.26                                                            144,188,330.26
                           Accounts receivable                       7,665,702,299.91                                                          7,665,702,299.91
                           Accounts receivable financing             5,072,959,470.76                                                          5,072,959,470.76
                           Other receivables                           475,034,340.60                                                            475,034,340.60
                           Other current assets                        864,357,351.72                                                            864,357,351.72
                           Non-current assets due within one year    1,986,840,000.00                                                          1,986,840,000.00
                           Other non-current financial assets                                                                 25,748,931.39       25,748,931.39
                           Other non-current assets                                     3,545,074,611.12   4,433,855,833.33                    7,978,930,444.45

                           Total                                    28,968,611,219.48   3,545,074,611.12   4,433,855,833.33   25,748,931.39 36,973,290,595.32

                           Financial liabilities
                           Short-term borrowings                     1,462,253,713.24                                                          1,462,253,713.24
                           Transactional financial liabilities           1,745,488.01                                                              1,745,488.01
                           Notes payable                            11,322,271,209.54                                                         11,322,271,209.54
                           Accounts payable                          9,717,666,826.44                                                          9,717,666,826.44
                           Other payables                            5,219,154,864.04                                                          5,219,154,864.04
                           Other current liabilities                 5,643,445,390.50                                                          5,643,445,390.50
                           Non-current liabilities due within
                             one year                                 146,539,109.09                                                            146,539,109.09
                           Lease liabilities                                             114,995,774.57     121,816,855.82    45,185,161.05     281,997,791.44
                           Long-term borrowings                                                              19,808,239.84                       19,808,239.84

                           Total                                    33,513,076,600.86    114,995,774.57     141,625,095.66    45,185,161.05 33,814,882,632.14




224   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      2.     Hedging business

             (1)   The Company conducts hedging business for risk management

                    In order to avoid the exchange rate risk faced by the foreign exchange business and to ensure
                    sound operation, the Group conducted forward foreign exchange business to evade the risk
                    of foreign exchange business without engaging in any speculative operation. The approval
                    procedures for the Group's use of self-owned funds to carry out foreign exchange hedging
                    business were in compliance with relevant national laws and regulations and relevant provisions
                    of the "Internal Control System for Forward Foreign Exchange Funds Transaction Business" and
                    the "Foreign Exchange Management Procedures and Measures" formulated by the Company.

             (2)   The Company conducts hedging operations for risk management, expects to achieve its risk
                   management objectives, but does not apply hedge accounting.

                                                                                                                   Impact on financial
                    Item                        Reasons for not applying hedge accounting                          statements

                    Forward foreign             The Company carries out foreign exchange                           Gain or loss from
                      exchange                  derivatives transactions that are closely linked                   changes in fair value:
                      settlement/sale           to its daily operations and strictly controls                      RMB-74,651,449.98;
                                                the scale and risks, and temporarily conducts                      Investment income:
                                                simplified treatment to balance the management                     RMB-245,671,136.32.
                                                costs and benefits.

      3.     Transfer of financial assets

             (1)   Classification of transfer methods

                                            Nature of                     Amount of
                                            transferred                  transferred
                    Transfer methods        financial assets         financial assets   Derecognition    Basis for determining derecognition

                    Endorsement or          Notes receivable          82,390,636.93     Not derecognised Almost all of its risks and rewards have been
                     discounting of notes                                                                 retained, including the related default risk.
                    Endorsement or          Receivables financing   5,946,576,428.69    Derecognised Almost all of its risks and rewards have been
                     discounting of notes                                                                 transferred.

                    Total                                           6,028,967,065.62

             (2)   Financial assets derecognised due to transfer

                                                                                                        Amount of            Gain or loss
                                                           Method for the transfer                 financial assets          related to
                    Item                                   of financial assets                        derecognised           derecognition

                    Receivables financing                  Endorsement or                        5,946,576,428.69
                                                           discounting of notes

                    Total                                                                        5,946,576,428.69




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023     225
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XI.     DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

        1.       Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the Year

                                                                                       Fair value as at the end of the Year
                                                                 Level 1 fair value   Level 2 fair value    Level 3 fair value
                 Item                                               measurement          measurement           measurement                  Total

                 I.  Fair value measurement on a
                     recurring basis                                             –                    –                     –                    –
                     (i) Transactional financial assets                                    4,285,180.76     13,187,740,355.11    13,192,025,535.87
                           1. Financial assets at fair value
                               through profit or loss                                      4,285,180.76     13,187,740,355.11    13,192,025,535.87
                               (1) Wealth management
                                    products                                                                13,187,740,355.11    13,187,740,355.11
                               (2) Derivative financial assets                             4,285,180.76                               4,285,180.76
                     (ii) Other debt investments                                                             4,643,427,583.77     4,643,427,583.77
                           1. Receivables financing                                                          4,643,427,583.77     4,643,427,583.77
                     (iii) Other equity instrument investments                                                  40,244,766.96        40,244,766.96
                     (iv) Other non-current financial assets                                                    27,197,809.69        27,197,809.69
                 Total assets measured at fair value
                   on a recurring basis                                                    4,285,180.76     17,898,610,515.53    17,902,895,696.29
                     (v) Transactional financial liabilities                              54,355,584.93                              54,355,584.93
                           1. Financial liabilities at fair
                               value through profit or loss                               54,355,584.93                             54,355,584.93
                               (1) Derivative financial
                                    liabilities                                           54,355,584.93                             54,355,584.93
                 Total liabilities measured at fair value
                   on a recurring basis                                                   54,355,584.93                             54,355,584.93

        2.       Basis for determination of the market value of Level 1 fair value measurements on a recurring
                 and non-recurring basis

                 For transactional financial assets held by the Company subject to Level 1 fair value measurements, the
                 quoted market prices of the corresponding products and investments in the open market shall be used as
                 the basis for determining the market value.

        3.       Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
                 for items at level 2 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

                 The Group’s items at level 2 fair value measurement are forward foreign exchange settlement and
                 sales contracts. As at the balance sheet date, the Group had obtained forward exchange rate quotations
                 from contracted banks, which were determined based on the remaining term to maturity. The fair
                 value of such forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts were determined by multiplying
                 the difference between the quotations and agreed exchange rates for such forward foreign exchange
                 settlement and sales contracts by the amount for forward foreign exchange settlement and sales.




226   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XI.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (continued)

      4.     Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
             for items at Level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

             The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products of banks, receivables financing, other
             investments in equity instruments, and other non-current financial assets. The wealth management
             products of banks forecast future cash flows using the expected rate of return and the unobservable
             input value is the expected rate of return. The receivables financing are notes receivable held by the
             Group having relatively short remaining maturity with their carrying amount appropriate to fair value,
             and adopt carrying amount as their fair value. Other investments in equity instruments are mainly
             equity investments for which there is no observable and active market data to validate the financial
             projections using their own data.

             A gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB85,767,387.12 was recognised in respect of the wealth
             management products of banks during the year. Changes in the unobservable input (expected rate of
             return) do not result in significant changes in fair value. At the end of the year, the Group determined
             the fair value to be the forecast future cash flows based on the expected rate of return, and the changes
             in valuation techniques had a relatively insignificant impact on the financial statements.

XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      1.     Relationship with related parties

             (1)   Parent company of the Company

                                                                                                                  Parent           Parent
                                                                                                               company’s       company’s
                                                                                                            percentage of   percentage of
                                                                                               Registered shareholding in voting rights in
                    Name of the               Place of                                            capital   the Company     the Company
                    parent company            registration Business nature                   (RMB0’000)              (%)              (%)

                    Qingdao Hisense Air-      Qingdao     Manufacture of air-                     67,479            37.23              37.23
                     Conditioning Co., Ltd.               conditioners and moulds and
                                                          provision of after-sale services

                    The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and
                    the Company has no actual controller.

             (2)   Subsidiaries of the Company

                    For details of subsidiaries, please refer to relevant information as set out in “VIII. 1.(1) Major
                    composition of the enterprise group” in the Notes.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   227
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        1.       Relationship with related parties (continued)

                (3)        Joint ventures and associates of the Company

                           Other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company during
                           the Year, or had balances arising from related party transactions with the Company in the
                           pervious periods, are as follows:

                           Name of joint ventures or associates                        Relationship with the Company

                           Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                    Associate
                           Hisense Marketing Management                                Joint venture
                           Hisense Huanya Holdings                                     Joint venture
                           Hisense International Marketing                             Associate
                           Associate of Sanden Company                                 Associate

                (4)        Other related parties of the Company

                           Name of other related parties                               Relationship with the Company

                           Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       Indirect holding company and
                             (“Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries”)             other subsidiaries controlled by
                                                                                         them
                           Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)               Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                                                                                         company
                           Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries    Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                             (“Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries”, formerly known      company
                             as Qingdao Hisense Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.)
                           Hisense Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries          Related parties with significant
                             (“Hisense Group and its subsidiaries”)                      influence over indirect
                                                                                         controlling shareholders of the
                                                                                         Company
                           Haifeng Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries          Related parties with significant
                            (“Haifeng Group and its subsidiaries”)                       influence over indirect
                                                                                         controlling shareholders of the
                                                                                         Company
                           Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited                        Minority shareholder of Beijing
                             (“Xuehua Group”)                                            Refrigerator
                           Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding           Controlling shareholder of the
                             (UK) Ltd. (“Johnson Hitachi”)                               minority shareholder of Hisense
                                                                                         Hitachi

        2.       Greencool Companies, controlled by the original de facto controller of the Company, had a series
                 of transactions or unusual cash inflows and outflows through the following “Specific Third Party
                 Companies”

                 Name of related party                                                 Relationship with the Company

                 Shangqiu Bingxiong                                                    Specific Third Party Company




228   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Related party transactions

             (1)   Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                                                Whether the
                                               Particulars of                                  Approved     transaction limit
                                               related party             Amount for     transaction limit         is exceeded        Amount for
                    Related party              transactions                the year       (as applicable)     (as applicable)      previous year

                    Hisense Visual and its     Finished goods            4,754,693.25                                                918,244.34
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                          604,960,000.00                  No
                    Hisense Holdings and its   Finished goods         390,215,371.17                                              188,935,618.39
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its    Finished goods         103,503,403.90      105,000,000.00                  No       61,194,455.27
                      subsidiaries
                    Associates of Sanden       Finished goods          41,087,438.64                 N/A                 N/A       26,456,215.56
                      Company

                    Subtotal of purchase of
                     finished goods                                   539,560,906.96                                              277,504,533.56

                    Hisense Visual and its     Materials              272,396,030.79                                               90,485,294.08
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                        3,109,350,000.00                  No
                    Hisense Holdings and its   Materials             1,710,332,860.33                                             906,214,153.93
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its    Materials              774,886,175.51    1,167,000,000.00                  No      639,120,768.08
                      subsidiaries
                    Associates of Sanden       Materials              364,902,747.82                 N/A                 N/A      408,552,177.23
                      Company

                    Subtotal of purchase of
                     materials                                       3,122,517,814.45                                           2,044,372,393.32

                    Hisense Visual and its     Equipment                  818,722.83                 N/A                 N/A
                     subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its   Equipment               17,488,068.11                 N/A                 N/A       16,570,640.33
                     subsidiaries

                    Subtotal of purchase of
                     equipment                                         18,306,790.94                                               16,570,640.33

                    Hisense Group and its      Receipt of services     11,559,970.60                 N/A                 N/A
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its     Receipt of services     61,839,849.68                                               47,572,155.02
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                        1,770,160,000.00                  No
                    Hisense Holdings and its   Receipt of services   1,234,452,379.55                                           1,282,141,721.04
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its    Receipt of services     15,204,771.67       31,810,000.00                  No       23,319,525.78
                      subsidiaries
                    Xuehua Group               Receipt of services         411,376.81                N/A                 N/A
                    SITC Group                 Receipt of services         186,050.41                N/A                 N/A
                    Associates of Sanden       Receipt of services       4,054,442.98                N/A                 N/A       17,377,293.44
                      Company

                    Subtotal of receipt of
                     services                                        1,327,708,841.70                                           1,370,410,695.28

                    Note:    The lease payment amounted to RMB55,513,100 recognised by the Company as a lessee was
                             included in the “receipt of services” under related party transactions during the Year.




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   229
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (1)        Purchase of goods/receipt of services (continued)

                           The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the
                           Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2022 convened on 7 November 2022,
                           the first extraordinary general meeting in 2023 convened on 9 January 2023, and the first
                           interim meeting of the Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2023 convened
                           on 5 January 2023, respectively.

                           The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its
                           subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                           Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have complied with the
                           disclosure and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules;
                           The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement, and the
                           Board has approved the transactions and the Directors (including the Independent Non-executive
                           Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, on
                           normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and in the
                           interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected transactions
                           w i t h J o h n s o n H i t a c h i a r e e x e m p t f r o m t h e c i r c u l a r, i n d e p e n d e n t f i n a n c i a l a d v i c e a n d
                           Shareholders’ approval requirements according to of Rule 14A.101 of the Hong Kong Listing
                           Rules).

                           Other than the above transactions, the transactions with related parties conducted in 2023 as
                           disclosed in note 12 of the financial statements in the 2023 annual report do not constitute
                           connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




230   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (2)   Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                    Particulars of                                               Whether the
                                                    related party         Amount for           Approved      transaction limit        Amount for
                    Related party                   transactions            the year     transaction limit        is exceeded       previous year

                    Hisense Visual and its          Finished goods         763,090.09                                                 1,814,439.38
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                         29,309,610,000.00                 No
                    Hisense Holdings and its        Finished goods   21,158,664,710.68                                           17,241,376,478.02
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its         Finished goods     252,439,156.76      399,550,000.00                  No      247,503,190.27
                      subsidiaries
                    Associates of Sanden            Finished goods    1,407,127,497.78                N/A                 N/A     1,500,967,662.36
                      Company

                    Subtotal of sale of finished
                     goods                                           22,818,994,455.31                                           18,991,661,770.03

                    Hisense Visual and its          Materials          767,388,506.27                                                     3,210.36
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                          3,059,510,000.00                 No
                    Hisense Holdings and its        Materials          498,524,878.22                                              360,863,097.84
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its         Materials             5,377,684.80      18,040,000.00                  No       10,042,606.10
                      subsidiaries
                    Associates of Sanden            Materials                                         N/A                 N/A          202,030.15
                      Company

                    Subtotal of sale of materials                     1,271,291,069.29                                             371,110,944.45

                    Hisense Holdings and its        Equipment              889,453.90                 N/A                 N/A
                     subsidiaries

                    Subtotal of sale of equipment                          889,453.90

                    Hisense Visual and its          Moulds              40,445,176.14                                               44,625,995.11
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                           142,820,000.00                  No
                    Hisense Holdings and its        Moulds              27,131,077.02                                               28,800,456.92
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its         Moulds                9,851,989.56      15,000,000.00                  No
                      subsidiaries

                    Subtotal of sale of moulds                          77,428,242.72                                               73,426,452.03

                    Hisense Group and its           Rendering of            85,313.34                 N/A                 N/A
                     subsidiaries                    service
                    Hisense Visual and its          Rendering of          6,129,338.71                                             295,889,962.11
                     subsidiaries                    service
                                                                                            75,640,000.00                  No
                    Hisense Holdings and its        Rendering of        58,333,275.40                                               19,721,455.59
                     subsidiaries                    service
                    Xuehua Group                    Rendering of                                      N/A                 N/A
                                                     service

                    Subtotal of rendering of
                     services                                           64,547,927.45                                              315,611,417.70

                    Note:     The lease revenue amounted to RMB9,813,800 recognised by the Company as a lessor was included
                              in the “rendering of services” under related party transactions during the Year.



                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   231
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (2)        Sale of goods/rendering of service (continued)

                           The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the
                           Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2022 convened on 7 November 2022,
                           the first extraordinary general meeting in 2023 convened on 9 January 2023, the first interim
                           meeting of the Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2023 convened on
                           5 January 2023, and the fourth meeting of the Company’s Eleventh Session of the Board of
                           Directors in 2023 convened on 30 October 2023, respectively.

                           The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its
                           subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong
                           Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have complied
                           with the disclosure and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong
                           Kong Listing Rules (provided that the Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business
                           Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved the transactions and the Directors
                           (including the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the
                           transactions are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual
                           course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a
                           whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular,
                           independent financial advice and shareholders’ approval requirements under 14A.101 of the
                           Listing Rules).

                           Other than the above transactions, the transactions with related parties conducted in 2023 as
                           disclosed in note 12 of the financial statements in the 2023 annual report do not constitute
                           connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                (3)        Related guarantees

                           1)     As guaranteed party

                                                                                                                                             Whether the
                                                                                                                                             guarantee has
                                  Name of guarantor                     Amount of guarantee     Guarantee start date Guarantee expiry date   been fulfilled

                                  Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited   JPY 12,000,000,000.00             2022-5-30              2023-5-26   Fulfilled
                                  Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited   JPY 12,000,000,000.00             2023-5-25              2024-5-24   Outstanding




232   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (4)    Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                                                  Amount of
                                                   loans and
                    Name of related parties      borrowings    Start date   Expiry date   Remarks

                    Placements
                    Hisense Group Holdings    445,734,400.00     2022-4-8      2023-4-6   Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB7,486,287.70 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    304,338,900.00     2022-4-8      2023-4-6   Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB2,647,945.92 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     91,932,720.00    2022-4-20    2023-4-20    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB1,755,534.24 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     27,858,400.00    2022-5-30    2023-5-30    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB714,969.50 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    289,030,900.00    2022-4-29    2023-4-28    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB5,745,489.47 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    390,017,600.00    2022-5-20    2023-5-19    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB9,248,190.98 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    209,432,000.00    2022-7-11    2023-7-11    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB1,656,937.76 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    209,432,000.00    2022-8-12    2023-2-13    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB957,800.50 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     52,785,720.00    2023-1-19    2023-2-17    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB103,986.07 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    287,346,000.00    2023-4-28    2024-4-26    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB14,004,077.29 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      7,661,940.00    2023-5-15    2024-5-14    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB346,786.34 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    393,993,600.00    2023-5-19    2024-5-17    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB17,365,984.90 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     28,327,200.00    2023-5-30    2024-5-29    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB1,184,285.43 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      7,128,900.00    2023-6-19    2024-6-19    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB205,910.42 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     14,347,200.00    2023-9-18    2024-9-18    Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB164,240.15 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     12,776,760.00   2023-12-19   2024-12-19    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB32,232.38 was paid
                                                                                            during the year




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023     233
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (5)        Other connected transactions

                           1)    As at 31 December 2023, the Group had balance of bank deposit of RMB15,337,864,400
                                 (listed in monetary funds, other current assets, other non-current assets due within
                                 one year and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity),
                                 n e t d e p o s i t a n d w i t h d r a w a l o f R M B191,959,500, a n d b a l a n c e o f n o t e s p a y a b l e o f
                                 RMB1,556,151,800 with Hisense Finance. The Group recognised the loan amount of
                                 Hisense Finance of RMB110,319,500, the amount of loan interest of RMB1,913,100,
                                 t h e a m o u n t o f d i s c o u n t e d i n t e r e s t p a i d f o r n o t e s o f R M B818,800, t h e a m o u n t o f
                                 handling fees paid for electronic bank acceptance notes of RMB1,047,200, and the
                                 amount of handling fees for settlement services paid for receipt and payment of funds
                                 o f R M B1,037,400. I n t e r e s t i n c o m e f r o m b a n k d e p o s i t s o f R M B332,134,100 w a s
                                 recognised for Hisense Finance. During the Year, the amount involved for the provision
                                 of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services provided by Hisense Finance to
                                 the Group was RMB86,611,400, and the amount for provision of discounted notes was
                                 RMB290,350,500.

                           2)    The Company held the 2021 Second Interim Meeting of the Eleventh Session of the
                                 Board on 15 October 2021, which considered and approved the “Framework Contract
                                 for Purchase of Part of the Houses at No. 7 Hisense Liaoyang Road” entered into by the
                                 Company and Qingdao Hisense Real Estate Company Limited as well as the connected
                                 transactions proposed to be carried out under this Contract. The Company agreed to
                                 subscribe for part of the houses from the 14th floor to the 21st floor of Building No.
                                 2, Hisense-Liaoyang Road No. 7 Project (the "Project") located at No. 567 Liaoyang
                                 West Road, Shibei District, Qingdao City, Shandong Province (the "Subject House")
                                 with a total planned floor area of 5,141.14 square meters (subject to the final measured
                                 a r e a d e t e r m i n e d b y r e l e v a n t g o v e r n m e n t d e p a r t m e n t s) a t a c o n s i d e r a t i o n o f n o t
                                 exceeding RMB117 million, which will be used as staff apartments of the Company.
                                 The transaction price was determined on the principles of fairness and reasonableness
                                 through negotiation between both parties to the transaction based on a comparison with
                                 comparable properties in the market and the public sale price of Hisense Real Estate. The
                                 transaction amount incurred during the Year was RMB102 million (excluding VAT).

                           3)    The Company held the 2023 ninth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
                                 of the Company on 21 December 2023, which considered and approved the establishment
                                 of Qingdao Hisense Huanya Holdings Co., Ltd. jointly invested by the Company and
                                 Hisense Visual. The registered capital of the joint venture was RMB318,300,000.00,
                                 and each party contributed in cash respectively, of which: Hisense Visual contributed
                                 RMB159,150,000.00, accounting for 50% of the registered capital; and the Company
                                 contributed RMB159,150,000.00, accounting for 50% of the registered capital. As at 31
                                 December 2023, the capital contribution has been completed.

                           4)    Pursuant to the Trademark Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company
                                 and Hisense Group, the Group is entitled to use the trademark of “海信” and “Hisense”
                                 within the scope of permission and during the licensing period in the agreement at nil
                                 consideration.




234   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      4.     Receivables from and payables to related parties

             (1)   Receivables from related parties

                                                                                           Closing balance                      Opening balance
                                                                                                      Provision for                        Provision for
                    Item                   Related party                              Book value         bad debts          Book value        bad debts

                    Receivables Financing Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      12,428,611.93                         292,961,372.58
                    Receivables Financing Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                           81,566,277.21                         245,335,521.69

                    Subtotal                                                       93,994,889.14                         538,296,894.27

                    Notes receivable       Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 319,007,723.28
                    Notes receivable       Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                      226,887,871.53

                    Subtotal                                                      545,895,594.81

                    Interest receivable    Hisense Finance                        426,261,929.09                         305,146,673.85

                    Subtotal                                                      426,261,929.09                         305,146,673.85

                    Accounts receivable    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 96,504,120.74                              38,379,414.56             53.78
                    Accounts receivable    Hisense Group and its subsidiaries       708,092.53          708,092.53
                    Accounts receivable    Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                     5,197,036,356.39        20,130,123.69 3,293,667,509.15        3,993,192.42
                    Accounts receivable    Johnson Hitachi and its
                                             subsidiaries                        68,933,497.31                            75,283,087.23
                    Accounts receivable    Associates of Sanden Company         319,759,158.27          443,445.56       419,499,089.42      282,366.69

                    Subtotal                                                     5,682,941,225.24     21,281,661.78 3,826,829,100.36        4,275,612.89

                    Other receivables      Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        190,548.80             18,000.00        84,813.15        18,000.00
                    Other receivables      Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                           2,106,607.85         392,320.98       15,533,884.06      984,664.56
                    Other receivables      Associates of Sanden Company            23,908,679.93      23,144,878.94       38,772,232.79

                    Subtotal                                                       26,205,836.58      23,555,199.92       54,390,930.00     1,002,664.56

                    Dividends receivable   Associates of Sanden Company                89,630.21                         152,634,355.75

                    Subtotal                                                           89,630.21                         152,634,355.75

                    Prepayments            Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        411,109.28                              47,972.80
                    Prepayments            Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                          87,637,498.40                          36,331,999.75

                    Subtotal                                                       88,048,607.68                          36,379,972.55

                    Other non-current      Hisense Group Holdings and its
                      assets                 subsidiaries                            6,384,738.43                         51,728,324.82

                    Subtotal                                                         6,384,738.43                         51,728,324.82

                    Note:      Interest receivable represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the effective interest rate
                               method. It is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial assets and is listed in
                               other current assets, non-current assets due within one year, and other non-current assets according
                               to holding intention and liquidity.

                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   235
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        4.       Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)

                (2)        Payables to related parties

                           Item                Related party                                 Closing balance   Opening balance

                           Note payable        Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              4,638,174.56     26,769,657.01
                           Note payable        Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries     68,374,144.06     27,656,165.47
                           Note payable        Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries           279,435,254.04    295,057,130.98
                           Note payable        Associates of Sanden Company                     1,402,649.94      1,518,715.00

                           Subtotal                                                           353,850,222.60    351,001,668.46

                           Accounts payable    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              1,885,200.49        329,137.24
                           Accounts payable    Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries    251,028,022.33    851,629,758.98
                           Accounts payable    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries            43,155,749.32     37,129,015.58
                           Accounts payable    Associates of Sanden Company                    40,136,801.48     26,483,074.76

                           Subtotal                                                           336,205,773.62    915,570,986.56

                           Dividends payable Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries              68,073,826.50     64,986,946.54

                           Subtotal                                                            68,073,826.50     64,986,946.54

                           Other payables      Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                406,339.02         436,321.32
                           Other payables      Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                  50,983.14          50,983.14
                           Other payables      Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries    818,587,876.17   2,069,583,306.23
                           Other payables      Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries               200,000.00         200,000.00
                           Other payables      Xuehua Group                                       100,859.00         100,859.00
                           Other payables      Associates of Sanden Company                    37,781,629.00       8,917,679.48

                           Subtotal                                                           857,127,686.33   2,079,289,149.17

                           Advances            Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                160,022.73

                           Subtotal                                                               160,022.73

                           Contractual         Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                           12,939.87        187,630.70
                           Contractual         Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                      102,170,950.58     60,071,489.34
                           Contractual         Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                           21,851.62       1,428,854.04

                           Subtotal                                                           102,205,742.07     61,687,974.08

                           Other non-current Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                      576,186,668.20    644,260,494.71

                           Subtotal                                                           576,186,668.20    644,260,494.71

                (3)        Transactions with “Specific Third Party Companies”

                                                                                                    Closing          Beginning
                           Item                                Related party                     book value         book value

                           Other receivables                   Shangqiu Bingxiong                                58,030,000.00

                           Subtotal of other receivables                                                         58,030,000.00


236   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      5.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees

             (1)   The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows:

                    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                                     Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                       Emoluments of                    Pension
                                                                        independent    Salaries and      scheme    Share-based
                    Name                     Position                      directors    allowances contributions     payments             Total

                    Executive directors
                    Dai Hui Zhong            Chairman                                       637.82          4.28        446.47       1,088.57
                    Jia Shao Qian            Director                                                                   272.84         272.84
                    Yu Zhi Tao               Director
                    Hu Jian Yong             Director, President                            725.22          4.27        474.14       1,203.63
                    Xia Zhang Zhua           Director                                       309.82          4.33        223.24         537.39
                    Gao Yu Ling              Director, CFO                                  329.80          4.33        272.84         606.97
                    Lin Lan                  Former Director
                    Fei Li Cheng             Former Director                                111.94          4.31                         116.25

                    Independent non-
                       executive directors
                    Zhong Geng Shen          Independent non-executive         14.00                                                      14.00
                                               director
                    Cheung Sai Kit           Independent non-executive         24.00                                                      24.00
                                               director
                    Li Zhi Gang              Independent non-executive         13.68                                                      13.68
                                               director
                    Ma Jin Quan              Former independent                 0.32                                                       0.32
                                               non-executive director

                    Supervisors
                    Liu Zhen Shun            Chairman of the
                                               Supervisory Committee
                    Sun Jia Hui              Supervisor
                    Yin Zhi Xin              Supervisor                                     221.77          4.25        109.14           335.16

                    Total                                                      52.00      2,336.37         25.77      1,798.67       4,212.81

                    ①        Note: During the Year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any director as an inducement
                             to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                             Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Year.


                    ②        Mr. Yu Zhi Tao was appointed as a director of the Company in April 2023.




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023    237
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        5.       Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

                (1)        The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                           ③        Mr. Hu Jian Yong was appointed as the President of the Company in February 2023, and was
                                    appointed as a director of the Company in April 2023.


                           ④        Mr. Lin Lan resigned in February 2023 and ceased to be a director of the Company.


                           ⑤        Mr. Fei Li Cheng resigned in February 2023 and ceased to be a director of the Company.


                           ⑥        Mr. Li Zhi Gang was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in January
                                    2023.


                           ⑦        Mr. Ma Jin Quan resigned in January 2023 and ceased to be an independent non-executive director
                                    of the Company.

                           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                        Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                 Emoluments of                        Pension
                                                                                   independent    Salaries and         scheme
                           Name                    Position                           directors    allowances    contributions      Total

                           Executive directors
                           Dai Hui Zhong           Chairman, President                                 624.26             4.00     628.26
                           Lin Lan                 Director
                           Jia Shao Qian           Director
                           Fei Li Cheng            Director                                            702.19             4.06     706.25
                           Xia Zhang Zhua          Director                                            211.24             3.99     215.23
                           Gao Yu Ling             Director, CFO                                       219.33             3.99     223.32

                           Independent non-
                              executive director
                           Ma Jin Quan             Independent non-executive              14.00                                     14.00
                                                     director
                           Zhong Geng Shen         Independent non-executive              14.00                                     14.00
                                                     director
                           Cheung Sai Kit          Independent non-executive              24.00                                     24.00
                                                     director
                           Li Zhi Gang             Independent non-executive
                                                     director

                           Supervisors
                           Liu Zhen Shun           Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                     Committee
                           Sun Jia Hui             Supervisor
                           Yin Zhi Xin             Supervisor                                           81.72             3.99      85.71

                           Total                                                          52.00       1,838.74          20.03     1,910.77




238   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      5.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

             (1)   The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                    ①       Note: During the Year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any director as an inducement
                            to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                            Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Year.

             (2)   Five highest paid individuals

                    In 2023, two (2022: two) of the five highest paid individuals of the Company were the directors.
                    The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three individuals (2022: three) are as
                    follows (in respect of the range of emoluments for 2023, emoluments of one individual exceeded
                    R M B4,500,000 a n d b e l o w R M B5,000,000, t h a t o f o n e i n d i v i d u a l e x c e e d e d R M B4,000,000
                    and below RMB4,500,000, and that of one individual exceeded RMB3,500,000 and below
                    RMB4,000,000; in respect of the range of emoluments for 2022, emoluments of one individual
                    exceeded RMB3,000,000 and below RMB3,500,000, and that of two individuals exceeded
                    RMB2,000,000 and below RMB2,500,000):

                                                                                                                Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                               Amount for          Amount for the
                    Item                                                                         the Year           Previous Year

                    Salaries and allowances                                                        1,310.88                    792.46
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                       8.53                      8.08

                    Total                                                                          1,319.41                    800.54

             (3)   Emoluments of key management personnel

                                                                                                                Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                               Amount for          Amount for the
                    Item                                                                         the Year           Previous Year

                    Directors and supervisors
                    Emoluments, salaries and allowances of independent
                      directors                                                                    2,388.38                 1,890.75
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                      25.76                    20.01
                    Share-based payments                                                           1,798.67
                    Emoluments of other key management personnel
                    Salaries and allowances                                                          116.90                     65.95
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                       4.25                      3.25
                    Share-based payments                                                              89.29

                    Total                                                                          4,423.25                 1,979.96

                    Note:   Key management personnel refer to the senior management who has the authority and responsibility
                            for planning, directing and controlling the corporate activities.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   239
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        6.       Pension scheme

                 In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined
                 contribution pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of
                 employees of the Group. According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension
                 fund at certain percentage of the total salaries and wages of its employees.

XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

        1.       General information about share-based payments

                (1)        Overview on Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                           On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share
                           class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting considered and approved
                           the “Resolution on the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares (Draft) of the
                           Company and its Summary”, the “Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal
                           System of the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company” and the
                           “Resolution to Propose the General Meeting to Authorise the Board to Handle Matters Relating
                           to the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company''. On the same day,
                           the 2023 third extraordinary general meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2023
                           first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee were convened to consider
                           and approve the ''Proposal for the Granting of Restricted Shares to Incentive Recipients under
                           the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares''. The above resolutions determined
                           that the total number of restricted shares granted to 596 incentive recipients was 29,618,000
                           shares. As some of the incentive recipients forfeited the restricted shares granted to them, the
                           actual number of recipients of the first grant under the Incentive Scheme was 511, the number
                           of shares granted was 25,422,000 shares, and the grant price was RMB6.64 per share.

                (2)        Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                           The Company held the 2022 tenth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the
                           2022 fourth meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee on 30 December
                           2022, and the 2023 first A Share class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general
                           meeting on 28 February 2023, which considered and approved relevant resolutions, such as the
                           “Resolution on the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company and its
                           Summary” and the “Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the 2022 Employee Stock
                           Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company”, agreeing to implement the 2022 Employee
                           Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and authorising the Board to handle the matters in relation
                           to the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company. On 12 May 2023,
                           th e C o mp an y h eld th e 2023 s ixth inte rim me e ting of the Ele ve nth Se s s ion of the B o ar d,
                           which considered and passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of Reserved Shares under the
                           Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares in 2022” within the scope of authorisation of the
                           2023 second extraordinary general meeting. The participants of this Employee Stock Ownership
                           Plan are the directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior management and
                           other core employees of the Company, with the total number of the first grant not exceeding
                           30 participants (excluding the reserved shares) and with the reserved shares allocated to
                           29 p a r t i c i p a n t s. T h e n u m b e r o f t h e u n d e r l y i n g s h a r e s i n v o l v e d i n t h i s E m p l o y e e S t o c k
                           Ownership Plan was not more than 11,700,000 shares. According to the actual subscription
                           and final payment by the participants, a total of 52 employees (including reserved shares)
                           actually participated in the subscription of shares of the first grant under the 2022 Employee
                           Stock Ownership Plan of the Company, corresponding to 10,810,000 shares, with the grant
                           price of RMB6.64 per share. The source of the shares was the Company's repurchase of its
                           shares through a special securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding
                           transactions.




240   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

      1.     General information about share-based payments (continued)

             (2)    Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                                                    Granted during the Year        Exercised during the Year     Unlocked during the Year          Expired during the Year
                    Category of grant targets        Quantity          Amount       Quantity            Amount    Quantity           Amount        Quantity           Amount

                    Senior management and core
                      personnel                  36,232,000.00 240,580,480.00                                                                      212,000.00    1,407,680.00

                    Total                        36,232,000.00 240,580,480.00                                                                      212,000.00    1,407,680.00


                    Share options or other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year

                                                              Other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year
                    Category of                                  Range of
                    grant targets                          exercise prices Remaining contractual term

                    Senior management                                           6.64    The validity period of the equity incentive scheme
                      and core personnel                                                  shall commence on the date of completion of the
                                                                                          registration of the grant of restricted shares and
                                                                                          end on the date on which all restricted shares
                                                                                          granted to the target of the incentive scheme
                                                                                          are released from restriction or repurchased and
                                                                                          cancelled, which shall not exceed 48 months at
                                                                                          the longest.

      2.     Equity settled share-based payments

             Item                                                                  During the Year

             Method for determining fair value of equity                           The fair value of restricted shares and the Employee
              instruments on the date of grant                                       Stock Ownership Plan is determined by subtracting
                                                                                     the grant price from the market price on the date of
                                                                                     grant.

             Important parameters for fair value of equity                         Market price on the date of grant
               instruments on the date of grant

             Basis for determining the number of equity                            The Company revises the estimated number of equity
               instruments with exercisable rights                                   instruments that can be released from sale restriction
                                                                                     on each balance sheet date during the period of
                                                                                     restriction based on the latest available subsequent
                                                                                     information such as changes in the number of
                                                                                     persons who can be released from sale restriction,
                                                                                     achievement of performance targets, and so on.

             Reasons for significant discrepancies between N/A
               estimates of the year and the previous year

             Accumulated amount of equity-settled                                  156,045,669.25
              share-based payment included in the
              capital surplus




                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023      241
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

        3.       Share-based payment expenses during the Year

                                                                                                       Equity settled
                                                                                                        share-based
                 Category of grant targets                                                          payment expenses

                 Senior management and core personnel                                                  191,835,272.40

                 Total                                                                                 191,835,272.40

XIV. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

        1.       Important commitments

                                                                                                    Unit: (RMB0’000)

                 Item                                                             Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries and
                   jointly controlled entities (commitment to purchase long-
                   term assets):
                   – Authorised but not contracted
                   – Contracted but not paid                                            41,097.13           14,286.39
                 Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property,
                   plant and equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for
                   external investment):
                   – Contracted but not paid

        2.       Contingencies

                (1)        Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial
                           impacts

                           As at 31 December 2023, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of
                           RMB134,598,642.85, and accrued liabilities of RMB115,479,065.21 had been made.




242   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XV.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      1.     Significant non-adjusted matters

             (1)   Significant external investments

                    O n 29 M a r c h 2024, t h e C o m p a n y c o n s i d e r e d a n d a p p r o v e d t h e ''R e s o l u t i o n o n R e l a t e d
                    Transactions for Joint Capital Increase with Related Parties'' at the first meeting of the Eleventh
                    Session of the Board of Directors in 2024, agreeing that the Company and Hisense Visual,
                    a related party of the Group, jointly increased capital in its subsidiary, Qingdao Hisense
                    Intelligent Electronic Technology Co. Ltd., in which Hisense Visual invested RMB153 million
                    to hold 12.64% of the shares of Intelligent Electronic, while the Company invested RMB147
                    million to hold 12.14% of the shares of Intelligent Electronic. After the capital increase, the
                    shareholding structure of Intelligent Electronic is as follows: Hisense Visual holds 87.86% of
                    the equity, while the Company holds 12.14% of the equity.

      2.     Share repurchase

             At the First Extraordinary Meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
             in 2024 convened on 8 January 2024, the “Resolution on the Repurchase of A Shares of the Company
             by way of Centralised Bidding Transactions” was considered and approved, agreeing that the Company
             could use its own funds to repurchase part of its shares for the Employee Stock Ownership Plan. The
             total repurchase fund was not less than RMB187.87 million (inclusive) and not more than RMB375.73
             million (inclusive), and the maximum repurchase price was not more than RMB27.00 per share
             (inclusive). The implementation period for the share repurchase shall not exceed 12 months from the
             date of consideration and approval of the share repurchase proposal at the First Extraordinary Meeting
             of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company in 2024.

             As at 29 March 2024, the Company had repurchased 13,615,468.00 shares of the Company through
             centralised bidding transactions with a dedicated securities account for share repurchase, representing
             0.98% of the current total share capital of the Company, with the highest transaction price being
             RMB25.83 per share and the lowest transaction price being RMB23.33 per share, for a total transaction
             amount of RMB335,319,596.75 (excluding transaction fees).

      3.     Profit distribution

             On 29 March 2024, the Proposed Profit Distribution Plan for 2023 was considered and approved at the
             first meeting of 2024 of the eleventh session of the Board of the Company: Based on the total share
             capital of 1,387,935,370.00 shares of the Company as of the date of disclosure of the annual report
             2023, deducting the total share capital of 1,373,429,913.00 shares repurchased from the repurchase
             account (as of the date of disclosure of this report, the Company has repurchased a cumulative
             total of 14,505,457.00 shares of the Company), a cash dividend of RMB10.13 (tax inclusive) was
             to be paid to all shareholders for every 10 shares held, amounting to a total distribution of profit of
             RMB1,391,284,501.87. The undistributed profit would be rolled over for distribution in subsequent
             years. There will be no issue of bonus share and no transfer of reserve to share capital during the year.
             Such resolution is subject to the approval at general meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023    243
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

        1.       Capital management

                 The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management are to safeguard the Company’s ability
                 to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business
                 and maximise shareholders’ value.

                 The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                 conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
                 structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders
                 or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or procedures for managing
                 capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.

                 The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital
                 plus net debt. Net debt includes bank and other borrowings, accounts payable, notes payable, other
                 payables and debentures payables, less cash and cash equivalents. The gearing ratios as at the end of
                 the reporting period were as follows:

                                                                                           End of        Beginning of
                 Item                                                                    the year            the year

                 Total liabilities                                             46,550,436,429.03    39,096,785,837.42
                 Including: Short-term borrowings                               2,502,318,314.58     1,462,253,713.24
                            Accounts payable                                   12,049,877,232.20     9,717,666,826.44
                            Notes payable                                      14,608,429,378.74    11,322,271,209.54
                            Other payables                                      4,670,674,014.20     5,151,780,641.91
                 Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                2,877,140,400.54     2,478,346,075.40
                 Net debt                                                      43,673,296,028.49    36,618,439,762.02
                 Equity attributable to shareholders of parent                 13,580,174,485.95    11,518,373,442.25
                 Capital and net liability                                     57,253,470,514.44    48,136,813,204.27
                 Gearing ratio                                                           76.28%               76.07%




244   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

      2.     Leases

             (1)      Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                           Closing carrying        Opening carrying
                      Categories of leased assets under operating leases                            amount                  amount

                      Buildings and structures                                                      31,660.82                 19,397.57
                      Land use rights                                                                  108.88
                      Machinery and equipment, etc.                                                    469.51                     489.55
                      Transportation equipment                                                          14.57

                      Total                                                                         32,253.78                 19,887.12

             (2)   The Group as lessor under operating lease

                      The Group’s investment properties are also leased to a number of tenants for different terms.
                      T h e r e n t a l i n c o m e f o r 2023 a m o u n t e d t o R M B3,798.62 (2022: R M B68.8751 m i l l i o n). T h e
                      minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                      reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                 Amount for               Amount for
                      Item                                                                         the year             previous year

                      Within one year                                                                5,875.12                  4,590.21
                      Over one year but within five years                                           16,220.10                 15,970.80
                      Over five years                                                                   55.70

                      Total                                                                         22,150.92                 20,561.01




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   245
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

        2.       Leases (continued)

                (3)        The Group as lessee under operating lease

                           The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with
                           lease terms ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the year ended 31
                           December 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                        Amount for           Amount for
                           Operating lease payments                                       the year         previous year

                           Building or structures                                          15,359.31            15,348.65
                           Others                                                           9,332.99            11,352.56

                           Total                                                           24,692.30            26,701.21

                           The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with
                           a lease period of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments,
                           the adoption of simplified treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.

                (4)        The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                           reporting period due as follows:

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                        Amount for           Amount for
                           Item                                                           the year         previous year

                           Within one year                                                 14,658.48            16,639.22
                           Over one year but within five years                             19,499.65            27,316.81
                           Over five years                                                  3,893.29             4,779.11

                           Total                                                           38,051.42            48,735.14

        3.       Auditors’ remuneration

                 In 2023, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to
                 reappoint Shine Wing Certified Public Accountants as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2023,
                 and the Board was authorized to fix their remuneration. The Company agreed to pay a remuneration of
                 approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the auditors for the provision of audit services for
                 financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year ended 31 December 2023 and bear the
                 corresponding travel expenses.




246   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

      1.     Accounts receivable

             (1)   Accounts receivable by ageing

                    Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                    Ageing                                                                Closing balance              Opening balance

                    Within three months                                                     617,522,768.99                206,829,967.75
                    Over three months but within six months                                     860,204.88
                    Over one year                                                           107,107,551.47                107,107,549.79

                    Total                                                                   725,490,525.34                313,937,517.54

             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                  Book value                 Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                    Category                                  Amount              %            Amount                    %           amount

                    Accounts receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts is
                      separately made
                    Accounts receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts is made
                      on a group basis                  725,490,525.34         100.00   107,108,618.15                 14.76   618,381,907.19
                    Including:
                    Aging analysis method               107,640,893.73          14.84   107,108,618.15                 99.51       532,275.58
                    Receivables from related parties    617,849,631.61          85.16                                          617,849,631.61

                    Total                               725,490,525.34         100.00   107,108,618.15                 14.76   618,381,907.19




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023    247
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        1.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                         Book value                 Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                           Category                                  Amount              %            Amount                    %           amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is
                             separately made
                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is made
                             on a group basis                  313,937,517.54         100.00    107,107,632.82                34.12   206,829,884.72
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method               107,149,061.30          34.13    107,107,632.82                99.96        41,428.48
                           Receivables from related parties    206,788,456.24          65.87                                          206,788,456.24

                           Total                               313,937,517.54         100.00    107,107,632.82                34.12   206,829,884.72

                           1)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by aging analysis
                                      method:

                                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                                                  Provision for
                                      Ageing                                             Book value                  bad debts                   %

                                      Including: Within three months                      533,342.26                   1,066.68              0.20
                                                 Over one year                        107,107,551.47             107,107,551.47            100.00

                                      Total                                           107,640,893.73             107,108,618.15             99.51

                                      Note:   This group is based on the aging of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and
                                              made provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each aging section.




248   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      1.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    2)      Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by receivables from
                            related parties:

                                                                                       Closing balance
                                                                                                  Provision for
                            Ageing                                          Book value               bad debts               %

                            Within one year                            617,849,631.61

                            Total                                      617,849,631.61

             (3)   Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable for the year

                                                                       Changes during the year
                                                 Opening                     Recoveries or                              Closing
                    Category                     balance       Provision         reversals         Write-off            balance

                    Aging analysis method   107,107,632.82   2,019,554.09                        2,018,568.76   107,108,618.15

                    Total                   107,107,632.82   2,019,554.09                    2,018,568.76       107,108,618.15

             (4)   Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                    Item                                                                                Written-off amount

                    Accounts receivable written-off                                                             2,018,568.76

             (5)   Top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year

                    The total top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year amounted to
                    RMB607,260,871.57, accounting for 83.70% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                    provision for bad debts of RMB16,469,134.78 in total was made as at the end of the year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   249
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables

                 Item                                                            Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Dividends receivable                                               68,351,678.85      83,026,795.53
                 Other receivables                                               1,187,499,173.19   1,344,021,935.48

                 Total                                                           1,255,850,852.04   1,427,048,731.01

                 2.1       Dividends receivable

                           (1)   Classification of dividends receivable

                                 Item (or investee)                              Closing balance    Opening balance

                                 Hisense Hitachi                                   68,351,678.85      65,252,199.38
                                 Hisense Mould                                                        17,774,596.15

                                 Total                                             68,351,678.85      83,026,795.53

                 2.2       Other receivables

                           (1)   Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                         Closing          Beginning
                                 Nature of the amount                                 book value         book value

                                 Other current account                           1,202,314,549.91   1,364,286,987.89

                                 Total                                           1,202,314,549.91   1,364,286,987.89




250   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables (continued)

             2.2    Other receivables (continued)

                   (2)    Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                                                 Closing
                          Ageing                                                                                              book value

                          Within three months                                                                                4,409,170.69
                          Over three months but within six months                                                          109,810,463.68
                          Over six months but within one year                                                              201,777,099.73
                          Over one year                                                                                    886,317,815.81

                          Total                                                                                        1,202,314,549.91

                   (3)    Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                              Closing balance
                                                                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                Percentage                      Percentage           Carrying
                          Category                                   Amount           (%)            Amount           (%)             amount

                          Separate provision for bad debt
                          Provision for bad debts on a
                            group basis                      1,202,314,549.91        100.00     14,815,376.72          1.23 1,187,499,173.19
                          Including:
                          Ageing analysis method                14,836,569.05          1.23     14,815,376.72         99.86          21,192.33
                          Receivables from related parties   1,186,884,657.69         98.72                                   1,186,884,657.69
                          Other account payments                   593,323.17          0.05                                         593,323.17

                          Total                              1,202,314,549.91        100.00     14,815,376.72          1.23 1,187,499,173.19

                                                                                              Opening balance
                                                                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                Percentage                      Percentage           Carrying
                          Category                                   Amount           (%)            Amount           (%)             amount

                          Separate provision for bad debt
                          Provision for bad debts on a
                            group basis                      1,364,286,987.89        100.00     20,265,052.41          1.49 1,344,021,935.48
                          Including:
                          Ageing analysis method                20,857,698.21          1.53     20,262,475.85         97.15         595,222.36
                          Receivables from related parties   1,343,429,289.68         98.47          2,576.56                 1,343,426,713.12

                          Total                              1,364,286,987.89        100.00     20,265,052.41          1.49 1,344,021,935.48




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023    251
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (3)   Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                                 1)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by ageing analysis
                                        method:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                               Provision for Percentage
                                        Ageing                                      Book balance                  bad debts        (%)

                                        Including: Within three months                   6,398.00
                                                   Over three months but
                                                     within six months                   1,134.00                     113.40      10.00
                                                   Over six months but
                                                     within one year                    27,547.46                 13,773.73       50.00
                                                   Over one year                    14,801,489.59             14,801,489.59      100.00

                                        Total                                       14,836,569.05             14,815,376.72       99.86

                                        Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic
                                                 and made provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing
                                                 section.

                                 2)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by receivables
                                        from related parties:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                               Provision for Percentage
                                        Ageing                                      Book balance                  bad debts        (%)

                                        Related parties within the scope
                                           of consolidation                      1,186,875,571.49
                                        Related parties beyond the scope
                                           of consolidation                              9,086.20
                                        Including: Within one year                       9,086.20

                                        Total                                    1,186,884,657.69




252   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables (continued)

             2.2    Other receivables (continued)

                   (3)    Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                          3)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by other account
                                   payments:

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision for Percentage
                                   Ageing                                       Book balance                    bad debts        (%)

                                   Other account payments                            593,323.17

                                   Total                                             593,323.17

                   (4)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                       First stage      Second stage        Third stage
                                                                                             Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                                                            expected           expected
                                                                  Expected credit          credit loss       credit loss
                                                                       loss in the    (without credit       (with credit
                          Provision for bad debts                 next 12 months        impairment)        impairment)               Total

                          Balance as at 1 January 2023                                  3,390,735.73      16,874,316.68    20,265,052.41
                          During the year, the balance of other
                            receivables as at 1 January 2023                    –                    –                –                 –
                            – transferred to second stage
                            – transferred to third stage
                            – reversed to second stage
                            – reversed to first stage
                          Provision for the year                        13,887.13         241,392.54                          255,279.67
                          Reversal for the year
                          Written-off for the year                                                         5,704,955.36     5,704,955.36
                          Charge-off for the year
                          year

                          Balance as at 31 December 2023                13,887.13       3,632,128.27      11,169,361.32    14,815,376.72

                          Note:    Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial
                                   instruments since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the ageing, and
                                   estimated the expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the
                                   lifetime.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   253
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (5)   Provision for bad debts of other receivables by ageing analysis method

                                                                               Changes during the Year
                                                        Opening                      Recoveries or       Write-off or           Closing
                                 Category               balance        Provision         reversals        charge-off            balance

                                 Ageing analysis
                                  method           20,265,052.41   255,279.67                            5,704,955.36      14,815,376.72

                                 Total             20,265,052.41   255,279.67                            5,704,955.36      14,815,376.72

                           (6)   Other receivables actually written off during the Year

                                                                                                                          Written-off
                                 Item                                                                                        amount

                                 Other receivables actually written off                                                   5,704,955.36

                           (7)   Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the year

                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                             total other  Provision for
                                             Nature of the                                                  receivables       bad debts
                                 No.         amount                Closing balance   Ageing                         (%) Closing balance

                                 Top 1       Inter-group current    372,699,354.39   Over one year                31.00
                                               account payments
                                 Top 2       Inter-group current    219,000,000.00   Within one year,             18.21
                                               account payments                       over one year
                                 Top 3       Inter-group current    150,373,502.93   Within one year,             12.51
                                               account payments                       over one year
                                 Top 4       Inter-group current    145,332,789.99   Within one year,             12.09
                                               account payments                       over one year
                                 Top 5       Inter-group current     99,044,583.94   Over one year                 8.24
                                               account payments

                                 Total       –                      986,450,231.25   –                            82.05




254   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      3.     Long-term equity investments

             (1)   Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                                         Closing balance                                                            Opening balance
                                                                                              Impairment                                                                 Impairment
                    Item                                             Book balance               provision Carrying amount                        Book balance              provision Carrying amount

                    Investments in subsidiaries                   5,297,448,970.59          59,381,641.00       5,238,067,329.59          5,128,386,892.23              59,381,641.00         5,069,005,251.23
                    Investments in associates and
                      joint ventures                                697,276,441.82                                697,276,441.82            579,784,230.29                                     579,784,230.29

                    Total                                         5,994,725,412.41          59,381,641.00       5,935,343,771.41          5,708,171,122.52              59,381,641.00         5,648,789,481.52

             (2)   Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                                                     Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                                    Provision for                                                         Increase in                               Provision for
                                                               Opening balance       impairment             Increase in            Decrease in           share-based        Closing balance           impairment
                    Investees                                (carrying amount)   Opening balance            investment             investment              payments      (carrying amount)        Closing balance

                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            5,227,619.58         5,227,619.58
                    Guangdong Kelon Air Conditioner
                       Co., Ltd.                                221,618,359.00       59,381,641.00                                                                          221,618,359.00          59,381,641.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Freezer Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 1,258,766.53         1,258,766.53
                    Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and
                       Bath System Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             2,285,200.95         2,285,200.95
                    Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic
                       Co., Ltd.                                 53,270,064.00                                                                           1,015,435.65        54,285,499.65
                    Foshan Shunde Wangao Import & Export
                       Co., Ltd.                                    600,000.00                                                                                                  600,000.00
                    Guangdong Kelon Jiake Electronics
                       Co., Ltd.                                 42,000,000.00                         40,000,000.00                                                         82,000,000.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Yingkou) Refrigerator
                       Co., Ltd.                                 84,000,000.00                                                                                               84,000,000.00
                    Jiangxi Kelon Industrial Development
                       Co., Ltd.                                147,763,896.00                                                                                              147,763,896.00
                    Hangzhou Kelon Electric Appliances
                       Co., Ltd.                                 24,000,000.00                                                   24,000,000.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                                            1,661,131.90         1,661,131.90
                    Zhuhai Kelon Industrial Development
                       Co., Ltd.                                189,101,850.00                                                                                              189,101,850.00




                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023              255
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        3.       Long-term equity investments (continued)

                (2)        Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                                                      Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                                           Provision for                                                     Increase in                          Provision for
                                                                      Opening balance       impairment       Increase in            Decrease in             share-based       Closing balance       impairment
                           Investees                                (carrying amount)   Opening balance      investment             investment                payments     (carrying amount)    Closing balance

                           Shenzhen Kelon Procurement Co., Ltd.         95,000,000.00                                                                                          95,000,000.00
                           Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                  11,200,000.00                                                                                          11,200,000.00
                           Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co.,
                              Ltd.                                                                                                                           113,402.40           113,402.40
                           Hisense (Beijing) Electric Appliances
                              Co., Ltd                                  92,101,178.17                                                                                          92,101,178.17
                           Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.          567,175,477.74                                                                      19,928,542.14      587,104,019.88
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.             207,212,141.79                                                                       1,184,788.63      208,396,930.42
                           Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              748,578,303.85                                                                      27,152,110.26      775,730,414.11
                           Foshan Hisense Kelon Property
                              Development Co., Ltd.                      4,441,400.00                                                                        567,011.99         5,008,411.99
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                              Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.         2,566,242,580.68                                                                      24,634,861.87    2,590,877,442.55
                           Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.         14,700,000.00                                                                       2,140,534.29       16,840,534.29
                           Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and
                              Bath Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                3,016,863.30        3,016,863.30
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold
                              Chain Co., Ltd.                                                                                                               5,334,046.68        5,334,046.68
                           Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          15,207,676.59       15,207,676.59
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner
                              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                      476,290.07           476,290.07
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          16,574,088.62       16,574,088.62
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    433,324.37          433,324.37
                           Jiangmen Hisense Home Appliances
                              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                     1,166,103.75        1,166,103.75
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitach Air-conditioner
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          17,844,908.20       17,844,908.20
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner
                              Company Limited                                                                                                               5,839,370.59        5,839,370.59

                           Total                                     5,069,005,251.23      59,381,641.00   40,000,000.00          24,000,000.00           153,062,078.36    5,238,067,329.59      59,381,641.00




256   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

                      3.                 Long-term equity investments (continued)

                                        (3)                 Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                    Increase or decrease for the Year

                                                                                                                 Gains or losses     Adjustment
                                                                 Provision for                                  from investment          or other                           Declaration of                                                            Provision for
                                         Opening balance          impairment        Increase in   Decrease in   recognised using   comprehensive            Other change    cash dividend       Provision for     Changes in      Closing balance      impairment
Investees                               (carrying amount)     Opening balance       investment    investment      equity method           income                in equity        or profit   impairment made    exchange rate   (carrying amount)   Closing balance


I. Joint ventures
        Hisense Marketing Management
          Co., Ltd.                         51,737,850.74                                                          -2,028,893.94                                                                                                    49,708,956.80
        Qingdao Hisense Huanya
          Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                     159,150,000.00                      -194,362.50      -134,485.11         -134,777,028.75                                                           24,044,123.64


Subtotal                                    51,737,850.74                        159,150,000.00                    -2,223,256.44      -134,485.11         -134,777,028.75                                                           73,753,080.44


II. Associates
        Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
          Holdings Co., Ltd.               391,512,863.29                                                          15,082,906.79                                                                                                   406,595,770.08
        Qingdao Hisense International
          Marketing Co., Ltd.              136,533,516.26                                                        110,193,668.98      3,341,243.12              196,562.94   33,337,400.00                                          216,927,591.30


Subtotal                                   528,046,379.55                                                        125,276,575.77      3,341,243.12              196,562.94   33,337,400.00                                          623,523,361.38


Total                                      579,784,230.29                        159,150,000.00                  123,053,319.33      3,206,758.01         -134,580,465.81   33,337,400.00                                          697,276,441.82




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023                257
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        4.       Operating revenue and operating costs

                 Breakdown of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                      Amount for the Year               Amount for the previous year
                 Item                                  Revenue               Cost            Revenue                Cost

                 Principal operations          5,497,951,954.67   4,932,341,066.63   4,419,980,575.75    4,345,495,550.73
                 Other operations                245,082,487.90     211,396,887.36     146,342,962.88      103,675,781.11

                 Total                         5,743,034,442.57   5,143,737,953.99    4,566,323,538.63   4,449,171,331.84

        5.       Investment gain

                                                                                        Amount for        Amount for the
                 Item                                                                     the Year         previous year

                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the
                  cost method                                                        851,575,300.95      1,955,546,592.73
                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the
                  equity method                                                      123,053,319.33        76,185,459.11
                 Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                 69,651,087.35        45,028,434.47
                 Gain from disposal of long-term equity investment                   -24,000,000.00

                 Total                                                           1,020,279,707.63        2,076,760,486.31

XVIII. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT

        This financial report was approved by the Board of the Company on 29 March 2024.




258   Annual Report 2023
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIX. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      1.     Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the year

             Item                                                                              Amount for the year    Notes

             Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets (Including the offsetting
               part of the provision for impairment of assets already provisioned)                   -3,666,652.72
             Government grants included in the gain or loss (excluding those
               government grants that are closely related to the Company's normal
               business operations, that are in line with national policies, that are
               enjoyed according to defined criteria, and that have a sustained impact
               on the Company's profit or loss)                                                     195,139,772.58
             Gain or loss from changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities
               held by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss from the disposal of
               financial assets and liabilities, except for the effective hedging business
               related to the Company's normal business operations                                 -239,068,307.45
             Capital occupation fees received from non-financial enterprises that are
               included in current profit or loss
             Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted asset
               management                                                                           298,844,795.34
             Gain or loss arising from entrusted loan
             Loss of assets due to force majeure factors such as natural disasters
             Reversal of impairment provision for accounts receivable individually
               tested for impairment
             Gain arising under the circumstance where the investment cost for
               acquisition of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is lower than
               the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee at the time the
               investment is acquired
             Net current profit or loss of subsidiaries arising from business combination
               under common control from beginning of year to the combination date
             Gain or loss arising from non-monetary assets exchange
             Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring                                            25,739,211.33
             One-off costs incurred by the enterprise as a result of discontinuation of
               relevant business activities, such as expenses for resetting employees
             One-off effect on current profit or loss arising from adjustments as required
               by taxation, accounting and other laws and regulations
             One-off recognition of share-based payment expense due to cancellation
               and modification of equity incentive plans
             For cash-settled share-based payments, gain or loss arising from changes in
               the fair value of employee compensation payable after the date on which
               the right is exercisable
             Gain or loss arising from changes in fair value of investment properties
               measured subsequently by using fair value model
             Gain arising from transactions at significantly unfair prices
             Gain or loss arising from contingencies unrelated to the Company's normal
               business operations
             Custody fee income from entrusted operations
             Other non-operating income and expense other than the aforementioned
               items                                                                                371,016,020.58
             Other profit or loss items within the meaning of non-recurring profit or loss           72,041,335.03

             Subtotal                                                                               720,046,174.69

             Less: Effect of income tax                                                             147,009,791.45
             Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                                90,782,890.53

             Total                                                                                  482,253,492.71




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   259
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2023
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIX. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        2.       Return on net asset and earnings per share

                                                                                               Earnings per share
                                                                                                 (RMB/share)
                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                 average          Basic           Diluted
                                                                               return on       earnings          earnings
                 Profit for the reporting period                           net assets(%)      per share         per share

                 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                  of the parent                                                   22.64            2.08               2.08
                 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                  of the parent after deducting non-recurring
                  profit or loss                                                  18.79            1.73               1.73

        3.       Five-year financial summary

                                                                                                           Unit: RMB’0000

                 Statement item                 2023                2022            2021           2020              2019

                 Total operating
                   revenue              8,560,018.92     7,411,515.10        6,756,260.37   4,839,287.07      3,745,304.40
                 Total profits            568,455.74       382,380.97          291,653.70     348,513.00        215,225.03
                 Income tax                89,306.75        75,440.07           57,359.32      63,909.53         20,180.12
                 Net profit               479,148.99       306,940.91          234,294.38     284,603.46        195,044.91
                 Net profit
                   attributable to
                   owners of the
                   parent                 283,732.28       143,496.82           97,263.38     157,888.27       179,366.90
                 Profit and loss of
                   minority interests     195,416.72       163,444.08          137,031.00     126,715.19        15,678.01

                 Continued from above table

                                        31 December     31 December         31 December     31 December      31 December
                 Statement item                2023            2022                2021            2020             2019

                 Total assets           6,594,649.56     5,537,586.84        5,594,869.23   4,181,163.58      3,399,066.35
                 Total liabilities      4,655,043.64     3,909,678.58        4,035,729.83   2,740,511.68      2,150,980.05
                 Net assets             1,939,605.91     1,627,908.26        1,559,139.40   1,440,651.90      1,248,086.30
                 Total equity
                   attributable to
                   owners of the
                   parent               1,358,017.45     1,151,837.34        1,034,240.75     977,911.56        872,159.37
                 Minority interests       581,588.46       476,070.92          524,898.66     462,740.35        375,926.93
                 Total equity           1,939,605.91     1,627,908.26        1,559,139.40   1,440,651.90      1,248,086.30

                                                                               Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                        29 March 2024




260   Annual Report 2023
