Contents


Company Profile . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         2

Major Events Calendar of 2022 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                 3

Chairman’s Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            6

Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     10

Corporate Governance Report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               37

Profiles of Directors, Supervisors & Members of the Senior Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                      57

Report of the Directors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         60

Report of the Supervisory Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                  93

Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   97

Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .          99

Financial Statements Prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise . . . . . . . 100
Company Profile


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is
principally engaged in research and development, manufacturing and marketing of electrical products such as
refrigerators, household air-conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances,
etc and automotive air conditioner compressor and integrated thermal management system. Products of the Company
cover eight major brands, namely Hisense, Ronshen, KELON, HITACHI, YORK, gorenje, ASKO and SANDEN.
The Company’s shares were listed on the main boards of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange in 1996 and 1999 respectively.


Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioner (“HVAC”) Business: The Company has strong competitiveness in the
central air-conditioner market, and its “Hitachi”, “Hisense” and “York” brand multi-split central air-conditioners
products with leading technology level and excellent product quality are well-known in the market and are the
domestic multi-split central air-conditioners market leader. Under its well-known Hisense and KELON air-
conditioner brands, the Company was the first to commit to the research and development (“R&D”), production
and promotion of inverter air-conditioners in China. The Company has maintained a consistent focus on developing
technological innovations, product quality improvement, and industrial capabilities upgrading, and achieved rapid
conversion and deep plowing of niche markets.


Refrigerator and Washing Machine Business: The company owns two well-known refrigerator brands, "Hisense"
and "Ronshen". The Company focuses on user needs and continues to invest in technological innovation and brand
promotion, constantly creating green, healthy and intelligent products that meet users’ needs and empower high-
quality life.


Automobile Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management Business: The Company focuses
on the “dual carbon” policy and the trend of high pressure in the industry and the “new four” direction of thermal
management of new energy vehicles. The Company continuously promotes the green upgrade and key technology
breakthrough of electric compressors, integrated thermal management systems and their core components, continues
to strengthen communication with key customers at multiple levels around the world, integrates supply chain
resources to reduce system costs, significantly improves the effectiveness of expense investment, and realizes the
transformation from a compressor-based component supplier to a supplier of integrated thermal management systems
for new energy vehicles.


With the mission of “pursuing scientific and technological innovation, taking the lead in the advanced manufacturing,
and bring happiness to millions of families with high-quality products and services”, the Company abides by the
values of “users first, pragmatic innovation, honesty and integrity, sustainable management”, and is committed to
creating high quality products and become the most trusted brand for consumers worldwide.




2    Annual Report 2022
Major Events Calendar of 2022


JANUARY

•     Hisense Hitachi became the first company in China’s air-conditioning industry to obtain the “Dual Carbon”
      certification for multi-connected air-conditioning products.


FEBRUARY

•     The Company launched a new product, the trésor high-end wash and dry care set, bringing a new experience
      of smart washing and care to users.


•     The Company launched a major product for the youthful transformation – the KELON Sleeping Air
      Conditioning Little Ear Series, focusing on the quality and personalised lifestyle of young users.


MARCH

•     Hisense central air-conditioner was awarded the “2022 China Real Estate Development Enterprise Top 500
      Preferred Supplier Brands in the Air Conditioning”.


•     Ronshen Ultra Space Refrigerator launched a new product, 410L which realized the high space utilization of
      “small size, large capacity”.


APRIL

•     The brand-new visual design of Hisense central air-conditioner awarded the “2022 German Red Dot Award”.


•     Hisense Refrigerator became the leading standard setter for deep-freezing and freshness in China.


MAY

•     At the China Refrigerator Industry Summit jointly organised by the Information Resources Development
      Department of the National Information Centre and China Home Appliance Network, Ronshen Refrigerator
      was awarded the “2022 China Refrigerator Industry Leading Brand for Healthy Refrigerators” and the
      Ronshen WILL559 refrigerator received the honorary title of “2022 China Refrigerator Industry Best Product
      for Healthy Freshness” for its excellent performance in the field of healthy freshness.


•     Hisense’s intelligent care washing machine was awarded the Germany iF Design Award 2022 for its unique
      usability innovation and design, marking the fifth consecutive time the Company has won this prestigious
      international award.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   3
Major Events Calendar of 2022


JUNE

•      Ronshen Refrigerator became the official sponsor of the 2022 Qatar World Cup™.


•      The Company launched the new C2 product in the trésor high-end smart suite home appliances, continuing
       to complete the product matrix of the trésor high-end suite and refreshing the new smart experience of high-
       quality home living.


JULY

•      The 2022 China Refrigerator Industry Summit was successfully held, and Hisense refrigerator was awarded
       the Smart Freshness Excellence Brand.


AUGUST

•      A number of products in the Ronshen WILL series of healthy refrigerators were awarded the first batch of
       product certificates by the China Electronic Quality Control Association for precise temperature control of
       refrigerator.


SEPTEMBER

•      At the 2022 International Green Zero Carbon Festival and ESG Leadership Summit, the Company was
       awarded the title of the “2022 Carbon Neutral Model Enterprise” and its brand, Ronshen Refrigerator, won the
       “2022 Outstanding Green Manufacturing Award”.


OCTOBER

•      The China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute and Hisense Air-Conditioning jointly launched
       the “2022 White Paper on the Development of New Air Conditioning Technology” to promote the popularity
       of new air conditioning and the healthy development of the industry.


•      Hitachi Central Air Conditioning has been awarded the AAAAA air quality certification by the Building
       Indoor Air Quality Rating.




4   Annual Report 2022
Major Events Calendar of 2022


NOVEMBER

•   T h e C h i n a A s s o c i a t i o n f o r t h e P r o m o t i o n o f I n d u s t r y-A c a d e m i a-R e s e a r c h C o o p e r a t i o n a p p r o v e d t h e
    group standard of “Room Air Conditioner with Fresh Air Mixing Function” developed by the Hisense Air
    Conditioning R&D team.


DECEMBER

•   Hisense Hitachi received the “Corporate Social Responsibility Industry Model Award” at the 2022 China
    Charity Festival.


•   Hisense central air-conditioner has been awarded the “Nanshan Award” (南山獎) for the third consecutive
    year.


•   Ronshen WILL559 Health Refrigerator was nominated for the “Red Top Award”.


•   The Company won the 2022 China Listed Company Award for “Leading Brand of National Tide Innovation”.


•   The Company launched an equity incentive scheme to further improve the Company’s medium to long-term
    incentive system.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022         5
Chairman’s Statement


Dear shareholders,


In 2022, the century of change was accelerated by the economic downturn and geopolitical conflicts: a slowdown in
domestic demand, high inflation in Europe and the US, and an energy crisis putting pressure on exports. In the face
of complex internal and external challenges, the 49,000-strong workforce of Hisense Home Appliances has been
united in their efforts to deliver outstanding results. The Company realized operating revenue of RMB74.115 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 9.7%; net profit attributable to the parent company achieved RMB1.435
billion, representing a significant year-on-year increase of 47.54%; and net profit margin attributable to the parent
company improved by 0.5 percentage point. At the same time, our brand power was further strengthened: in the
refrigerator market, the online market share of Ronshen refrigerators was 12.5%, increased by 0.4 point on a year-
on-year basis; in the fresh air air-conditioner market: the offline market share of Hisense “Fresh Air” air-conditioner
was 26.3%, increased by 2.5 points on a year-on-year basis; in the central multi-split air-conditioner market,
Hisense’s share of the sector is close to 20%, ranking first in the industry. In the face of an uncertain environment,
the Company has always insisted on technology, warming lives with technology and sharing happiness with hundreds
of millions of families with high-quality products and services.


OPTIMIZING THE TALENT STRUCTURE TO STIMULATE THE VITALITY OF THE TEAM

The Company is committed to improving the quality of its staff and the overall capability of its team and has
recruited 103 leaders and core talents in 2022, representing an increase of 52 talents as compared to 2021. In terms
of cadre leadership, the Company has built and implemented a leadership ladder training system from the grassroots,
and middle level to functional managers, with 123 people trained and certified through this system. We have created
a comprehensive engineering culture and organized activities such as engineer culture co-creation workshops
and skills competitions to create an organizational atmosphere of competition, learning, catching up, helping and
surpassing, thereby laying the foundation of values for the enhancement of engineering capabilities. At the same
time, we continue to promote organizational culture by improving the living environment of our staff in terms of
clothing, food, housing and transportation, and strengthening the caring activities of our staff and their families to
build a loving and warm working atmosphere.


STRENGTHENING R&D CAPABILITIES TO CREATE HIT PRODUCTS

The Company has vigorously implemented a full lifecycle incentive mechanism to fully stimulate the initiative of the
team in all aspects of the product line. Through in-depth insight into user needs and major R&D changes, we have
been able to enhance product refinement and manufacturability, resulting in the launch of several high-quality and
industry-leading products. In pursuit of the intelligent upgrade of ultimate freshness, Ronshen refrigerators launched
the “WILL3.0 borderless” refrigerator, subverting the traditional built-in refrigerator pain points and realizing “no
protrusion on the front, no seam on the side and no waste of space” for the first time in the industry. Sticking to
the vacuum route, Hisense refrigerators launched the industry’s first full-space vacuum ultra-thin single product.
Focusing on the new wind race, Hisense home air conditioner trésor C200 topped the industry’s list of countertops
above RMB20,000 for more than 30 consecutive weeks after its launch. The Company has also gained insight into the
needs of young users through the launch of the KELON Air Conditioning Sleep Little Ears series, which has received
an explosive response from the market after its launch and exploded with a 52% year-on-year increase in brand voice.
HITACHI central air-conditioner strengthened its leading position by realizing a visual “whole house, whole sense”
comfort space solution. Hisense central air-conditioner created a smart air solution, realizing self-adjusting smart
adjustment for the whole house. YORK’s multiconnected business has committed to its hot water leadership strategy,
leading the market with fluoridated groundwater products.




6    Annual Report 2022
Chairman’s Statement


BUILDING A SMART HOME TO AGGREGATE ECOLOGICAL RESOURCES

We have built the “Love Home Platform” home appliance smart framework, which includes five themes, nine spaces
and 56 scenes of home solutions, realizing the “smart, suite, scenes and ecology” of the whole scenario of the smart
home layout. With many years of experience in interactive display technology, a deep deployment of black-and-
white business, and a multi-dimensional accumulation of chips, software and JuCloud, the largest Internet TV cloud
platform in China, we are able to empower our users in the areas of family food, health, fashion, learning, social
and gaming in-depth. At the same time, through the aggregation of well-known domestic ecological resources, users
can realize the use of gourmet and cleaning household appliances, smartphones and smart speakers on the platform,
covering the whole scenario of clothing, food, housing and entertainment solutions.


OPENING UP THE SECOND CURVE TO PAY OFF TRIBOELECTRICITY CONSTRUCTIVE
COLLABORATION

We acquired Sanden Company in May 2021 and have been helping Sanden Company to improve the quality of its
operations through in-depth empowerment in core technology, customer development, manufacturing efficiency
and supply chain integration. With the support of Hisense Home Appliances, Sanden Company has continued to
invest in R&D to strengthen its product competitiveness and enhance their thermal management system integration
capabilities. At the same time, the Company continued to strengthen its confidence in strategic customer cooperation
and deepened the implementation of its global customer development strategy, successfully winning several
key project orders from global customers and a number of new business rights from European and American
car companies. In addition, by referring to the manufacturing efficiency management system of Hisense Home
Appliances Group, Sanden Company has achieved significant cost reduction benefits across its global manufacturing
plants and has effectively saved a significant amount of procurement costs through the integration of supply chain
resources. During the Reporting Period, Sanden Company achieved an operating revenue of RMB9.055 billion and
recorded a significant reduction in losses.


LEVERAGING WORLD CUP MARKETING TO INCREASE GLOBAL IMPACT

As the internationalization strategy continues to advance, Hisense’s brand awareness and influence overseas continue
to grow. Hisense Home Appliances continues to participate in the Group’s sports marketing and has continuously
sponsored world-class sports events such as UEFA Euro 2016, 2018 World Cup, UEFA Euro 2020 and 2022 World
Cup. During the 2022 World Cup, we not only promoted the Hisense brand but also shouted for Chinese industry and
made an appeal to the national industry, demonstrating our corporate ethos through the Hisense Group’s advertising
slogans “China first, World second” and “Made in China, Working together”. At the same time, the slogans of
“Ronshen Refrigerator, the Proud of National Products” and “Fresh-air leading the way of Hisense air-conditioner”
also made our products shine in the competition, winning the attention of the world audience and significantly
enhancing the influence of Hisense products in the international market.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   7
Chairman’s Statement


DEEPENING GLOBAL FOOTPRINT FOR HEALTHY OVERSEAS GROWTH

The Company has deepened the globalization layout of its R&D, production and sales channels, and continues to
promote the constructive collaboration of R&D, production and sales. In the global market, the Company has been
actively expanding its customer base, broadening its pipeline and launching high-end, frequency-converting and
intelligent products to enhance its overseas competitiveness and increase the share of its brand. Seizing the market
opportunity of fossil fuel substitution and rising natural gas prices in Europe, Hisense central air-conditioner has
opened up a new overseas heating product business and has developed a series of air source heat pump products. The
new product not only won the 2022 German Red Dot Design Award for its outstanding design, but was also launched
simultaneously in Italy, Poland, Spain, Germany and France, effectively helping to capture the European mid-to-
high-end heating market. According to customs information, Hisense’s export volume and export value for home air
conditioners in 2022 increased by more than 30% year-on-year, and its newly developed C1A window machine, D2K
dehumidifier and other miniaturized, new platform products have successfully won large overseas orders. At the same
time, the Company accelerated the R&D of technology and application promotion of smart refrigerators, and achieved
the launch of smart refrigerator products in major markets such as Europe, Australia, South Africa and the Middle
East Africa. In November 2022, the refrigerator production line at Hisense’s Monterrey Home Appliance Industrial
Park in Mexico officially commenced production. The new industrial park will not only help consumers in the
Americas to receive smarter and more convenient products and services, but will also accelerate the implementation
of the regional strategy for the Americas, effectively driving Hisense's globalization process.


STRENGTHENING SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT TO ENHANCE GREEN MANUFACTURING

We have used our best efforts to optimize our suppliers and improve the efficiency of our supply chain, resulting
in significant reductions in BOM costs for the residential air-conditioner business, central air-conditioner business
and refrigerator business, as well as a significant improvement of over 30% in the loss of man-hours and machine
downtime due to procurement factors. The Company is determined to implement the concept of “clear waters and
green mountains are as valuable as mountains of gold and silver” and has been actively exploring new paths of green
development. At present, four national-level “green factories”, one national-level “green supply chain” and two
provincial-level “green factories” have been established; 61 key energy-saving projects have been optimized, and
the overall energy consumption of a single standard unit has improved by 6.9% on a year-on-year basis, reducing
11,000 tons of standard coal emissions. The Company has been promoting green and sustainable development by
accelerating the green and low-carbon transformation of production methods, promoting smart manufacturing and
green manufacturing. The Company has also been promoting high-quality economic development while adhering
to ecological priorities, and making due contribution to the achievement of the goal of carbon peak and carbon
neutrality.


OPTIMIZING THE COMPANY'S MECHANISM AND INTRODUCING EQUITY INCENTIVES

During the Reporting Period, we focused on building long-term corporate capacity and carried out a series of
organizational changes, process optimization and staff restructuring in R&D, manufacturing, marketing and
management, resulting in significant improvements in organizational efficiency. At the same time, we launched
an equity incentive scheme covering more than 600 core management and key employees of the Company, further
improving the Company’s medium and long-term incentive system, optimizing corporate governance standards and
laying a solid foundation for attracting and retaining outstanding talent. At the same time, the introduction of the
equity incentive scheme also conveys to the capital market the Company’s strategic vision and confidence in its
performance growth, providing a strong guarantee for the achievement of the Company’s long-term strategic planning
objectives.




8    Annual Report 2022
Chairman’s Statement


INCREASING THE PROPORTION OF DIVIDENDS AND FOCUSING ON SHAREHOLDER
RETURNS

The Company has always valued investor returns. In the past ten years, the Company has paid out a total of
approximately RMB2.9 billion in dividends to small and medium-sized shareholders. In 2022, with the rapid growth
of the Company’s performance, the Board of Directors of the Company proposes to further increase the dividend to
50% to expand the value of shareholders and achieve a win-win situation with the shareholders.


In 2022, we moved forward by building on our entrepreneurial spirit. In 2023, we are determined to execute our
mission of global branding, scenario-based innovation and digital efficiency, creating a better life for families around
the world. It is the right time to set sail and strive to achieve better. May our investors and friends join hands with us
to witness a brighter future for Hisense Home Appliances!




Dai Hui Zhong
Chairman




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   9
Management Discussion and Analysis


I.     INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

       1.       Overview of the Domestic Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioner (“HVAC”) Market


                (1)       Central air-conditioner market: During the Reporting Period, the domestic central air-
                          conditioner market faced downward pressure beyond expectations due to multiple factors
                          such as the slowing domestic demand and downturn of real estate market, resulting in a slight
                          decrease in market capacity. According to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the
                          domestic central air-conditioner market in 2022 declined by 2.6% on a year-on-year basis. In
                          the home furnishings retail market, the trend showed an upward movement before declining
                          and then a downward trend with fluctuations as compared to the 30% market growth in 2021.
                          As the main product category accounting for approximately 70% of the home furnishings retail
                          market share, the market share of multi-unit products showed a decline for the first time. In
                          terms of engineering projects market, according to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.
                          cn), the decline was 2.8% in 2022. Except for medical, education and other livelihood area and
                          some industrial projects, the area of large public and commercial buildings continued to be
                          sluggish. On the other hand, with the implementation of a series of property relief policies such
                          as the government’s policy to guarantee the delivery of houses, the completion of construction
                          has been gradually restored, and the central air-conditioner market has turned the corner.
                          Meanwhile, with the implementation of the dual carbon strategy and improvement in the users’
                          quality of life, there are huge market opportunities for energy saving, health, comfort and
                          intelligent products.


                (2)       H o u s e h o l d a i r-c o n d i t i o n e r m a r k e t: D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e h o u s e h o l d a i r-
                          conditioner market entered the inventory competition era. Despite the growth in retail of home
                          air-conditioners driven by the seasonal increasing consumption due to high temperature in
                          summer and online channel promotional activities of the Double Eleven in the fourth quarter,
                          it was difficult to fundamentally change consumers demand, and retail sales in the household
                          air-conditioner industry remained virtually at the same level throughout the Report Period as
                          compared to the same period in 2021. According to the AVC (奧維雲網）inferential statistics,
                          the year-on-year increase in retail sales of the household air-conditioner in 2022 was only 0.4%.
                          However, on the other hand, the household air-conditioner products with functions such as fresh
                          air, purification and antibacterial were more popular among users, and such sub-category of
                          household air-conditioner was growing rapidly. According to the inferential statistics of China
                          Market Monitor Company Limited (CMM), the retail sales of fresh air conditioners in the online
                          and offline sectors increased by 160.8% and 14.6% respectively on a year-on-year basis in 2022,
                          which is much higher than the overall industry growth rate of the household air-conditioner
                          retail market. The household air-conditioner market continued to upgrade to healthy, intelligent,
                          energy-saving and comfortable products.




10   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


   2.   Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator and Washing Machine Market


        (1)   Refrigerator market: During the Reporting Period, the domestic refrigerator market in the
              PRC was under greater growth pressure due to factors such as the declining consumer demand
              and changes in the supply chain. According to the AVC all channel inferential statistics, the
              cumulative retail volume of the refrigerator market decreased by 6.3% on a year-on-year basis
              and the cumulative retail sales decreased by 4.7% on a year-on-year basis during the Reporting
              Period, while the offline refrigerator retail market was also declining, with the retail volume
              dropping by 20.0% on a year-on-year basis in 2022. In light of homogenisation of product
              structure and technology in the industry, product and technology innovation became a strong
              driving force to drive growth. Under the influence of the national “double carbon” strategy,
              users’ awareness of family health protection has increased significantly, and the demand for
              large volume and healthy refrigerator products has become urgent. In addition, the built-in
              refrigerators in the kitchen also became the breakthrough of the refrigerator industry. Large
              capacity, green and energy saving, intelligent, detailed and high-end products are still the
              market trend of refrigerator market. At the same time, the performance of freezer market, a sub-
              segment of refrigerator market, was outstanding. According to the AVC inferential statistics, the
              retail volume of freezer market increased by 5.6% on a year-on-year basis, and products such as
              vertical freezer, ice bar and wine cooler were favored by users for their multi- application and
              quality.


        (2)   Washing Machine Market: According to the AVC all-channel inferential statistics, the all-
              channel retail volume of washing machine market decreased by 9.0% on a year-on-year basis
              and the all-channel retail volume decreased by 10.4% on a year-on-year basis. With the trend
              of users pursuing a refined quality life and focusing on the product experience, the features of
              washing machine products such as good-looking, intelligent, health-conscious and high-end
              have become the main innovation direction of the washing machine industry, which results in
              the growth in the online retail volume of mini washing machine products by 10.5% on a year-
              on-year basis and increase in the offline retail volume of separate drums washing machine
              products by 6.1% on a year-on-year basis. Meanwhile, the function needs from users for a
              washing machine have evolved from a simple washing function to multiple functions such as
              washing, drying and protection, and stand-alone dryers are being recognized by more and more
              users.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   11
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.       Overview of Smart Home Market


                With the acceleration of digital transformation, the integration of 5G, cloud computing, Internet
                of Things, big data and other new generation information technologies with various industries are
                getting more prominent. Under the trend of technological advancement, the average price of upstream
                components of smart home equipment is showing a significant decrease, which has laid a solid
                foundation for the rapid growth of smart home market. At the same time, against the background of
                consumer upgrading and the increase in the market share by young consumers, continuous growth in
                users’ requirements for home comfort and convenience and the rapid penetration of home intelligent
                products accelerated the development of the smart home industry. In addition, during the “14th Five-
                Year Plan” period, various industrial policies of smart home have attached great importance to the
                development of smart home and digital home industry. On 14 December 2022, the State Council
                issued the “Strategic Plan for Expanding Domestic Demand (2022-2035) (《擴大內需戰略規劃綱要
                (2022－2035年）》)” suggesting the enhancement of traditional consumption continuously to promote
                household renovation consumption, increase consumption of smart home appliances, and promote the
                development of digital home. The smart home industry has great growth potential, and the upgrade
                of user consumption and the growing demand for informatization, digitalization and intelligent in
                household provides huge room for the scale development of smart home market. According to telecom
                industry research firm OVUM’s forecast, the scale of China’s smart home market will reach US$53.7
                billion by 2025, and the total shipment of related smart home products will grow to 810 million units,
                with a compound annual growth rate of over 20.0%.


       4.       Overview of the Automobile Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management
                System Market


                In 2022, the production and sales of new energy vehicle continued to lead the automobile market
                despite the multiple impacts of the Russo-Ukrainian war and the disruption of semiconductor supply.
                According to the statistic from EV-volumes, a new energy vehicle think tank, global production of
                new energy vehicles reached approximately 10.52 million units in 2022, representing a year-on-
                year increase of 55%. According to the statistics of IHS, the total cumulative production volume of
                compressors in the global automobile industry reached approximately 77.63 million units in 2022,
                representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 4%, of which, the total cumulative production
                volume of electric compressors was approximately 14.96 million units, representing a year-on-year
                increase of over 45%.


                Electrification, intelligence, internet-driven and co-sharing deepen changes in the automobile
                industry, and the thermal management of new energy vehicles is also developing in the direction of
                “green, integrating, modularizing and intelligent”. At the same time, the battery life of new energy
                vehicles drives the rapid development of high-capacity, high-voltage, fast charging and other industry
                technologies, the use of 800V and other voltage platform compressors has become a preferred choice
                for battery electric passenger vehicles. The demand for thermal management of the whole vehicle is
                upgraded from “thermal comfort of traditional vehicles” to “battery pack safety + range performance+
                thermal comfort”, and the research of new refrigerant systems such as R744 and R290 is on track,
                while waste heat recovery technologies such as electric motors and electronic control open new market
                opportunities. With impetus from both supply and demand, the development of automobile technology
                and the rapid growth of the new energy vehicle market have brought an increasing demand for
                lightweight and integrated vehicle thermal management systems and high-pressure components.




12   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


      5.     Overview of Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Exports


             According to online industry data, for the year 2022, the export volume of refrigerator industry
             d e c r e a s e d b y 21.6% o n a y e a r-o n-y e a r b a s i s, t h e e x p o r t v o l u m e o f w a s h i n g m a c h i n e i n d u s t r y
             decreased by 7.1% on a year-on-year basis, and the export volume of household air-conditioner
             industry decreased by 5.8% on a year-on-year basis. Due to factors such as the energy crisis caused
             by geopolitical factors, the escalation of inflation in major economies, the downturn of overseas real
             estates, and the high channel inventories, the demand in overseas consumer markets is weak and the
             export market of home appliances has been declining. Despite that the overseas market environment
             has put pressure on home appliance exports, new opportunities can still be found amid the sluggish
             environment, i.e. Europe's energy transformation to non-reliance is accelerating in the background of
             the energy crisis, which is expected to further benefit China’s air source heat pump exports, markets
             such as Southeast Asia and Central and East Africa have great potential, and economic recovery will
             drive the growth of demand in home appliances; meanwhile, the further stabilization of shipping costs
             will also boost export business.


II.   ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S OPERATION

      During the Reporting Period, in light of adverse factors such as the complex and severe domestic and
      international environment and the slowdown in global economic growth, the Company has always adhered
      to technology innovation, continuously creating healthy, low-carbon and environment-friendly products
      of quality which are popular to consumers based on the new intelligent living strategy. At the same time,
      the Company has adhered to the advance manufacturing strategy, optimized and enhanced industrial
      competitiveness, reduced cost and improved efficiency to achieve stable scale and profitability. The Company
      achieved operating revenue of RMB74.115 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.70%. In terms
      of products, the HVAC business achieved principal operating revenue of RMB34.500 billion, representing a
      year-on-year increase of 13.48%, the refrigerator and washing machine business achieved principal operating
      revenue of RMB21.207 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.87%, and the Sanden Company
      achieved operating revenue of RMB9.055 billion. In terms of domestic and overseas revenues, principal
      operating revenue of domestic sales business and export sales business amounted to RMB42.624 billion and
      RMB24.871 billion respectively, representing year-on-year increases of 13.36% and 7.38% respectively. Net
      profits attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB1.435 billion, representing a year-on-
      year increase of 47.54%. The details of principal businesses of the Company are set out as follows.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022     13
Management Discussion and Analysis


       1.       HVAC Business Work


               (1)        Central air-conditioner business


                          The Company actively responds to the national “double carbon” policy and adheres to the spirit
                          of continuous technological innovation, integrates energy-efficient technology into product
                          innovation and focuses on in-depth insight into users’ experience and demand, strengthens the
                          brand's strategic and precise positioning, and builds a more solid foundation for the industry.
                          With the development of users’ needs changing from precise temperature control to comfort,
                          health, energy saving, environmental protection and multi-function, the central air business
                          has combined the brand characteristics and differentiated leading products are launched for
                          different occasions and needs. The Hitachi brand takes users’ comfort and health needs as
                          the driving force to create a comfortable space scenario solution with “home feel” such as
                          control of temperature, humidity, atmosphere and oxygen to meet the demand on quality of
                          life which “suits different tastes of different people”. Of which, its central air conditioner is
                          leading the industry since it has been awarded 5A class air quality certification by the building
                          indoor air quality rating. According to the statistics by AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the
                          Hitachi brand had a market share of over 15% in multi-link products in 2022. The Hisense
                          brand focuses on the different needs of users such as health, dual carbon and intelligence,
                          and continuously researches technology in depth to achieve brand value enhancement. During
                          the Reporting Period, Hisense Ai household central air conditioner combining 5G Internet of
                          Things technology with PLC power line communication technology managed to realize the joint
                          control of users' home appliances and equipment and satisfy users' great living experience of
                          “intelligence” and “health”. In the seventh “11.28 National Air Purification Festival (11.28 全
                          民空淨節)”, as the industry's first scene central air conditioner, Hisense Ai household central
                          air conditioner won the highest honour in the air purification industry – “Nanshan Award (南山
                          獎)”, which is also the only brand in the industry that has won the “Nanshan Award” for three
                          consecutive years. The York brand has been working in the segmented market, focusing on users’
                          needs for clean air, diversified heating, air conditioning, hot water, and intelligent control, and
                          other functions. The Company insists on the leading strategy of the product of ‘Tianfudishui’
                          (天氟地水) and launches intelligent one air scenario solutions with innovative and differentiated
                          technology. During the Reporting Period, the “Blue Book on the Technology and Market
                          Development of the Tianfudishui Heat Pump with Two Connections(2022) (天氟地水熱泵兩
                          聯供技術與市場發展藍皮書 (2022))”, jointly compiled by the Company and the Heat Pump
                          Professional Committee of China Energy Saving Association (中國節能協會熱泵專業委員會),
                          was released during the “2022 China Heat Pump Industry Annual Conference (2022中國熱泵
                          行業年會)” to further assist in the industry’s carbon reduction, promote the upgrade of energy
                          saving and emission reduction, and provide support for the wide application of heat pump with
                          two connections products in the market.




14   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (2)   Household air-conditioner business


             The Company keeps abreast with the development trend of the industry and continues to
             innovate and make breakthroughs for its various brands of household air conditioner products
             following the strategy of differentiation. During the Reporting Period, the Hisense brand
             continued to adhere to the fresh air and health value concept of “Oxygenating fresh air and
             enjoy deep breathing”, created the most natural air experience for users through all-day air
             management technology, launched a series of high-quality products such as trésor C200 and X6
             to realize the natural integration of fresh air and air conditioning air, significantly increasing
             the air delivery distance and loop speed of the fresh air system so as to satisfy users’ growing
             demand for fresh air and health, and allow users to take deep breathing freely. According to
             AVC monitoring data, the trésor C200 floor-standing type product has ranked the industry’s
             top 1 in more than 20,000 floor-standing type products for over 30 consecutive weeks after
             its launch, and the X6 fresh air series hangers have quickly led the fresh air sub-market and
             became the industry’s top 1 within 2 months after its launch. Realising young users’ demand for
             household air conditioner products for good-looking and economical products, the Kelon brand
             has promoted the “rebranding” strategy in three dimensions, which are product power, brand
             power and market power, and established the positioning of a “professional air conditioner
             brand for the young generation” by transformation to cater for young consumers. The key
             product “Sleeping Air-Conditioner Small Ear LZ” was launched to cultivate the sleeping air
             conditioner sub-market, aiming to raise brand awareness with its youthful appearance and
             interactive experience, and has gained the attention of users. In response to the characteristics
             and needs of overseas markets, the Company has made new breakthroughs in technologies
             such as ultra-low temperature heating, ultra-high temperature cooling, high energy-efficiency
             expansion, intelligent interconnection, energy conservation and environmental protection, and
             communication control, and has launched a new generation of high-efficiency products with
             features such as easy disassembly, easy maintenance, and environmental protection and energy
             conservation in key markets such as Europe, North America, the Middle East, and Asia-Pacific.
             In addition, the Company presided over the formulation of four trade standards, namely the
             “Comfortability Assessment Specification for Artificial Thermal Environments Section 4: Room
             Air Conditioners with Zone Control (人工熱環境舒適性測評規範第4部分：分溫區控制的房間
             空氣調節器)” and “Technical Specification for Aluminum Fin Type Heat Exchangers for Room
             Air Conditioners (房間空氣調節器用鋁管翅式熱交換器技術規範)”, to actively respond to the
             policies of green manufacturing and low carbon and environmental protection.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.       Refrigerator and Washing Machine Business Work


               (1)        Refrigerator Business


                          During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on user needs and continued to invest in
                          technological innovation and brand promotion, constantly creating green, healthy and intelligent
                          products that meet users’ needs and empower high-quality life. In order to meet the high-end
                          needs of users for fresh and healthy food, the Hisense brand further implemented its vacuum
                          ecological strategy and launched the online vacuum dormant series refrigerators, which can
                          form an advantage on “vacuum all area ecology chain (真空全領域生態鏈)” by creating a
                          vacuum environment in all-compartment, and users can then enjoy the original taste and full
                          nutrition of food. The 505W vacuum ultra-thin refrigerator won the “2022 China Refrigerator
                          Industry Vacuum Preservation Leading Products”. In order to satisfy the users’ demand for
                          large space, large storage and freshness in the refrigerator, the Rongshen brand launched its
                          Ultra Space series of products, allowing larger capacity with the same floor space, leading the
                          industry with a comprehensive upgrade of all-compartment freshness preservation technology,
                          and precisely controlling the freezing temperature through the double net ionization bacteria
                          preservation function of the refrigerator to achieve better preservation effect. The WILL core
                          function of the full metal liner refrigerator succeeds in upgrading the refrigerator from low-
                          temperature preservation to constant-temperature freshness, becoming the pioneer in the
                          industry of maintaining the smallest temperature difference while doubling the fresh keeping
                          time of food compared to ordinary refrigerators, redefining the industry’s standard for freshness
                          preservation, of which the cumulated sales volume of ultra-thin 415 wind II series has achieved
                          top 1 in such category in the industry. At the China Refrigerator Industry Symposium jointly
                          organised by the Information Resources Development Department of the State Information
                          Centre (國家信息中心信息資源開發部) and CHEAA (中國家電網), Rongshen refrigerators were
                          awarded the “2022 China Refrigerator Industry Healthy Refrigerator Leading Brand (2022中國
                          冰箱行業健康冰箱領軍品牌)” for excellent performance in the field of health and freshness, and
                          the Rongshen WILL559 refrigerator was also awarded the “2022 China Refrigerator Industry
                          Healthy Freshness Product of Choice (2022中國冰箱行業健康養鮮優選產品)” and ranked Top
                          1 of the industry’s best-selling more than 20,000 refrigerators released by AVC. In addition, the
                          Hisense brand also appeared in the CCTV variety show “A Thousand Years of Food and Drinks
                          (一饌千年)” to show the Company’s home appliance sets to users in an intelligent kitchen
                          scene. The Rongshen brand created the theme of “looking for fresh and pull off an upset” for the
                          World Cup, and extended its frontier of marketing, joining hand with the new media platform to
                          create and disseminate the promotional content from the perspective of national sentiment and
                          Chinese elements, further presenting the brand marketing method of integrated product sales to
                          users.




16   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


        (2)    Washing Machine Business


               As the industry leader in formulating steam and ironing standards, the Company is committed
               t o p r o v i d i n g u s e r s w i t h b e t t e r p r o d u c t s, f o c u s i n g o n t h e s t e a m i r o n i n g a n d s p e c i a l c a r e
               advantageous technology, fully utilizing the advantage of steam volume control technology
               and continuously enhancing innovation in laundry technology and product experience. During
               the Reporting Period, the Company continuously launched two high-end washing and drying
               sets of products, namely trésor C2 and trésor CC, which are designed to achieve exclusive care
               for high-end luxury clothing by precisely controlling the steam volume and air speed through
               a nanometer-level steam generation system and a contact temperature and humidity sensor.
               Through the integration of intelligent big data application and washing solutions, the “AI Smart
               Sensor” system developed by the Company can independently identify water quality, weather in
               the users’ local area and users’ habits for selection for the best washing solution, truly achieving
               intelligent customisation. During the Reporting Period, Hisense’s intelligent care washing
               machine won the iF Design Award 2022 of Germany for its unique functioning and innovative
               design, marking the fifth consecutive time the Company has won this prestigious international
               award.


   3.   Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business
        Work


        During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on the “dual carbon” policy and the trend of high
        pressure in the industry and the “new four” direction of thermal management of new energy vehicles,
        by combining Sanden Company’s own technical advantages and Hisense Group’s resource advantages,
        the Company continuously promoted the green upgrade and key technology breakthrough of electric
        compressors, integrated thermal management systems and their core components, continued to
        strengthen communication with key customers at multiple levels around the world, integrated supply
        chain resources to reduce system costs, significantly improved the effectiveness of expense investment,
        and realized the transformation from a compressor-based component supplier to a supplier of integrated
        thermal management systems for new energy vehicles.


        During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to increase its investment in research and
        development to consolidate its product competitiveness and strengthen its thermal management system
        integration capabilities. The Company achieved industry leadership in the areas of high pressure,
        miniaturization, low vibration and noise, and new refrigerant in electric compressors, and delivered
        the fifth generation of electric compressors on schedule, and stood in the forefront of the world in the
        practical application of ultra-high voltage compressors. At the same time, the Company has achieved
        independent development and production of core components for thermal management systems, and has
        been the first in the industry to develop a mini mid-mounted dual-layer HVAC and a third-generation
        ECH featuring miniaturization and rapid heating to gain competitiveness in system costs. In addition,
        Sanden Company newly developed integrated thermal management system has been well received by
        experts and has received multiple million yen of funding from the Japanese government for technology
        projects.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022        17
Management Discussion and Analysis


                Meanwhile, the Company continued to build confidence in strategic customer cooperation and deepen
                the implementation of its global customer development strategy. During the Reporting Period, the
                Company successfully secured many key project orders from global customers and obtained various
                new franchises from European and American automobile makers. The 800V 60CC large electric
                compressor was the first to obtain orders from major international customers, and R290 refrigerant
                system has been selected for key development by international automobile makers. New orders for the
                newly developed integrated thermal management system were received in the domestic market, laying
                a solid foundation for the strategic transformation from a compressor-based component supplier to a
                system supplier. In response to the growing demand for localized production and supply from global
                customers, the Company rode on and strengthened Sanden Company’s competitive advantages in
                product cost and supply chain optimization on customers leveraging advantages in the major global
                market of local manufacturing.


                Lastly, the Company continued to lower cost and increase efficiency to help improve the operation
                quality. During the Reporting Period, the Company made continuous efforts in cost reduction and
                supply chain integration of manufacturing, and took multiple measures to improve operational
                efficiency. In terms of manufacturing efficiency improvement, Sanden Company has made reference
                to the manufacturing efficiency improvement management system of the Company and achieved a
                year-on-year improvement in output efficiency per capita, while carrying out cost reduction projects
                in automation, process optimization, energy saving and consumption reduction and other directions.
                The efficiency of manufacturing cost reduction in all factories around the world has been increased
                significantly. At the same time, through the integration of supply chain resources with Hisense Group,
                Sanden Company has been able to save huge procurement costs and effectively curb the impact of
                cost increases brought by the fluctuation in bulk raw materials, semiconductors and exchange rates in
                2022, through measures such as procurement strategy synergy, joint procurement of bulk resources,
                introduction of domestic and advantageous suppliers and cost optimization of key product projects.


       4.       Smart Home Business Work


                Based on the core theme of “Hisense AiLife”, users can gain access to five major themes, nine major
                spaces and 56 scenes of household solutions through the “Hisense Smart Home” app, to achieve the
                layout of smart home’s whole scene of “intelligent, set, scene, ecological”. During the Reporting
                Period, the Company launched the new C2 series of trésor high-end smart set home appliances. The
                product matrix of trésor high-end set continued its improvement to fully meet the needs of families
                through intelligence interconnection and personalization interaction to bring users a brand-new
                experience of integrated household design and intelligence. The trésor sets of home appliances C2
                series’ refrigerators, cooktops and dishwashers provide users with a full-line solution to buy, eat,
                store, cook and wash through intelligent grouping and recipe flow, realizing intelligent cooking and
                perfectly replicating star chef’s dishes. The trésor n sets of home appliances C2 series air conditioner
                products also realized intelligent Ai whole-house air management in five dimensions: temperature,
                humidity, wind, cleanliness and freshness, producing comfortable and good air for users. The trésor
                sets of washing machines realized self-adjustment in the environment such as water quality, weather
                and air quality through Ai intelligent sensor, equipped with liquid laundry detergent identification
                and automatic precise input to provide users a comfortable washing experience. According to the data
                of AVC, in 2022, the trésor sets of home appliances topped the list with a brand price index of 306,
                and has accumulated more than 100,000 quality households so far, becoming one of the most popular
                high-end home appliance sets in the industry. At the same time, the Company obtained the smart home
                intelligent scene certification to create an intelligent home ecological platform with experience and
                data security and multi-brand compatibility, providing a simple and loving interactive experience
                which leads to a new intelligent life.

18   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


   5.   Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business Work


        During the Reporting Period, the Company deepened its globalization plan for R&D, production,
        and channels, with highly synergized production and sales to gain further empowerment in product,
        marketing, manufacturing and branding, actively expanded its sales channels globally, and continuously
        launched high-end, variable frequency and intelligent products to enhance its competitiveness overseas
        and increase the market share of its own brand. During the Reporting Period, the Hisense brand’s
        central air-conditioner seized the market opportunity of fossil fuel substitution and rising natural gas
        prices in Europe, opened up a new business of overseas heating products, successively developed Hi-
        therma Split, Monobloc, Integra and other series of air source heat pump products, and simultaneously
        launched such products in Italy, Poland, Spain, Germany and France after winning the 2022 German
        Red Dot Design Award on product appearance, and effectively helped to capture the mid-to-high-end
        heating market in Europe. In 2022, the export volume of Hisense household air-conditioners posted a
        year-on-year increase of more than 30% according to customs data, the newly developed C1A window-
        type air conditioner, D2K dehumidifier miniaturized new platform products successfully obtained
        bulk overseas orders. For overseas markets, the Company accelerated the research and development of
        technology and application promotion of refrigerator intelligence, and realized the launch of intelligent
        refrigerator products in Europe, Australia, South Africa, Middle East and Africa and other major
        markets. In November 2022, the refrigerator production line of Hisense Mexico Monterrey Home
        Appliances Industrial Park was officially put into production, helping consumers in the Americas to
        obtain more intelligent and convenient services and experiences, accelerating the implementation of the
        regional strategy in the Americas and effectively promoted the progress of Hisense's global expansion.


   6.   Implementing the Advanced Manufacturing Strategy Work


        The Company grasped the positioning of advanced manufacturing strategy, actively constructed
        clean factories, continuously strengthened the foundation of advanced manufacturing, continued to
        bring in core talents, and explore opportunities in reducing procurement cost. During the Reporting
        Period, the Company introduced core talents, facilitated technical experience sharing, and established
        talented team. Meanwhile, with integration and sharing as the guiding principles, supplier optimization
        and tender integration as the main process line to carry out reformation measures, the Company
        significantly optimized and improved its supplier team, effectively enhanced the competitiveness
        of procurement costs to help promote the construction of a globalized and collaborative, safe and
        efficient, green and low-carbon supply system. The Company will systematically set up a clean
        innovation system under its blue print and aided by internal diagnosis and external consultation to
        build a digital lean model and a foundation for advanced manufacturing.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   19
Management Discussion and Analysis


III.     ANALYSIS TO PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

         (I)      MAJOR ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                  Did the Company make retrospective adjustment to or restatement of the accounting data of prior
                  years?


                  □ Yes      ✓ No


                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB


                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                               decrease as
                                                                                                              compared to
                  Item                                                       2022                 2021       last year (%)                 2020

                  Operating revenue (RMB)                       74,115,151,039.29    67,562,603,666.81                9.70    48,392,870,703.11

                  Net profits attributable to shareholders
                    of the parent (RMB)                          1,434,904,374.84       972,581,491.39               47.54     1,578,882,732.14

                  Net profits after deducting non-
                    recurring profit and loss attributable to
                    shareholders of the parent (RMB)               905,503,359.78       666,126,470.35               35.94     1,096,068,604.60

                  Net cash flow from operating activities
                    (RMB)                                        4,032,382,602.38     4,313,780,760.27                -6.52    5,962,707,809.84

                  Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                        1.05                 0.71              47.89                  1.16

                  Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                      1.05                 0.71              47.89                  1.16

                  Weighted average rate of return on net                                                      Increase 3.49
                    assets (%)                                              13.13                  9.64   percentage points               16.99

                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                               decrease as
                                                                                                              compared to
                  Item                                          At the end of 2022   At the end of 2021      last year (%)    At the end of 2020

                  Total assets (RMB)                            55,375,550,868.66    55,948,549,486.98                -1.02   41,811,635,813.53

                  Net assets attributable to shareholders of
                    the parent (RMB)                            11,518,257,281.54    10,342,355,185.33               11.37     9,779,115,580.43




20     Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


   (II)    QUARTERLY MAJOR FINANCIAL INDICATORS

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

           Item                                               First Quarter       Second Quarter        Third Quarter        Fourth Quarter

           Operating revenue                             18,303,785,340.27       20,003,453,358.58   18,718,596,599.71   17,089,315,740.73

           Net profits attributable to shareholders
            of the parent                                    266,233,233.32         354,001,034.14      449,622,342.46       365,047,764.92

           Net profits after deducting non-recurring
            profit and loss attributable to
            shareholders of the parent                       186,128,675.02         241,943,742.02      347,348,485.85       130,082,456.89

           Net cash flow from operating activities          -202,583,768.60         922,612,346.87    3,392,636,569.60        -80,282,545.49


   (III)   NON-RECURRING PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS

           ✓ Applicable        □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

           Item                                                                      2022            2021            2020       Description

           Profits or losses from disposal of non-current assets
             (including the part written off for provision for
             impairment on assets)                                           47,140,615.81    3,535,383.13   23,149,183.27

           Government grants recognised in the profits or losses
            (excluding government grants closely related to the
            Company’s business and are received with fixed amounts
            or with fixed percentage based on unified standards
            promulgated by government)                             225,922,958.46 219,822,004.71 236,769,593.38

           Profit and losses from assets which entrust others to invest
             or manage                                                  187,413,275.48 103,919,806.78 103,945,862.69

           Except for effective hedging operations related to the
             Company’s normal business operations, gain or loss
             from changes in fair values of transactional financial
             assets, derivative financial assets, transactional
             financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities,
             and investment gain from the disposal of transactional
             financial assets, derivative financial assets, transactional
             financial liabilities, derivative financial liabilities and
             other investments in debt                                       16,533,562.48   39,567,358.88   10,010,794.53

           Other non-operating income and expenses other than the
             aforementioned items                                           366,457,850.14   57,837,694.36 204,984,818.62

           Other profit and loss items that satisfy the definition of
             non- recurring profit and loss                                                                  10,012,040.17

           Less: Effect of income tax                                       194,250,687.61   78,433,576.30   61,586,354.09

           Effect of minority interests (after tax)                         119,816,559.70   39,793,650.52   44,471,811.03


           Total                                                            529,401,015.06 306,455,021.04 482,814,127.54




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022    21
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (IV)     ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS


                1.        Composition of operating revenue


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB


                                                               2022                                  2021

                                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                                               decrease as
                                                                                                                              compared to
                                                                      Weighting to                          Weighting to    corresponding
                                                                         operating                             operating   period last year
                          Item                          Amount        revenue (%)             Amount        revenue (%)                (%)

                          Total of operating
                            revenue            74,115,151,039.29                     67,562,603,666.81                                9.70

                          By industry
                          Manufacturing
                            industry           67,494,739,192.70             91.07 60,762,227,036.98               89.93             11.08

                          By product
                          HVAC                 34,499,733,925.58             46.55 30,402,508,314.77               45.00             13.48
                          Refrigerators and
                            washing machines   21,207,092,434.08             28.61 23,017,878,500.74               34.07              -7.87
                          Others               11,787,912,833.04             15.91    7,341,840,221.47             10.86             60.56

                          By region
                          Domestic             42,624,208,014.02             57.51 37,601,996,641.67               55.66             13.36
                          Overseas             24,870,531,178.68             33.56 23,160,230,395.31               34.27              7.38

                          By sales model
                          Direct sales         45,135,900,814.62             60.90 39,818,677,809.46               58.93             13.35
                          Distribution         22,358,838,378.08             30.17 20,943,549,227.52               31.00              6.76




22   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Description of industries, products or regions accounting for 10% or above of the revenue
            or profits from operating businesses of the company


                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB


                                                                                          Increase or                       Increase or
                                                                                          decrease in      Increase or      decrease in
                                                                                        revenue from       decrease in      gross profit
                                                                                                major    costs of major      margin as
                                                                                            operating        operating     compared to
                                                                                         businesses as    businesses as corresponding
                                                                                         compared to      compared to             period
                                    Revenue from              Costs of                  corresponding corresponding            last year
                                  major operating     major operating    Gross profit      period last      period last     (percentage
            Item                        businesses          businesses   margin (%)          year (%)         year (%)            point)

            By industry
            Manufacturing
              industry           67,494,739,192.70   52,573,262,431.34         22.11            11.08            10.03              0.75

            By products
            HVAC                 34,499,733,925.58   24,865,299,572.62         27.93            13.48            10.95              1.65
            Refrigerators and
              washing machines   21,207,092,434.08   17,489,202,653.17         17.53             -7.87            -8.75             0.80
            Others               11,787,912,833.04   10,218,760,205.55         13.31            60.56            64.75             -2.21

            By region
            Domestic             42,624,208,014.02   30,048,541,796.87         29.50            13.36            12.98              0.23
            Overseas             24,870,531,178.68   22,524,720,634.47           9.43            7.38              6.33             0.90

            By sales model
            Direct sales         45,135,900,814.62   38,019,950,033.16         15.77            13.35            11.90              1.10
            Distribution         22,358,838,378.08   14,553,312,398.18         34.91             6.76              5.42             0.82




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022      23
Management Discussion and Analysis


                3.        Whether the company’s income from sales of goods larger than its income from provision
                          of services


                          ✓ Yes □ No


                                                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                                                               decrease as
                                                                                                                                              compared to
                                                                                                                                            corresponding
                                                                                                                                           period last year
                          Industry category         Item                               Unit               2022                 2021                    (%)

                          Manufacturing industry    Sales volume        Ten thousand units                4,280                3,588                 19.29

                                                    Production volume   Ten thousand units                4,449                3,615                 23.07

                                                    Inventory volume    Ten thousand units                 373                  204                  82.84



                4.        Composition of operating costs


                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0000


                                                                                   2022                              2021

                                                                                                                                               Increase or
                                                                                                                                               decrease as
                                                                                                                                              compared to
                                                                                          Weighting to                      Weighting to corresponding
                                                                                              operating                       operating         period last
                          Industry category        Item                     Amount            costs (%)       Amount           costs (%)          year (%)

                          Manufacturing industry Raw materials          4,745,169.13              90.26   4,441,615.01            92.96               6.83

                                                   Direct expense        296,583.01                5.64     185,769.64              3.89             59.65

                                                   Others                215,574.10                4.10     150,760.98              3.16             42.99




24   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


       5.   Expenses

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                                               Increase or
                                                                               decrease as
                                                                              compared to
                                                                            corresponding
                                                                           period last year   Reason for the
            Expense Item                        2022               2021                (%)    significant changes

            Sales expense            8,070,720,273.85   7,672,002,974.36              5.20    No significant changes

            Management expense       1,821,201,420.18   1,326,886,898.17             37.25    Mainly due to the growth of
                                                                                              the Company’s scale and the
                                                                                              consolidation of Sanden Company
                                                                                              and increased fees for the
                                                                                              construction of the Mexico plant
                                                                                              during the Reporting Period

            Research and             2,289,313,746.54   1,986,668,028.13             15.23    No significant changes
              development expenses

            Finance expense          -182,163,831.39      56,663,964.54                N/A    Mainly due to the increase in foreign
                                                                                              exchange gai


       6.   Research and development inputs

            For details of research and development inputs of the Company during the Reporting Period,
            please refer to relevant content of “VI. CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS” under the
            “Management Discussion and Analysis” section.

            Research and development Staff of the Company

                                                                                                                        Change in
                                                                                                                       proportion
            Item                                                            2022                 2021                        (%)

            Number of research and development staff                        3067                 2892                        6.05%

            Proportion of number of research and development
              staff (%)                                                    6.21%               5.99%                         0.22%

            Academic Structure of research and
             development Staff

            Undergraduate                                                   1486                 1374                        8.15%

            Master and above                                                1130                 1067                        5.90%

            Age composition of research and
             development staff

            Under 30 years old                                               806                  763                        5.64%

            30~40 years old                                                 1390                 1382                        0.58%

            Over 40 years old                                                871                  747                      16.60%



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022     25
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Description of research and development inputs of the Company


                                                                                                                                   Change in
                                                                                                                                  proportion
                          Item                                                              2022                  2021                    (%)

                          Amount of research and
                            development inputs (RMB)                             2,419,065,502.17      2,149,419,026.20                 12.55

                          Proportion of research and development inputs                                                                  0.08
                            to operating revenue (%)                                         3.26                  3.18      percentage points

                          Amount of capitalised research and
                            development inputs (RMB)                                           0                     0                      0

                          Proportion of capitalised research and development
                            inputs to research and development inputs                          0                     0                      0



                7.        Cash Flow


                                                                                                                                Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                                  Increase or
                                                                                                                                  decrease as
                                                                                                                                 compared to
                                                                                                                               corresponding
                                                                                                                             period last year
                          Item                                                                 2022                  2021                 (%)

                          Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities      66,773,741,495.44     60,633,707,570.46              10.13

                          Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities     62,741,358,893.06     56,319,926,810.19              11.40

                          Net cash flows from operating activities                  4,032,382,602.38      4,313,780,760.27               -6.52

                          Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities      22,483,763,618.07     17,544,425,926.76              28.15

                          Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities     25,081,409,578.99     21,967,714,447.82              14.17

                          Net cash flows from investing activities                 -2,597,645,960.92     -4,423,288,521.06                N/A

                          Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities       3,348,695,041.76      5,920,569,096.47             -43.44

                          Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities      5,127,326,548.62      4,445,646,368.95              15.33

                          Net cash flows from financing activities                 -1,778,631,506.86      1,474,922,727.52                N/A

                          Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                  -400,830,719.28      1,261,974,222.42                N/A




26   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


              Explanations on the main contributing factors for significant year-on-year changes of the
              relevant figures:


              ✓ Applicable               □ Not applicable


              The decrease in cash inflows from financing activities was mainly due to the decrease in new
              borrowings of subsidiaries.


   (V)   ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


         1.   Significant changes in asset items


                                                                                                                                                       Unit: RMB


                                                 At the end of 2022                  At the end of 2021
                                                                                                                   Change in
                                                              Percentage                          Percentage      proportion
                                                                  to total                            to total    (percentage
              Item                                Amount       assets (%)             Amount       assets (%)          point)   Explanation of significant changes

              Cash at bank and on hand 6,001,295,427.37               10.84   7,022,572,498.74            12.55         -1.71   No significant changes


              Accounts receivable         7,665,702,299.91            13.84   8,757,077,378.05            15.65         -1.81   No significant changes

              Contract assets                 6,918,368.07             0.01     10,202,598.50              0.02         -0.01   No significant changes

              Inventories                 6,552,835,435.54            11.83   8,436,699,059.69            15.08         -3.25   Mainly due to the reduction in reserves
                                                                                                                                at the end of the Reporting Period

              Investment property          208,716,406.19              0.38    235,340,080.78              0.42         -0.04   No significant changes

              Long-term equity            1,518,340,556.73             2.74   1,436,216,842.15             2.57          0.17   No significant changes
                investments

              Fixed assets                5,318,274,820.56              9.6   5,188,754,013.36             9.27          0.33   No significant changes

              Construction in progress     525,171,610.80              0.95    665,964,066.15              1.19         -0.24   No significant changes

              Right to use assets          181,192,061.73              0.33    209,678,045.05              0.37         -0.04   No significant changes

              Short-term borrowings       1,462,253,713.24             2.64   2,858,984,229.49             5.11         -2.47   Mainly due to the decrease in
                                                                                                                                borrowings of subsidiaries at the end of
                                                                                                                                the Reporting Period

              Contract liabilities        1,145,145,334.78             2.07   1,147,112,513.32             2.05          0.02   No significant changes

              Long-term borrowings          19,808,239.84              0.04     32,382,835.84              0.06         -0.02   No significant changes

              Leasing liabilities          277,195,821.24               0.5    395,949,053.40              0.71         -0.21   No significant changes




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022             27
Management Discussion and Analysis


                2.        Assets and liabilities measured at fair value


                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


                                                                               Gain or loss    Accumulated
                                                                             from change in      changes in   Impairment             Amount
                                                               Amount at          fair value     fair value     provided          purchased            Amount                          Amount at
                                                            the beginning        during the      accounted     during the         during the        sold during          Other          the end of
                          Item                               of the period           period       in equity       period              period         the period        changes          the period

                          Financial assets

                          1. Financial assets
                                 held for trading
                                 (excluding derivative
                                 financial assets)        5,619,079,742.46    16,533,562.48                                 18,131,190,615.84 17,029,609,057.48                   6,737,194,863.30

                          2. Derivative financial
                                 assets                       6,761,891.49    13,864,506.69                                                                         412,737.38      21,039,135.56

                          3. Other investments
                                 in debt                  3,669,679,060.94                                                   1,403,280,409.82                                     5,072,959,470.76

                          4. Other investments
                                 in equity instruments      38,707,912.25                       -923,544.95                       883,465.45         130,357.07   -2,138,446.97     36,399,028.71

                          Sub-total of financial assets   9,334,228,607.14    30,398,069.17     -923,544.95                 19,535,354,491.11 17,029,739,414.55   -1,725,709.59 11,867,592,498.33

                          Investment properties

                          Productive biological assets

                          Others                                              -6,130,682.65                                    30,318,691.93                      1,560,922.11      25,748,931.39



                          Total                           9,334,228,607.14    24,267,386.52     -923,544.95                 19,565,673,183.04 17,029,739,414.55    -164,787.48 11,893,341,429.72



                          Financial liabilities                    244.38     -1,745,164.93                                                                              78.70        1,745,488.01




                          Other changes in content


                          Other changes mainly due to the impact of changes in exchange rates.




28   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


   (VI)   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS


          1.   Technical and Product Advantages


               T h e C o m p a n y a d h e r e s t o i t s c o r e p h i l o s o p h y o f “r e l y i n g o n t e c h n o l o g y t o b u i l d u p t h e
               Company”, and is firmly committed to the strategy of “making well products with high quality”
               and smart new life strategy, making continuous development in core technological innovation
               of “intelligent, health, environment friendly, low-carbon” as the core competitiveness of the
               Company’s long-term development. The Company has established over 20 centres at provincial
               and ministerial-level and above, such as national-level enterprise technology centre, post-
               doctoral research station, national-level industrial design centre and other technological
               innovation platforms. During the Reporting Period, the Company optimized its research and
               development organisational structure to meet users’ needs, and made improvement in user
               experience as its aim of technology research and development. The Company also launched
               an engineer building project, promoted technical advancement, enhanced the evaluation of
               pre-research and the commercialization work, improved its global research and development
               system, realised the synergy of domestic and overseas research and development resources and
               simultaneous development of platforms, and met the global demand for differentiated products.


               HVAC Business: In terms of central air conditioner, the Company has enhanced innovation
               in the areas of "energy saving and comfort, intelligent and health, maintenance and operation
               management" to create new customer value at higher level and accelerate our transformation
               into a central air conditioner whole life cycle solution provider. The Company has maintained
               its industry leadership in the performance of multi-linked products by utilizing technologies
               such as the new-generation heat exchange platform and APF enhancement for comprehensive
               year-round energy efficiency. It has enhanced the user experience of energy saving, comfort and
               health in residential scenes through technologies such as precise temperature and load control,
               dehumidification at constant temperature and negative oxygen ionization. The Company also
               made breakthroughs in central air conditioner malfunction pre-diagnosis technology, which
               led the industry in the number and accuracy of diagnosable malfunctions and enabled its air
               conditioning systems to optimize their functions. Through the research and development of
               key technologies such as the system group control energy-saving algorithm, the Company has
               achieved a technical breakthrough in high-efficiency rooms and further strengthened the energy
               saving feature in operation and management of central air conditioner. In terms of household
               air conditioners, the Company has obtained the product label of " air conditioner carrying fresh
               and oxygenated health air", and became the first in the industry to introduce fresh air and air
               conditioning wind active mixing technology based on Airfoil's dual culvert design theory,
               which significantly improves the distance of fresh air and air exchange effect. The Company has
               made significant breakthroughs in the direction of temperature and humidity AI adjustment, ion
               purification, UV sterilization, natural wind sensor and other technologies to turn air conditioners
               into all-day natural air managers, marking its industry leadership in health and comfort. In
               addition, the Company has mastered the key technology of inverter drive and overcame a
               series of technological bottlenecks of high power density inverter control system, and these
               achievements have been recognized internationally such that the Company has consolidated its
               position as an "inverter expert".




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022       29
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Refrigerator and Washing Machine Business: The Company focuses on the “low-carbon,
                          health management, intelligent” technology, renewable material application technology to
                          reduce carbon emissions, realizing the recycling of waste plastics; the application of low thermal
                          conductivity insulation materials and on-demand defrosting technology have reduced power
                          consumption. It has made breakthroughs in biological floating appearance antibacterial material
                          with the floating appearance antibacterial material formula and injection molding process and
                          realized an antibacterial rate of more than 99.99% and met the food contact requirements;;
                          its sub-freezing technology has improved the freshness of meat, fruits and vegetables room
                          humidity preservation technology, integrated innovation room humidity and ethylene removal
                          and three-color light preservation module have realized 5% of 7 days weight loss rate of fruits
                          and vegetables; the WILL second generation light fresh technology with its innovative design
                          of fruits and vegetables light fresh mode, leads to an increase of 20% in the preservation effect
                          of fruits and vegetables; its sub-freezing technology has improved the freshness of meat; and
                          breakthroughs in the interconnection of refrigerators with body fat scales and ovens have
                          helped users keep a healthy diet. The above industry-leading technologies enhanced both user
                          experience and product value. In terms of washing machines, the Company focuses on the core
                          needs of consumer laundry care. It carried out in-depth research on laundry care elements and
                          intelligent control technologies, and achieved breakthroughs in the research and application of
                          technologies such as drum full-time drive, laundry intelligent identification and critical speed
                          analysis. The laundry care quality reached industry-leading levels and product performance also
                          gradually achieved industry leadership.


                          Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System
                          Business: The Company focuses on the national “dual carbon” policy and the industry trend
                          to continuously promote green upgrades and key technological breakthroughs in electric
                          compressors, integrated thermal management systems and their core components. In the
                          field of electric compressors, the Company has built an industry-leading platform for new
                          generation electric compressors, and has been recognized by our customers for our industry-
                          leading technologies such as high-efficiency cyclone, self-adjusting back pressure control,
                          and new surface wear-resistant coating technology, and has received new project orders from
                          internationally renowned customers. In the field of electric vehicle thermal management,
                          through integrated thermal management technology for the secondary circuit of centralised
                          refrigerant units, it can effectively reduce the decline in battery life in winter, and government
                          subsidies have been received from the Japanese Industrial Development Project for a total of
                          several hundred million yen over a five-year period, and has been selected for joint development
                          projects with European customers. In terms of thermal management core component technology,
                          the Company has built an industry-leading 800V cooling liquid electric heater product platform,
                          which can effectively ensure the normal operation of the battery in low temperature environment
                          and the comfort of the driver; and the mid-mounted double-layer air conditioner technology can
                          effectively reduce energy consumption while realizing the industry-leading space arrangement.
                          The above two technologies and products have won recognition from our domestic customers
                          and will be put to mass production soon.




30   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Brand advantages


            The Company’s products are released under eight brands, namely “Hisense”, “Ronshen”,
            “KELON”, “HITACHI”, “YORK”, “gorenje”, “ASKO” and “SANDEN”. Such rich brand line-up
            has allowed the Company to enjoy an excellent brand reputation and solid customer base. With
            the range of products covered by different brands and their product characteristics, the Company
            is able to meet the needs of different users. Overseas awareness and influence of the Hisense
            brand are both rising in accordance with the Company’s ongoing international expansion
            strategy. The Company keeps strengthening its marketing effort in sports by sponsoring
            EURO2016, World Cup 2018, EURO2020 and World Cup 2022, with the aim to significantly
            boost its brand popularity in international market through these top sporting events in the world.
            The “Ronshen” brand has 39 years of development history and is the pioneer and leader of white
            home appliances in China. It has revitalized itself with the new brand proposition of “remain
            fresh even after seven days of storage”. During the Reporting Period, Ronshen made continuous
            efforts in low-carbon environmental protection, maintained intelligent health and youthfulness,
            and continuously added value to its brand by immersing itself in the Tiktok platform, sponsoring
            top variety shows and participating in World Cup marketing. “Ronshen Refrigerator is the
            Light of National Products" has become a slogan in 2022; Hisense Air Conditioners has taken
            the lead in the health-focused fresh air race with its brand slogan of “Oxygenated fresh air,
            freedom to breathe", providing consumers with healthy, comfortable, intelligent and energy-
            saving products. The “KELON” brand has focused on air-conditioning for decades and has
            positioned itself as a professional and practical brand that caters to the precise needs of users.
            In 2022, KELON Air Conditioner seized the opportunity of change and pushed forward the
            development strategy of "brand rejuvenation and transformation", and made continuous efforts
            in exploring the journey of brand rejuvenation. Leveraging on the strengths of the “HITACHI”,
            “Hisense” and “YORK” brands, the Company has been able to retain its leadership in the multi-
            split central air-conditioner sector. Hitachi Central Air Conditioner continued to promote brand
            value marketing, digital marketing, and scenario ecological construction, leading the industry's
            high-end brand heights, and has won the honorary award in the category of "Top 500 Preferred
            Supplier Air Conditioner for Real Estate Development Enterprises" for 12 consecutive years.
            Hisense Central Air Conditioner continued to build a core brand strategy based on "quality,
            health and intelligent", and has made continuous breakthroughs in product technology, ranking
            among the top three domestic brands in the industry. Leveraging the brand influence as the
            top sponsor of the “World Cup”, the image of high-end new national product has been deeply
            perceived. York VRF Tianfudishui has maintained its leading position in the industry sub-
            market, and enhanced its brand value through fluoridated water cross-border fully comfort
            solutions, comprehensive and differentiated solutions for the whole scene, and all-dimensional
            purification and health solutions. As the world’s leading first-tier manufacturer of automotive
            air conditioning compressors and automotive air conditioning systems, the “SANDEN” brand
            has a strong global presence and has established partnerships with many global brand-name
            automobile manufacturers, resulting in continuous enhancement in its global brand influence.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   31
Management Discussion and Analysis


                3.        Culture of integrity


                          “No person can find a place in society without integrity; and no business can flourish without
                          credit”. Integrity is the Company’s core value and is a crucial element of its corporate culture,
                          and as such it is regarded as essential to the Company’s continuing operation. To ensure that all
                          staff act in accordance with the values of “honesty, integrity, practicability and progressiveness”
                          and that interactions between the Company and its stakeholders are in the same spirit as well
                          as in compliance with laws and regulations, the Company formulated a Code of Integrity which
                          makes integrity a rule, a code and a normality pervading all its activities.


       (VII) M A J O R S U B S I D I A R I E S A N D C O M P A N I E S I N W H I C H T H E C O M P A N Y H A S E Q U I T Y
                INTEREST


                Major Subsidiaries and Participating Companies Affecting 10% or More of the Company's Net
                Profit


                                                                                                                                                      Net profit
                                                                                                                                                 attributable to
                                                                                                                                                 shareholders of
                                                                                     Total assets   Net assets      Operating       Operating      the Company
                Name of         Company      Major                     Registered      (RMB ten     (RMB ten revenue (RMB         profit (RMB         (RMB ten
                company         type         business                      capital     thousand)    thousand)    ten thousand)   ten thousand)        thousand)

                Hisense Hitachi Subsidiary   Production and         USD150million    1,920,328.39   644,678.69    2,013,457.15      354,400.33       271,818.61
                                               sale of commercial
                                               air-conditioners

                Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period


                Details of the changes in the scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are
                set out in Note 7 to the financial statements in this report.




32   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


IV.   OUTLOOK

      (I)    The Company’s development strategy


             With the mission of “pursuing scientific and technological innovation, taking the lead in the advanced
             manufacturing, and bring happiness to millions of families with high-quality products and services”,
             the Company abides by the values of “users first, pragmatic innovation, honesty and integrity,
             sustainable management”, and is committed to creating high quality products and become the most
             trusted brand for consumers worldwide.


      (II)   Business highlights for 2023


             In 2023, the Company will continue to adhere to the strategic concept of “doing longer and better”,
             s t i m u l a t e t h e v i t a l i t y o f t h e t e a m, a c t i v e l y e m b r a c e c h a n g e s, f o c u s o n t h e l o n g-t e r m c a p a c i t y
             enhancement, improve the operating quality and seek for new breakthrough point by focusing on the
             following measures:


             1.        Improving the talent structure and stimulating vitality of the team: implementing a long-
                       term incentive mechanism, improving the mechanism of talent work, attracting and retaining
                       outstanding talents, mobilizing the enthusiasm of all kinds of talents, enhancing the competition
                       c a p a b i l i t y, e f f i c i e n c y a n d w i n n i n g r a t e o f t h e t e a m, a n d g i v i n g f u l l p l a y t o t h e o v e r a l l
                       effectiveness;


             2.        P r o m o t i n g t h e i m p l e m e n t a t i o n o f “b i g R&D” a n d e n h a n c i n g t e c h n o l o g y a n d p r o d u c t
                       competitiveness: adhering to the strategy of technology leading development, continuously
                       strengthening the foundation of R&D management, increasing technology investment and
                       technology cooperation, achieving research and breakthroughs in forward-looking technologies
                       and future technologies to lead the development of enterprises with innovation, and accelerating
                       the transformation of high-end, intelligent and green industry;


             3.        Focusing on user needs and promoting the construction of smart life stores: focusing on
                       the strength of smart product and home appliances integrated scenario to enhance the
                       implementation effect, grasping the user's mind, providing consumers with smart and convenient
                       intelligent life solutions, and helping the home appliances industry to establish its competitive
                       advantage;




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022        33
Management Discussion and Analysis


                4.        Pursuing an advanced manufacturing strategy and continuously improving product quality:
                          actively pursuing the mission of advanced and smart manufacturing enterprises, promoting
                          the transformation and upgrade of manufacturing mode to digitalization, intelligentization
                          and informatization, and vigorously improving the standard of advanced manufacturing. By
                          benchmarking peer experience, continuing to improve quality standards and to build up the
                          ultimate strength of Hisense home appliances;


                5.        Building a safe, stable, high quality and competitive supply system: continuously deepening
                          the optimization and integration of the supply system, conducting regulated management from
                          service, entry level and other perspectives, and constantly improving the quality, technology,
                          management and other aspects of the segment standard to help build the solid power of “made
                          by Hisense”;


                6.        Continuously improving the product and channel structure and establishing its footholds in local
                          markets: continuously enhancing product strength by long-term capacity building, continuously
                          improving product structure and actively creating a high-end image. Meanwhile, implementing
                          the strategy of prioritizing Hisense specialty store, continuously improving online operation
                          capability, and effectively enhancing marketing efficiency;


                7.        Breakthroughs in key markets and improving overseas operations: strictly following the
                          strategic direction of self-owned brand, connecting the global integration of procurement,
                          supply, sales, research and management, rapidly adjusting to market changes, timely responding
                          to customers’ needs, realizing new breakthroughs in key overseas markets, and promoting
                          healthy and sustainable growth in export sales.


       (III)    Risks faced by the Group include:


                1.        M a c r o e c o n o m i c f l u c t u a t i o n r i s k: t h e r e a r e m o r e u n c e r t a i n t i e s i n c u r r e n t d o m e s t i c a n d
                          international macro environments. If the economic growth continues to slow down, it may lead
                          to a lack of consumer momentum, which will in turn affect the consumer demand for home
                          appliances.


                2.        Risk of fluctuations in raw material prices: if the prices of raw materials fluctuate, or the
                          labor and service costs and installation and maintenance costs continue to rise, the Company's
                          profitability will be adversely affected.


                3.        Exchange rate fluctuation risk: if the RMB exchange rate fluctuates sharply, it will directly
                          affect the cost competitiveness of the Company’s overseas products, thereby affecting the
                          profitability of its overseas business.


                4.        Market risks brought about by protectionism and trade barriers: if some countries and regions
                          increase trade barriers by means of have imposing higher tariffs and compulsory certification to
                          protect their own economic interests, this will result in increased operating costs which many
                          indirectly affect the competitiveness of the Company’s overseas business.




34   Annual Report 2022
Management Discussion and Analysis


V.   EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD

     1.   2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme


          On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting (the “EGM”), the 2023 first
          A Share class meeting and the 2023 first H Share class meeting considered and approved (i) the
          resolution on the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) of the Company and its summary,
          (ii) the resolution on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal System of the 2022 Restricted
          A Share Incentive Scheme of the Company and (iii) the resolution to propose the general meeting of
          shareholders to authorize the Board to deal with matters in relation to the 2022 Restricted A Share
          Incentive Scheme of the Company, respectively. For details, please refer to the Company’s circular
          dated 13 February 2023 and the Company’s announcement dated 28 February 2023.


          As at the date of this report, the Company has not yet administered the 2022 Restricted A Share
          Incentive Scheme.


     2.   2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


          On 28 February 2023, the EGM considered and approved (i) the resolution on the 2022 A Share
          Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company and its summary, (ii) the resolution on the
          Administrative Measures for the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company and
          (iii) the resolution to propose the general meeting of shareholders to authorize the Board to deal with
          matters in relation to the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. For details,
          please refer to the Company’s circular dated 13 February 2023 and the Company’s announcement dated
          28 February 2023.


          As at the date of this report, the Company has not yet administered the 2022 A Share Employee Stock
          Ownership Plan.


     3.   Repurchase of A Shares


          On 30 December 2022, the Company convened the 10th extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session
          of the Board, in which the resolution relating to the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company
          through centralized bidding trading (the “A Share Repurchase Plan”) was considered and approved.
          The A Shares repurchased under the A Share Repurchase Plan are intended to be used for the 2022 A
          Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan.


          On 14 March 2023, the Company convened the fourth extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session
          of the Board, in which the resolution relating to adjust the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the
          Company through centralized bidding trading was considered and approved. The upper limit of the
          repurchase price under the A Share Repurchase Plan was adjusted from not more than RMB17.00 per
          Share to not more than RMB21.00 per Share, and the total repurchase funds were adjusted from not less
          than RMB99.45 million and not more than RMB198.90 million to not less than RMB122.85 million and
          not more than RMB245.70 million.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   35
Management Discussion and Analysis


                F r o m 16 J a n u a r y 2023 t o 16 M a r c h 2023, t h e C o m p a n y r e p u r c h a s e d 11,699,989 A S h a r e s o f t h e
                Company through centralized bidding trading at a total transaction amount of RMB211,401,111.66
                (excluding transaction fees).


                Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 2 January 2023 and 14 March 2023 for details.


                As at the date of this report, the repurchase of A shares under the A Share Repurchase Plan has been
                completed.


       4.       Changes of President and executive Directors


                With effect from 28 February 2023, (i) Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, the chairman of the Company, ceased to be
                the president of the Company (the “President”), (ii) Mr. Lin Lan ceased to be an executive Director, a
                member of the Strategic Committee and a member of the Renumeration & Appraisal Committee of the
                Company and (iii) Mr. Fei Li Cheng ceased to be an executive Director and a member of the Strategic
                Committee of the Company.


                On even date, Mr. Hu Jian Yong was appointed as the President with the effect from 28 February 2023.


                With effect from 19 April 2023, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao and Mr. Hu Jian Yong have been executive Directors
                of the Company.


                Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 28 February 2023, 24 March 2023 and 19 April
                2023 and the circular dated 30 March 2023 for details.




36   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


Sound corporate governance is the basic assurance to the long-term healthy and stable development of a corporation,
whereas continued enhancement of the governance level is a necessary measure to maintain the healthy development
of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company had further revised the “Entrusted Wealth Management
System”, “Internal Control System for Forward Foreign Exchange Fund Transactions” and other institutional
documents to continuously enhance the corporate governance system. The shareholders’ general meetings, meetings
of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) and its various specialised committees and the supervisory
committee of the Company performed their functions, coordinated with each other and maintained effective check
and balance in accordance with the laws, regulations and the relevant systems, which continuously enhanced the level
of corporate governance of the Company.


The Company has adopted the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report (the “Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Hong Kong Listing Rules”) as its own code to govern its
corporate governance practices.


(I)   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE:

                                                       Shareholders’
                                                      General Meeting




                                                                           Supervisory
                                                                           Committee

                                                     Board of Directors




            Remuneration and
                                     Nomination Committee          Strategic Committee        Audit Committee
           Appraisal Committee



                                                  Operational Management



(a)   Corporate governance structure:


      As the highest authority of the Company, the shareholders, at general meetings, exercise their functions and
      powers in accordance with the laws to make decisions on significant matters of the Company. The Company
      has established and maintained different communication channels with its shareholders through publication
      of announcements on the websites of the Company, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock
      Exchange, as well as by e-mail, telephone and facsimile.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   37
Corporate Governance Report


       In accordance with Article 8.27 of the Articles of Association of the Company, a poll may be demanded in any
       shareholders’ general meeting of the Company by:

       (a)      the chairman of the meeting; or

       (b)      at least two shareholders with voting rights or their proxies; or

       (c)      one or more shareholder(s) (including their proxies) representing, individually or in aggregate, 10% or
                more of all shares carrying the voting rights at the general meeting.

       The chairman of the general meeting will present detailed procedures of a poll to the shareholders at the
       beginning of the shareholders’ general meeting, and then answer any questions of the shareholders relating to
       voting by poll. The voting results will be announced after the general meeting in the manner prescribed under
       Rule 13.39(5) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

       In 2022, one annual general meeting (the “AGM”) was held by the Company on 24 June 2022 and two
       extraordinary general meetings (the “EGMs”) were held by the Company on 19 January 2022 and 27 October
       2022, respectively. The shareholding held by the shareholders attending the AGM and each of the two EGMs
       represented 46.14%, 58.78% and 11.59% of the then total issued shares of the Company, respectively. The
       attendance records of the directors of the Company are set out in the following table:

                                               Attendance of the general meetings of the Company by the Directors
                                                  Number of
                                              meetings which
                                                   should be            Number of             Number of            Attendance
                                                attended for            attendance            attendance               rate for
       Name                                         the year              in person             by proxy              the year

       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                      3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao (Note 1)                                0                     0                    0                  0%
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong (Note 2)                              0                     0                    0                  0%
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                     3                     3                    0                100%
       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                        3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                    3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                     3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang (Note 3)                               0                     0                    0                  0%
       Mr. Lin Lan (Note 4)                                   3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Fei Li Cheng (Note 5)                              3                     3                    0                100%
       Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 6)                               3                     3                    0                100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;

       2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;

       3.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;

       4.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;

       5.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and

       6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


38   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   Rights of Shareholders


   Procedures for shareholders in relation to requisition of the convening of shareholders’ extraordinary
   general meeting or class meeting


   Shareholders who request the convening of a shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting
   shall comply with the following procedures:


   (1)   Shareholders holding individually or in aggregate more than 10% of the shares of the Company are
         entitled to propose to convene a shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the
         Board in writing. The Board shall, pursuant to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of
         Association of the Company, provide written feedback on whether it agrees or disagrees to convene the
         extraordinary general meeting within 10 days after receipt of the written request.


   (2)   If the Board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting, it shall issue a
         notice to convene such shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting within five (5) days of its
         decision, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only with the consent of
         the relevant shareholder(s). If the Board decides against convening the extraordinary general meeting
         or the class meeting, or if it has failed to provide its feedback within ten (10) days after receiving the
         request, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company are
         entitled to propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the Supervisory
         Committee in writing.


   (3)   If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or class meeting,
         it shall issue a notice to convene such extraordinary general meeting or class meeting within five (5)
         days of receipt of the written request, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be
         made only with the consent of the relevant shareholder(s). If the Supervisory Committee fails to issue a
         notice of extraordinary general meeting or class meeting within the prescribed period, the Supervisory
         Committee shall be deemed not convening or chairing an extraordinary general meeting or class
         meeting. Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company for
         ninety (90) consecutive days may themselves convene and chair such meeting.


   Procedures by which enquiries may be made by shareholders


   Shareholder seeking to request for information such as the Company’s Articles of Association, register of
   shareholders and minutes of extraordinary general meetings or inspect relevant information should provide
   written documentation to the Company as evidence for the type and number of shares of the Company that
   he/she holds. Upon verification of the shareholder’s identity, the Company will provide the copy as per the
   shareholder’s request within seven (7) days upon receipt of reasonable charges. In addition, the shareholders
   can also make enquiries or suggestions by various methods such as phone, mail, site visit and internet
   platform. The Securities Department of the Company, whose contact details are set out below, is responsible
   for the day-to-day communication with shareholders:

   The Securities Department, Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
   No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street,
   Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province,
   the People’s Republic of China
   Postal code: 528303
   Fax number: 86-757-28361055
   E-mail address: hxjdzqb@hisense.com



                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   39
Corporate Governance Report


       Shareholders have smooth channels to make enquiries and suggestions to the Company, and the Company also
       arranges designated person to respond to the relevant enquiries in a timely manner.


       For voting on each resolution at a general meeting, shareholders are entitled to enquire about the content of
       the resolution and make recommendation in respect thereof. Speaking shareholder should first introduce his/
       her identity as shareholder and his/her shareholdings etc., whereas the chairman of the meeting shall in person
       or appoint specific staff to respond to or give explanation for such enquiry or recommendation.


       Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ general meeting


       Any shareholder(s) who hold(s), individually or jointly, 3% or more of the Company’s shares shall be entitled
       to propose and submit in writing to the convener additional motions sixteen (16) days prior to the date of the
       shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the general meeting within
       the prescribed period to announce the contents of the additional motion(s).


       As regard the procedures for proposing a person for election as a Director, please refer to the procedures
       available on the website of the Company at http://hxjd.hisense.cn.


       Changes in constitutional documents


       On 24 June 2022, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments to the Articles of Association
       at the 2021 annual general meeting. The relevant amendments were made according to the newly revised
       “Guidelines on the Articles of Association of Listed Companies” (《上市公司章程指引》）, the “Rules on
       G e n e r a l M e e t i n g s o f S h a r e h o l d e r s o f L i s t e d C o m p a n i e s”（《上市公司股東大會規則》）a n d t h e r e l e v a n t
       provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement and
       circular both dated 27 May 2022.


       The Company further amended its Articles of Association pursuant to the resolutions of the shareholders
       passed on 28 February 2023. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 January 2023
       and its circular dated 13 February 2023.

       The full text of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association can be found at the Hong Kong Stock
       Exchange’s website (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (http://hxjd.hisense.cn).




40   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


(b)   The Board of Directors


      The nomination committee of the Company (the "Nomination Committee") has been established under the
      Board. The Nomination Committee will select and make suggestions on the candidates for the positions
      of Directors and the selection criteria and procedures and the same will be submitted to the Board for
      consideration and approval, and Directors will be elected at the shareholders’ general meetings.


      As at the date of this report, the Board comprised nine Directors, including six executive Directors, namely
      Mr. Dai Hui Zhong (Chairman), Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua
      and Ms. Gao Yu Ling, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr.
      Cheung Sai Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. The following changes in the composition of the Board and important
      executive functions took place during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report:


      (i)     Ms. Gao Yu Ling has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 January 2022;


      (ii)    Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Directors of the Company with effect
              from 9 January 2023;


      (iii)   Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Directors of the Company since 9 January
              2023;


      (iv)    Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;


      (v)     Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February
              2023;


      (vi)    Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023; and


      (vii)   Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


      Members of the Board do not have any relationship in financial, business, family or other significant aspects
      among themselves.


      The Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three years,
      which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment. Each of the independent non-executive Directors
      shall not remain in office for more than six years.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   41
Corporate Governance Report


       Board Diversity Policy


       The Board has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of
       having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving sustainable and
       balanced development, the Company aims to achieve board diversity through consideration of a number of
       factors including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience,
       skills, knowledge and length of services, and the selection of director candidates will be based on a range of
       diversity aspects and the final decision will be based on merits of and contribution that candidate may bring
       to the Board. The board diversity policy of the Company has been well implemented as the Board currently
       comprises one female Director, namely Ms. Gao Yu Ling, who was appointed as the executive Director on 19
       January 2022.


       The Nomination Committee will review the composition of the Board under diversified perspectives and will
       monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy to ensure its continual effectiveness.


       Members of the Board have different backgrounds with extensive experience in various fields such as science
       and technology, corporate management and finance and accounting. The biographies and roles of the Directors
       are set out on pages 57 to 58 of this annual report.


       Responsibilities of the Board


       The primary duties of the Board include: convening shareholders’ general meetings and reporting its work
       at the shareholders’ general meetings, and exercising its decision-making powers as delegated by the
       shareholders at the general meetings with respect to matters such as the strategic development plans of the
       Company, investment and financial controls, disposal of material assets and material transactions. The Board
       is responsible for formulating the Company’s overall strategy and annual business plans, and ensuring that its
       production and operation is properly planned, approved, conducted and monitored. In addition, the Board is
       also responsible for the appointment of the members of the operational management and the supervision of the
       Company (the "Operational Management") and evaluation of their performance.


       The Board is also responsible for overseeing the preparation of the accounts for each fiscal period to
       ensure that such accounts truly and fairly reflect the Company’s business operation, results and cash flow
       performance during that period. The Operational Management of the Company provides proper explanation
       and sufficient information to the Board so as to enable it to make an informed assessment on the financial
       information and other information submitted to it for approval. In preparing the accounts for the year ended
       31 December 2022, the Directors:


       –        selected appropriate accounting policies;


       –        approved the adoption of all applicable standards as set out in the China Accounting Standards for
                Business Enterprises; and


       –        made prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates, and prepared the accounts on a going concern
                basis.




42   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   The Operational Management of the Company is responsible for implementing the decisions made by the
   Board and making its own decisions on matters relating to the Company’s business operation within the
   scope of authority delegated by the Board, which include: overseeing the management of the Company’s
   production and operation, organising and implementing the Company’s annual operation and investment plans
   and preparing the proposal for the establishment of the Company’s internal control structure. Meanwhile, as
   requested by the Board, the Operational Management reports to the Board the conclusion and performance of
   the Company’s major contracts, the use of capital and the Company’s profit and loss conditions and ensures
   that such information is true and complete.


   The Company has formulated the relevant systems in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the
   relevant laws and regulations to remind the Directors of their obligations, including making disclosures to the
   regulatory authorities in a timely manner of their interests, potential conflicts of interests and changes in their
   personal information. Each Director also undertakes that he or she is able to devote sufficient efforts and time
   to the Company’s affairs. The Board assesses and evaluates the performance of the Directors in carrying out
   their duties according to their attendance rate in the Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings as
   well as the opinions and suggestions put forward by them in the day-to-day work.


   Board Meetings


   In 2022, the Board of the Company held 14 meetings to discuss the Company’s important operating matters.
   The Directors attended the meetings in person, and their attendance records are set out in the following table:


                                             Attendance of the meetings of the Board in 2022 by the Directors

                                               Number of
                                          meetings which
                                                should be            Number of            Number of               Attendance
                                             attended for           attendance            attendance                   rate for
   Name                                           the year            in person             by proxy                  the year


   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao     (Note 1)
                                                          0                     0                    0                        0%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong (Note 2)                              0                     0                    0                        0%
   Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                    14                   14                     0                    100%
   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                       14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                   14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                    14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang     (Note 3)
                                                          0                     0                    0                        0%
   Mr. Lin Lan (Note 4)                                  14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Fei Li Cheng (Note 5)                             14                   14                     0                    100%
   Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 6)                              14                   14                     0                    100%

   Notes:

   1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


   2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023;


   3.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;


   4.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023;

                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   43
Corporate Governance Report


       5.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and


       6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


       As stipulated in the Articles of Association of the Company, all Directors should be given 14 days’ notice
       prior to the commencement of a regular Board meeting. For an extraordinary Board meeting, 3 days’notice
       sh o u l d b e g iv e n in a d v a n ce. A rra n g e me nts a re a ls o in pla c e to e ns ure tha t a ll D ire c tors a re given an
       opportunity to include matters in the agenda for Board meetings. The secretary to the Board is responsible for
       providing detailed information of a regular Board meeting (including information in relation to the meeting
       of each of the specialised committees of the Board) not later than 3 days prior to the commencement of the
       meeting to ensure all Directors are apprised of the matters to be considered in the meeting in advance. As for
       extraordinary Board meetings which are held by means of telecommunication at the request of the Company’s
       management, information relevant to the meeting would be provided simultaneously to all Directors via email
       or personal service and sufficient time would be given to the Directors to consider the matters. At the same
       time, the secretary to the Board would respond to any questions raised by the Directors and take appropriate
       action in a timely manner to assist the Directors to ensure that the procedures of the meetings of the Board are
       in compliance with the applicable regulations, such as the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China,
       the Articles of Association of the Company, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Rules Governing the Listing
       of Shares on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “Shenzhen Listing Rules”). The Company has made available
       sufficient resources to enable Directors to discharge their duties and responsibilities, including budget for
       consulting fees in seeking independent professional advice. Minutes of each Board meeting and each meeting
       of the committees of the Board will be kept for a term of 10 years for record, during which the minutes are
       available for Directors’ inspection at any time upon their request.


       The Board is responsible for corporate governance, supervision of the management in establishment of a
       compliant organisation structure and system, compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and other laws
       and regulations in the ordinary course of management and other functions set out in code provision A.2.1 in
       the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Board and the specialised committees have
       reviewed the compliance of the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, the training and
       continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and the Company’s internal
       control and risk management systems.


       Independent Non-Executive Directors


       The Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, accounting for not less than one-third of the
       total number of Directors. The independent non-executive Directors appointed by the Company have complied
       with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2), Rule 3.10A and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and all of them are
       independent of and are not connected with the Company and any of the connected persons (as defined in the
       Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
       each of the independent non-executive Directors. The terms of office of Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung
       Sai Kit and Mr Li Zhi Gang will expire on 24 June 2024.


       In compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the requirements of the Working System of Independent
       Non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company attended the meetings
       of the Board and the specialised committees in a meticulous, responsible, enthusiastic and conscientious
       manner and brought their professionalism and expertise to a full play in the independent performance of their
       duties, and continued to contribute professional advice and independent judgment for significant issues under
       discussion for decision making.



44   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   Specialised Committees of the Board


   The Board has established four specialised committees, namely, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee,
   the Nomination Committee, the Strategic Committee and the Audit Committee. Each committee has devised
   its own working rules to define its terms of reference and the procedures of performance, which have been
   approved by the Board.


   Remuneration and Appraisal Committee


   The Board has established the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with specific written terms of
   reference. As at the date of this report, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consisted of one executive
   Director, namely, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng
   Shen, Mr. Cheung Sai Kit and Mr Li Zhi Gang. Mr. Li Zhi Gang acted as the chairman of the committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:


   (A)   to analyse the appraisal standard of the Directors and senior management and to carry out the appraisal
         and make recommendations based on the actual conditions of the Company;


   (B)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
         senior management’s remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for
         developing remuneration policy;


   (C)   to make recommendations in situations where Directors or senior management accept responsibilities
         and resign or are proposed to be dismissed for their defaults and failure to perform their duties;


   (D)   to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any
         loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is
         otherwise fair and not excessive;


   (E)   to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
         misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and
         appropriate;


   (F)   to make recommendations to the Board for the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors;


   (G)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
         corporate goals and objectives;


   (H)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
         and senior management (adopted the approach under code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the Corporate
         Governance Code). This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments,
         including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


   (I)   to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
         employment conditions of other positions in the Group;


   (J)   to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   45
Corporate Governance Report


       (K)      other duties provided under applicable regulatory rules and other matters authorised by the Board.


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee may seek professional advice when necessary. No Director or
       any member of the senior management shall be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration. The main
       purpose of the remuneration policies formulated by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is to attract
       and retain Directors and senior management who faithfully and diligently discharge their duties, and who
       help the Company in its successful operation and the remuneration policies are therefore important to the
       Company. Details of the remuneration policies of the Company are set out on page 65 of this annual report.


       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board held three meetings during the Reporting Period and
       the attendance record of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is set out below:


                                                         Attendance of the meeting of the Remuneration and
                                                   Appraisal Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                   Number of
                                               meeting which
                                                    should be            Number of            Number of            Attendance
                                                 attended for           attendance            attendance               rate for
       Name                                           the year            in person             by proxy               the year


       Mr. Li Zhi Gang (Note 1)                               0                     0                    0                  0%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      3                     3                    0                 100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                    3                     3                    0                 100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                     3                     3                    0                 100%
       Mr. Lin Lan (Note 2)                                   3                     3                    0                 100%
       Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 3)                               3                     3                    0                 100%

      Note:

       1.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023;


       2.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and


       3.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


       In 2022, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee had mainly reviewed the particulars of the remuneration
       of directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company.


       Members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee confirmed that the remuneration of the Directors,
       supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period is in line with the remuneration appraisal
       system set up by the Company and the remuneration policies have been strictly implemented. Details of the
       remuneration of the Directors, the supervisors and the senior management of the Company for the year ended
       31 December 2022 are set out on pages 86 to 87 of this annual report.




46   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   Nomination Committee


   The Board has established the Nomination Committee with specific written terms of reference. As at the date
   of this report, the Nomination Committee comprised two executive Directors, namely, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, and
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung
   Sai Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. Mr. Zhong Geng Shen acted as the chairman of the committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Nomination Committee are:


   (A)       to analyse the standard and process for selection of candidates for the positions of Director and senior
             management and make recommendations to the Board;


   (B)       to select the qualified Director candidates and senior management candidates according to the
             Company’s business model and its specific needs, taking comprehensive consideration of factors such
             as age, gender, educational background, skills, professional knowledge, experience, etc. and to set up
             measurable goals to ensure the diversity of the Board members;


   (C)       to examine the candidates for the positions of Director and senior management and make
             recommendations to the Board;


   (D)       to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and
             diversity) of the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
             Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategies;


   (E)       to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


   (F)       to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
             succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President; and


   (G)       other matters authorised by the Board.


   D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e N o m i n a t i o n C o m m i t t e e c o m p r i s e d f i v e D i r e c t o r s, i n c l u d i n g t h r e e
   independent non-executive Directors, and the members of the Nomination Committee are nominated by the
   Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of
   Directors, and are elected by the Board. The Nomination Committee shall have one chairman (convener) who
   should be an independent non-executive Director responsible for presiding over the work of the committee.
   The convener shall be elected among the committee members, and shall be reported to the Board for approval.
   The term of office of each member of the Nomination Committee is consistent with the term he or she serves
   in the Board. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she
   shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
   elected by the Board in accordance with the requirements. The human resources department of the Company
   will assist the Nomination Committee in carrying out its daily work such as selection and nomination of
   suitable candidates.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022        47
Corporate Governance Report


       The Nomination Committee of the Board held two meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance
       record of the members of the Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                                  Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                 Nomination Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                  Number of
                                              meeting which
                                                    should be           Number of            Number of           Attendance
                                                 attended for           attendance           attendance               rate for
       Name                                          the year            in person             by proxy              the year


       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                   2                     2                    0                 100%
       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     2                     2                    0                 100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     2                     2                    0                 100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                    2                     2                    0                 100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang    (Note 1)
                                                             0                     0                    0                 100%
       Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 2)                              2                     2                    0                 100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023; and


       2.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


       During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee considered and approved:


       (i)      the resolution for the nomination of Ms. Zhang Yu Xin as a candidate for the Board Secretary of the
                Company;


       (ii)     the resolution for the nomination of Mr. Li Zhi Gang as an independent non-executive Director of the
                eleventh session of the Board.


       The Nomination Committee conducts extensive searches for candidates of Directors or senior management
       within the Company and in the open market, etc. after considering the Company’s requirements for new
       Directors or senior management. With the consent to nomination from the candidates, the Nomination
       Committee will convene the Nomination Committee meeting in accordance with relevant laws and regulations,
       the Articles of Association of the Company and the Terms of Reference for Nomination Committee taking
       into account the Company’s actual situation, examine the qualifications of the initial nominees according to
       the requirements for the position of Directors or senior management and form a resolution which would be
       recorded and submitted to the Board for its consideration. In respect of the nomination of senior management,
       the Nomination Committee shall provide the Board with candidates for the position of its recommendation
       together with relevant materials one (1) month before the nomination. During the Reporting Period, the
       Nomination Committee strictly implemented the nomination procedures and recommendation criteria in
       accordance with the nomination policy enacted.




48   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   Strategic Committee

   The Board has established the Strategic Committee with specific written terms of reference. As at the date
   of this report, the Strategic Committee of the tenth session of the Board comprised the executive Directors,
   namely, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, and Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua. Mr. Dai Hui Zhong acted as the
   chairman of the committee.

   The Strategic Committee of the Board is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily
   responsible for studying and making recommendations on the long-term development strategies and the
   decision-making on significant investments of the Company.

   During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee comprised members who are nominated by the
   Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more
   of all the Directors, and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who
   shall be the Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the Strategic Committee shall be
   consistent with his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon
   his or her retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or
   she shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the
   person elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.

   The Strategic Committee of the Board held one meeting during the Reporting Period and the attendance record
   of the members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:

                                                           Attendance of the meeting of the
                                              Strategic Committee of the Board by the committee members
                                             Number of
                                          meeting which
                                              should be            Number of             Number of               Attendance
                                           attended for            attendance            attendance                  rate for
   Name                                         the year             in person             by proxy                 the year

   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                     1                     1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     1                     1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                    1                     1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Lin Lan (Note 1)                                  1                     1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Fei Li Cheng (Note 2)                             1                     1                    0                    100%

   Note:

   1.      Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023; and

   2.      Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023.


   During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee considered and approved:

   (i)     the resolution on the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) of the Company and its
           summary;

   (ii)    the resolution on the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company and its
           summary; and

   (iii)   the resolution relating to the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company through centralized
           bidding trading.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   49
Corporate Governance Report


       Audit Committee


       The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the Company’s internal control and risk management systems.
       To achieve the best corporate governance practices, the Company has set up the Audit Committee to review
       the efficiency of the relevant systems. The Audit Committee is a specialised working organisation under the
       Board with specific written terms of reference, and is responsible for the communication, supervision and
       inspection of the internal and external audit work of the Company. The Audit Committee reports to the Board
       and its proposals shall be submitted to the Board for approval.


       The major duties and authority of the Audit Committee are:


       (1)      to supervise and assess external audits, and to make recommendations on the appointment or change
                of external auditing body; to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board
                o n th e a p p o in tme n t, re a p p o in tme nt a nd re mova l of the e xte rna l a uditing body, a nd to a ppr ove
                the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditing body, and any questions of its
                resignation or dismissal;


       (2)      t o re v iew an d mo n ito r th e in d e pe nde nc e a nd obje c tivity of the e xte rna l a uditing body a nd t he
                effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The Audit Committee
                should discuss with the auditing body the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
                the audit commences;


       (3)      to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditing body to supply non-audit services.
                F o r t h i s p u r p o s e, “e x t e r n a l a u d i t i n g b o d y” i n c l u d e s a n y e n t i t y t h a t i s u n d e r c o m m o n c o n t r o l,
                ownership or management with the auditing body or any entity that a reasonable and informed
                third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part of the audit firm
                nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying and making
                recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed;


       (4)      To review and express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements. To review the Company’s
                financial accounting reports and express an opinion on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness
                o f t h e f i n a n c i a l a c c o u n t i n g r e p o r t s, f o c u s i n g o n s i g n i f i c a n t a c c o u n t i n g a n d a u d i t i n g i s s u e s i n
                the Company’s financial accounting reports, with particular attention to the possibility of fraud,
                fraudulent acts and material misstatements related to the financial accounting reports, and to oversee
                the rectification of problems in the financial accounting reports. In reviewing these reports before
                submission to the Board, the committee should focus particularly on:


                1.         any changes in accounting policies and practices;


                2.         major judgmental areas;


                3.         significant adjustments resulting from the audit;


                4.         the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;


                5.         compliance with accounting standards; and


                6.         compliance with the Listing Rules and legal requirements in relation to financial reporting;




50   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   (5)    Regarding item (4) above:

          1.     members of the committee should liaise with the Board and senior management and the
                 committee must meet, at least twice a year, with the Company’s auditing body; and

          2.     the committee should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                 reflected in the reports and accounts, and it should give due consideration to any matters that
                 have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting
                 function, compliance officer or auditing body.

   (6)    to supervise and assess the Company’s internal control; to review the Company’s financial controls,
          risk management and internal control systems;

   (7)    to discuss the risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure that
          management has performed its duty to establish effective systems. This discussion should include the
          adequacy of resources, staff qualifications, experience and training programmes, and relevant budget
          of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

   (8)    to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
          by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these findings;

   (9)    to supervise and assess internal audits, to be responsible for the co-ordination between internal audits
          and external audits, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
          appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness;

   (10)   to examine and review the Company’s financial, accounting policies and practices;

   (11)   to review the management letter provided to the management by the external auditing body, any
          material queries raised by the auditing body to management about the accounting records, financial
          accounts or systems of control and management’s response;

   (12)   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the management letter
          provided to the management by the external auditing body;

   (13)   to urge the external auditors to be honest, trustworthy and diligent, to strictly comply with the business
          rules and industry self-regulatory norms, to strictly implement the internal control system, to verify
          and validate the financial accounting reports of the Company, to perform special attention obligations
          and to express professional opinions prudently.

   (14)   to report to the Board on the matters in these terms of reference;

   (15)   to examine and review the following arrangements: employees of the Company can, in confidence,
          raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The
          Audit Committee should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for the Company to conduct fair
          and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;

   (16)   to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relationship with the external
          auditing body;

   (17)   to establish anti-corruption and whistle-blowing mechanism to follow, pay attention to and openly
          handle the questions and complaints made by the staff, customers, suppliers and investors of the
          Company and social media on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of financial information;



                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   51
Corporate Governance Report


       (18)     to make recommendations regarding the establishment and modification of corporate governance
                mechanism and to provide effective supervision over the implementation of resolutions of the Board by
                senior management of the Company; and

       (19)     to be responsible for matters pursuant to the laws, regulations, Articles of Association and such other
                matters as the Board may authorize.

       All members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors. As at the date of this report,
       the Audit Committee consisted of Mr. Cheung Sai Kit, Mr. Zhong Geng Shen and Mr. Li Zhi Gang. Mr.
       Cheung Sai Kit acted as the chairman of the committee.

       The Audit Committee held six meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance record of the
       members of the Audit Committee is set out below. All matters considered and approved at such meetings were
       recorded in accordance with the relevant requirements and filed for record after being reviewed and signed by
       all members of the Audit Committee.

                                                               Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                     Audit Committee of the Board by the committee members
                                                 Number of
                                              meeting which
                                                  should be             Number of            Number of           Attendance
                                               attended for             attendance           attendance              rate for
       Name                                         the year              in person            by proxy             the year

       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                    6                     6                    0                 100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                   6                     6                    0                 100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang (Note 1)                              0                     0                    0                   0%
       Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 2)                              6                     6                    0                 100%

      Note:


       1.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023; and


       2.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9
                January 2023.


       In 2022, the Audit Committee accomplished the following major tasks:

       1.       having reviewed the annual, interim and quarterly financial results and reports of the Company;

       2.       having considered and approved the report on internal control for the year of 2021 and the final report
                for the audit work conducted by the auditing body for the year of 2021;

       3.       having considered and approved the resolution on the re-appointment of ShineWing Certified Public
                Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2022;

       4.       having reviewed the connected transactions of the Company to ensure that the connected transactions
                were in compliance with the principles of fairness, impartiality and transparency with sufficient
                protection of the medium and minority shareholders’ interests;

       5.       having reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and

       6.       having made suggestions regarding significant matters of the Company and reminded the management
                of the relevant risks.



52   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


(c)    Supervisory Committee

       The Supervisory Committee was established in accordance with the PRC laws. It independently performs its
       supervisory duties to protect the legal interests of shareholders, the Company and its staff from infringements.
       It also reviews the Company’s financial positions in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
       Articles of Association of the Company, and oversees the discharge of duties of the Directors and the senior
       management of the Company.

       During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Supervisory Committee comprised two
       shareholders representative supervisors, namely Mr. Liu Zhen Shun and Ms. Sun Jia Hui and one employee
       representative supervisor, Ms. Yin Zhi Xin, with Mr. Liu Zhen Shun acting as the chairman of the Supervisory
       Committee.

       Please also refer to the profiles of the Supervisory Committee set out on page 58 of this annual report.

(II)   COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE

       To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has
       complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong
       Kong Listing Rules.

       Training of the Directors

       In order to enhance the level of corporate governance of the Directors, the secretary to the Board continuously
       follows the latest regulatory requirements set out by the securities regulatory institutions, and delivers
       such requirements and information to the Directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company
       in a timely manner. At the same time, the Company has also arranged training programs for the relevant
       Directors, supervisors and senior management, which includes specific training sessions held by the Shenzhen
       Stock Exchange and China Securities Regulatory Commission Guangdong Bureau, to assist the Directors in
       participating in continuous professional development.

       The Board secretary maintains records of training attended by the Directors. The training attended by each
       current Director during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report is tabulated as follows:

       Name                                                                                                      Type of training
                                                                                                                           (Note)

       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                                                                                             b
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                                                                                             b
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao*                                                                                                               b
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong*                                                                                                             b
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua                                                                                                            b
       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                                                                                             a/b
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen                                                                                                         a/b
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit                                                                                                          a/b
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                                                                                             a/b

       Notes:

       a.       attending seminar(s) or training session(s)

       b.       reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the Company’s business or directors’ duties and responsibilities
                etc.

       *        appointed with effect 19 April 2023

                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   53
Corporate Governance Report


       Chairman and President


       The Chairman of the Board and the President of the Company are appointed by the Board. The persons who
       were appointed as the Chairman and the President of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the
       date of this report are as follows:

       Position                   Chairman                     Former President            President

       Name                       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong            Mr. Dai Hui Zhong           Mr. Hu Jian Yong


       Term of office             28 October 2021 to present   28 October 2021 to          28 February 2023 to present
                                                                 28 February 2023

       The Chairman shall be responsible for presiding over the general meetings, convening and presiding over
       the Board meetings, ensuring that the Board is in effective proper operation to review and discuss all the
       significant issues in a timely and effective manner, reviewing the implementation of the Board’s resolutions
       as well as discharging his duties as the legal representative of the Company. The President shall be in charge
       of the management of the production and operation of the Company, and is responsible for organising the
       implementation of the Board’s resolutions and the Company’s annual operational and investment plans and
       making decisions on other issues within the scope of the delegation by the Board. During the Reporting
       Period, the Chairman held at least one meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the
       presence of the executive Directors.


       Since 28 February 2023, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong has ceased to serve as the President of the Company and the
       position of the President has been held by Mr. Hu Jian Yong.


       Internal Control and Risk Management


       During the Reporting Period, pursuant to the provisions and requirements of the “Basic Norms for Enterprise
       Internal Control” and its ancillary guidelines, with the objectives of enhancing the level of corporate
       operation and management and risk prevention ability, as well as reasonably ensuring the compliance of the
       Company’s operation with laws and regulations, the safety of assets, the truthfulness and completeness of the
       financial reports and relevant information, optimising the efficiency and efficacy of operation and promoting
       the implementation of strategies for sustainable development by the Company, and taking into account the
       Company’s internal control and risk management systems and assessment method and on the basis of daily
       supervision and specific supervision of internal control and risk management, the Company has determined the
       scope of assessment in internal control and risk management that puts emphasis on the areas of organisational
       structure, development strategies, human resources, social responsibility, corporate culture, funding activities,
       procurement business, asset management, sales business, research and development, engineering project,
       outsourcing of business, financial reporting, comprehensive budgeting, contract management, internal
       information transmission and information system, and other compliance and risk management matters and has
       carried out assessment on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk management systems
       in 2020. Conclusions were drawn in respect of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
       systems: during the Reporting Period, the Company has established internal control and risk management
       mechanisms for all businesses and matters included in the scope of assessment, and the internal control and
       risk management systems have been effectively executed to achieve the objectives of the Company’s internal
       control and risk management systems without significant defect.




54   Annual Report 2022
Corporate Governance Report


   During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department of the Group has conducted an assessment on the
   effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and the assessment result was
   positive.


   The Board has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
   systems of the Company during the Reporting Period. During the course of the review, the Board considered
   that the Company had established an appropriate internal control and risk management systems for the
   Company based on the actual situation and was not aware of any significant defect in the internal control and
   risk management systems of the Company. In addition, the Company has engaged ShineWing Certified Public
   Accountants LLP to perform independent audit on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk
   management systems and an audit report has been issued. The auditor is of the view that as at 31 December
   2022, the Company has maintained effective internal control and risk management systems related to financial
   reporting in accordance with the “Basic Norms for Enterprise Internal Control” and the relevant requirements
   in all material respects.


   As at the date of this report, members of the eleventh session of the Board considered that there is no major
   uncertain event or circumstance which may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a going
   concern.


   The Board is responsible for the internal control and risk management systems of the Group, including
   reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
   to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
   misstatement or loss.


   The Group’s internal control and risk management systems have been developed by the Board with the
   following features and processes:


   1.     the management, with the assistance of the Group’s front-line personnel, identifies risks that may
          affect the Group’s business and operations;


   2.     the management assesses the risks identified by considering their impacts on the business and the
          likelihood of occurrence of the adverse events associated with the risks;


   3.     the management prioritises the risks based on their probability and the severity of impact on the
          business;


   4.     the management reports regularly to the Board for the Board’s formulation of the risk management
          strategies and internal control processes to prevent, avoid and mitigate the risks;


   5.     the management performs ongoing and periodic monitoring of the risks to ensure that appropriate
          internal control processes are in place and material internal control defects can be resolved and reports
          its findings and results to the Board regularly; and


   6.     t h e B o a r d, w i t h t h e a s s i s t a n c e o f t h e A u d i t C o m m i t t e e a n d t h e m a n a g e m e n t, r e v i e w s t h e r i s k
          management strategies and internal control processes on a regularly basis.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022       55
Corporate Governance Report


        Inside Information


        The Company has formulated a policy on disclosure of inside information to ensure that inside information is
        handled and disseminated properly and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. The business
        departments and the department heads within the Group are responsible for monitoring any changes and
        developments and reporting any potential or suspected inside information events to the Board. Based on
        the information reported and obtained, the Board assesses whether any of the information constitutes inside
        information which needs to be released to the public with the advice of the internal legal team of the Group.
        Should public disclosure be required, the Board will determine the scope of information to be disclosed and
        the timing of disclosure. If and when appropriate, the Board may seek independent professional advice to
        ensure that the Company complies with the disclosure requirements. The Company discloses information to
        the public through channels including websites of its own and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with an aim to
        achieve fair and timely disclosure of information.


(III) SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

        The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
        (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities
        transactions by the Directors and the Supervisors. After making specific enquiries to the Directors and the
        Supervisors, they all confirmed that they had complied with the Model Code during their term of office.


(IV) AUDITOR

        On 24 June 2022, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company re-appointed
        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2022, and the
        Board was authorised to fix their remuneration.


        The Company has agreed to pay a remuneration of approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the
        auditors for the provision of audit services for financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year
        ended 31 December 2022 and bear the corresponding travel expenses. During the Reporting Period, no non
        audit service was provided by the auditors to the Group.


        The Directors acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the accounts that give a true and fair view on
        the Group’s financial position on a going-concern basis and other financial disclosures. A statement by the
        auditors of the Company in respect of their reporting responsibilities is set out in the Auditor’s Report section
        contained in this annual report.


(V)     COMPANY SECRETARY

        Ms. Wong Tak Fong has been the company secretary of the Company to assist the Company in dealing with
        the Hong Kong Listing Rules compliance matters. Ms. Wong Tak Fong is the Company’s external personnel.
        She can contact and communicate with the Board secretary of the Company, Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, in her day-
        to-day work. According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Ms. Wong Tak Fong has taken no less
        than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period.




56    Annual Report 2022
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Incumbent Directors


Executive Directors


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, aged 57, Bachelor degree, served successively as the vice-general manager of Qingdao Hisense
Mould Co., Ltd., a director and the general manager of Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Hisense Visual),
the chairman and president of Hisense Broadband Multimedia Technology (BVI) Inc., and vice president and senior
vice president of Hisense Company Limited. Mr. Dai has been the director of Hisense Visual, the Chairman of the
Company.


Mr. Jia Shao Qian, aged 50, Master of Management, served successively as the vice president and the president
of the Company. Mr. Jia serves as the chairman and the president of Hisense Group, the director of Hisense Air-
Conditioning and the Company’s director.


Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, aged 46, holds a Bachelor’s degree in optoelectronics from Zhejiang University and served
successively as an engineer in the research centre of Qingdao Hisense Communication Company Ltd., the deputy
general manager of the GSM Institute of Qingdao Hisense Mobile Technology Company Ltd., the assistant general
manager and deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Media Network Technology Company Ltd., the general
manager of Juhaokan Technology Company Ltd., the general manager and the president of Hisense Visual. Mr. Yu
has been the executive vice-president of Hisense Group, the Chairman of Hisense Visual and the director of the
Company.


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 48, holds a Bachelor’s degree in electromagnetic measurement and instrumentation from
Xi’an Jiaotong University and served successively as the general manager of Tianjin branch, Shanghai branch of
Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Hisense Visual), the deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Electric
Marketing Co., the assistant general manager, the deputy general manager and general manager of Hisense Visual,
and the deputy general manager of China marketing headquarters. Mr. Hu has been the director and the President of
the Company.



Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua, aged 44, holds a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, served successively a senior engineer of
Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.*（華為技術有限公司）, the director, assistant general manager and deputy general
manager of the research and development centre of Qingdao Hisense Media Network Technology Co., Ltd.*（青島
海信傳媒網絡技術有限公司）and the deputy general manager of VIDAA Technology Co., Ltd.*（聚好看科技股份有
限公司）. Mr. Xia serves as the director of the Company and the general manager of Home Appliance research and
development Center.


Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 41, holds a master of management degree, served successively as the deputy director of the
finance center of Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Hisense Visual), the chief financial officer and chief
accountant of the Company, the general manager and deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management
department of Hisense Company Limited, the general manager and deputy chief accountant of financial and operation
management department of Hisense Group. Ms. Gao has been the supervisor of Hisense Air-Conditioning, the
director and the chief financial officer and chief accountant of the Company.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   57
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, aged 62, Doctor of Management of Nankai University, served as a professor at the School
of Economics and the School of Management of Shandong University. He currently serves as an executive director
of Chinese Enterprise Management Research Association, an independent director of Shandong Publishing & Media
Co., Ltd, and an independent director of Luyin Investment Group Co.*(魯銀投資集團股份有限公司). Mr. Zhong
serves as the independent non-executive director of the Company.


Mr. Cheung Sai Kit, aged 51, Certified Public Accountant in Hong Kong and a member of CPA Australia, He had
served as the senior audit manager at BDO Limited and KPMG successively. He served as the executive director
of BDO Limited and a counsellor of Moore Stephens CPA Limited. He has been an executive director of Moore
Stephens CPA Limited. Mr. Cheung serves as the independent non-executive director of the Company.


Mr. Li Zhi Gang, aged 47, Doctor of Management of Nankai University*(南開大學), He served as an associate
professor of the Management College of Ocean University of China. He has been a professor of the Management
College of Ocean University of China, an independent director of Qingdao Thunderobot Technology Co., Ltd.*(青島
雷神科技股份有限公司). Mr. Li serves as the independent non-executive director of the Company.


Incumbent Supervisors


Mr. Liu Zhen Shun, aged 53, Bachelor degree, served successively as the head of the legal affairs department,
the general manager of legal and intellectual properties department and the deputy secretary of Hisense Company
Limited. He serves as the general manager of legal and intellectual properties department and the Secretary of
Committee for Discipline Inspection of Hisense Group. He serves as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of
the Company.


Ms. Sun Jia Hui, aged 34, Master of Management of Shandong University, served successively as the audit
supervisor and the head of business analysis of Hisense Company Limited, the vice-general manager of finance and
operation management department of Hisense Visual, and served as the head of operation management department
under the finance and operation management department of Hisense Company Limited. She has been the vice-general
manager of finance and operation management department of Hisense Group, and the Company’s supervisor.


Mr. Yin Zhi Xin, aged 34, Bachelor degree, served as the head of marketing management department of Hisense
Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd, the director of brand department of Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
Marketing Co., Ltd, and the vice-general manager of the Company’s customer and brand operations department. He
has been the supervisor of the Company, vice president, brand director and general manager of washing machine
division of Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator Marketing Co., Ltd.




58   Annual Report 2022
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Incumbent Senior Management Members


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 48, holds a Bachelor’s degree in electromagnetic measurement and instrumentation from
Xi’an Jiaotong University and served successively as the general manager of Tianjin branch, Shanghai branch of
Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Hisense Visual), the deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Electric
Marketing Co., the assistant general manager, the deputy general manager and general manager of Hisense Visual,
and the deputy general manager of China marketing headquarters. Mr. Hu has been the director and the President of
the Company.


Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 41, holds a master of management degree, served successively as the deputy director of the
finance center of Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. (now renamed as Hisense Visual), the chief financial officer and chief
accountant of the Company, the general manager and deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management
department of Hisense Company Limited, the general manager and deputy chief accountant of financial and operation
management department of Hisense Group. Ms. Gao has been the supervisor of Hisense Air-Conditioning, the
director and the chief financial officer and chief accountant of the Company.


Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, aged 36, holds a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in law from Tsinghua University
and a master's degree in Public Administration from Cornell University. She worked for Roland Berger Strategy
Consultants Ltd, Swiss Bank and Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. She has been the Secretary of the Board of the
Company.


Ms. Wong Tak Fong, aged 56, Master of Business Administration from the University of Bradford in the United
Kingdom, is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom and
the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and a fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. She
acted as the managing director of General Bright Consultants Ltd., had been the chief financial officer of Diamond
Dragon Fashion Ltd (鑽龍時裝有限公司) and acted as a joint company secretary of the Company. She serves as the
company secretary of the Company.

Note:   Hisense Group and Hisense Air-Conditioning mentioned in the above profiles are substantial shareholders of the Company
        within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.


        Mr. Jia Shao Qian is director and senior management of Hisense Group as at the date of this report. Mr. Jia Shao Qian is
        the director of Hisense Air Conditioning. Hisense Group and Hisense Air Conditioning were was deemed to have an interest
        in the shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
        Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”).


        Ms. Gao Yu Ling is the supervisor of Hisense Air-Conditioning. Hisense Air-Conditioning is a company which was
        interested in the shares of the Company as at the date of this report, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of
        Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


The Directors and the Supervisors do not have any relationship in financial, business, family or other significant
aspects among themselves.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   59
Report of the Directors


BOARD COMPOSITION

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised six executive Directors, being Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr. Jia
Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua and Ms. Gao Yu Ling, and three independent
non-executive Directors, being Mr. Zhong Geng Shen, Mr. Cheung Sai Kit and Mr. Li Zhi Gang.


The Directors of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are set out below.


Executive Directors


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
Mr. Jia Shao Qian
Mr. Yu Zhi Tao (Note 1)
Mr. Hu Jian Yong (Note 2)
Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua
Ms. Gao Yu Ling
Mr. Lin Lan (Note3)
Mr. Fei Li Cheng (Note 4)


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. Zhong Geng Shen
Mr. Cheung Sai Kit
Mr. Li Zhi Gang (Note 5)
Mr. Ma Jin Quan (Note 6)

Notes:

1.       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


2.       Mr. Hu Jian Yong has been appointed as an executive Director of the Company since 19 April 2023.


3.       Mr. Lin Lan has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023 due to job
         rearrangement.


4.       Mr. Fei Li Cheng has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February 2023 due to job
         arrangement.


5.       Mr. Li Zhi Gang has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 9 January 2023.


6.       Mr. Ma Jin Quan has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 9 January 2023
         due to the expiry of his term of office.




60   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES

The Group is principally engaged in research and development, manufacturing and marketing of electrical products
such as refrigerators, household air-conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen
appliances, etc and automotive air conditioner compressor and integrated thermal management system.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Company and further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as
required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including
a discussion of the risks faced by the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end
of the Reporting Period, and an indication of the likely future developments of the Group’s business, can be found
in the Chairman’s Statement, the Management Discussion and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this
annual report.


In addition, the Group’s environmental, employee, customer and supplier matters and compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company can be found in the Management Discussion and
Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report, respectively.


These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group closely integrated its energy conservation and emissions reduction efforts with its corporate operational
strategy. This was done in full compliance with the laws, regulations and requirements of relevant systems of the
Company for the purposes of further improving the environmental management system, specifying job responsibilities
and detailed appraisal rules, strengthening supervision and management over the operation of environmental
protection facilities and regulated environmental protection work. The Group's environmental protection work is
always unremitting. the Company passed the recertification audit of ISO14001 environmental management system by
the certification authority, and the certification certificate continues to be valid.


The Group maintains a refined system of occupational health and safety management. Its production safety
management systems are developed at headquarters level in accordance with national laws and regulations.
Corresponding rules for safe operation are also in place regarding the equipment and facilities of the Group’s
subordinate factories.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group’s business is mainly carried out by its subsidiaries in mainland China, and the Company is dually listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the operations of the Group should
comply with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland China and Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, to
the best knowledge of the Company, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland
China and Hong Kong which have significant impacts on the business and operations of the Group. There was no
material breach of, or non-compliance with, the applicable laws and regulations which have significant impacts on
the business and operations of the Group.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   61
Report of the Directors


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAFF, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHER PERSONS

The Group continued to improve its occupational training system in order to provide equal opportunities for its staff.
The training system enhances the quality of its staff and their career development. In order to provide comprehensive
support and healthcare services to its staff, the Group also paid attention to their living environment through building
apartments, canteens and clinics for its staff, which were managed by a specialised institution of the Group.


The Group has always prioritized customer needs by creating valuable products and improving services. The
Company has increased customer satisfaction and offered the ideal experience for customers by improving its
customer service system and putting policies in place to protect their rights and interests.


The Group has established close and stable relationships with a number of major suppliers, and past records of the
Group showed that no significant shortages or delays were experienced when the Group received supplies or services
from the suppliers. During the Reporting Period, there was no major or significant dispute between the Group and its
suppliers.


The Group adhered to the principle of “operating with integrity”. The Code of Integrity applies to all staff of the
Group and they should observe the rules of integrity while interacting with various stakeholders including the
shareholders, customers, partners, government and society.


Further discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with laws and regulations,
and relationships with key stakeholders are also contained in the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
of the Company published on 27 April 2023.


PROFIT DISTRIBUTION POLICIES

According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the profit distribution policy of the Company is as follows:


1.     The profit distribution of the Company shall focus on giving reasonable investment return to its investors. The
       profit distribution policies shall maintain continuity and stability, and shall not be adjusted at will to lower the
       level of return to shareholders once such policies have been confirmed.


2.     Form, condition and proportion of profit distribution of the Company:


       (1)      The Company may distribute dividends in cash, in shares or in a combination of both cash and shares.


       (2)      In distributing dividends in cash, the Company shall also meet the following conditions:


       (i)      the distributable profits of the Company for the year (i.e. the profits after tax of the Company after
                making up for losses and making allocations to the statutory common reserve fund) shall be a positive
                figure;


                (ii)      the auditor shall issue a standard unqualified audit report on the financial report of the Company
                          for the year;


                (iii)     the cash flows of the Company shall meet the normal operation and long-term development of
                          the Company.




62   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


       (3)    In principle, the dividends distributed by the Company in cash in the year shall not be less than 10% of
              the distributable profits realised in the year, and the accumulated profits distributed by the Company in
              cash in the last three years shall not be less than thirty (30) percent of the average annual distributable
              profits realised in the last three years. The remaining distributable profits shall be used to support the
              sustainable development of the Company.


       (4)    Conditions for distributing dividends in shares: Under the pre-requisite of ensuring reasonable share
              capital size and shareholding structure, the Company may distribute dividends in shares when the
              valuation of its shares is within a reasonable range, in order to provide return to its shareholders and
              share its corporate value.


       (5)    The profits distributed by the Company shall not exceed the accumulated distributable profits.


3.     In the event that the Company realises distributable profits, the Company may distribute interim cash
       dividends or distribute dividends in shares based on its profitability and capital requirements.


4.     Adjustment process of profit distribution policies:


       (1)    If the Company needs to adjust its profit distribution policies due to significant changes in external
              operating environment or its own operation, it shall consider from the perspective of the protection of
              shareholders’ interests, discuss in details and explain the reasons therefor. The Board shall put forward
              a proposal for adjusting the profit distribution policies based on actual situation, and the independent
              non-executive Directors and the Supervisory Committee shall issue examination opinions in this
              regard. The proposal shall be submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for the passing by the
              shareholders (including proxies) with voting rights representing two-thirds or more of the voting rights
              present at the meeting.


       (2)    The opinions of the independent non-executive Directors and the shareholders shall be given due
              consideration in the course of discussion, formulation and amendment to the profit distribution policies
              of the Company. The Company shall hear the opinions of the shareholders on its profit distribution
              policies through investor telephone consultation, on-site survey and investor interactive platform, etc.


The Company strictly executes the profit distribution policies and establishes the profit distribution proposal in
accordance with its Articles of Association. The cash dividend policy of the Company is established and executed in
accordance with relevant requirements under the Articles of Association of the Company and the requirements at the
shareholder’s general meeting. The distribution standards and proportions are clearly stated and the relevant decision
making procedures systems of the profit distribution policies are complete, and the independent non-executive
Directors have issued independent opinion in respect of the proposed profit distribution policy of the Company for
the year, and diligently served their obligations and properly exercised their role.


Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 May 2022 for further details on the Shareholders’ Return Plan
for the Next Three Years (2022-2024) of the Company, which has been approved by the shareholders of the Company
at the 2021 annual general meeting held by the Company on 24 June 2022.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   63
Report of the Directors


FINAL DIVIDEND

As audited by ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP, the net profit attributable to the shareholders of the
Company (recognised in parent company) for the year ended 31 December 2022 is RMB2,036,319,786.81. The legal
surplus has reached 50% of the Company's registered capital and no further withdrawals were made during the year,
undistributed profits at the beginning of the year 2022 of RMB3,241,538,883.32 is added; and the distributed profits
of RMB291,623,229.18 is deducted. The actual distributable profits is RMB4,986,235,440.95.


The Board proposed to distribute a cash dividend of RMB5.31 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares to all shareholders
(the “Proposed Dividend”) on the basis of the total share capital of the Company of 1,351,025,381 shares which
represents the total share capital of 1,362,725,370 shares deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchase
account as at 30 March 2023 (as at 30 March 2023, the Company has repurchased 11,699,989 shares in total), without
bonus issue and issue of shares by way of conversion of capital reserve. (For the year ended 31 December 2021, the
Company paid to all shareholders a cash dividend of RMB2.14 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares held by the shareholders
on the basis of the total number of 1,362,725,370 shares of the Company as at 31 December 2021).


The Proposed Dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the 2022 annual general meeting (the “Annual
General Meeting”). Subject to the approval of the Proposed Dividend by the shareholders, the Proposed Dividend
is expected to be paid on or about 15 August 2023. The total amount of profits to be so distributed is expected to be
RMB717,394,477.31. Details of the payment of the Proposed Dividend will be announced after the conclusion of the
Annual General Meeting.


RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 6 (40-44) to the financial
statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2022 are set out in note 6 (44) and note 14 to the financial
statements.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

For the year ended 31 December 2022, net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB4,032 million (2021: net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately
RMB4,314 million).


As at 31 December 2022, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee
balance) amounting to approximately RMB6,001 million (2021: RMB7,023 million), of which more than RMB5,315
million are denominated in Renminbi (2021: RMB5,436 million), and loans amounting to RMB3,464 million (2021:
RMB3,948 million).


Total capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to approximately RMB883
million (2021: RMB1,107 million).




64   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s current liabilities amounted to RMB36,365 million, non-current liabilities
amounted to RMB2,732 million, and shareholders’ equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB16,279 million.


Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note 9(2) to the financial statements.


HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 48,997 employees, mainly comprising 8,532 technical staff,
12,434 sales representatives, 432 financial staff, 1,100 administrative staff and 26,869 production staff. The Group
had 65 employees with a doctorate degree, 2,105 with a master’s degree and 47,197 with a bachelor’s degree or
below. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB7,364 million (2021:
RMB5,340 million).


EMPLOYEES’ TRAINING AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company attaches importance to the development of employees. Under the employee management principle of
“selection-recruitment-cultivation-promotion-retention” and the two main tasks of “competency enhancement” and
“talent echelon construction”, the Company systematically carries out employee training and development programs,
so as to help employees make great progress and achieve self-development. In this way, both the overall employee
quality and team capability are improved.


The Company has built a dual career advancement channel consisting of the professional channel and the
management channel. In terms of the professional channel, the Company has established a job title and qualification
evaluation system, along with competency requirements and learning maps for each profession and stage. Moreover,
the Company conducts annual employee capability certification programs, and those who pass are considered
for promotion, thus driving long-term capability growth. In terms of the management channel, the Company has
established a leadership competition system and mechanism for selecting candidates, aiming to promote exceptional
young employees to higher positions with more responsibilities and challenges.


The Company adopts a position-based remuneration policy for its staff. Staff remuneration is determined with
reference to the relative importance of and responsibility assumed by the position of the staff and other performance
indicators.


The Company takes training as the driving force to improve the quality and career development of employees and has
built a three-level training system of “company-factory-workshop” to implement staff training responsibilities at each
level. During the Reporting Period, the Company has provided over 1,170,000 hours of training for over 600,000
employees. Further discussions on the Group’s employees’ training and remuneration policies are also contained in
the 2022 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company published on 27 April 2023.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   65
Report of the Directors


CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land held
for own use), investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2021: nil) which were pledged as security
for the Group’s borrowings.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
note 6 (15-16) to the financial statements.


PENSION SCHEMES

Details of the Group’s pension schemes for the Reporting Period are set out in note 15 to the financial statements.


EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

Since part of the purchase and the majority of the overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were
denominated in foreign currency, the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has
used financial instruments such as import/export documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging
purpose.


PUBLIC FLOAT

The Directors confirm that as at 30 March 2023, based on publicly available information and to the best of their
knowledge, 25% or above of the total issued share capital of the Company were held by the public. Therefore, the
public float of the Company satisfies the requirement stipulated under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The eleventh session of the audit committee of the Company has reviewed the final results of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2022.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The capital expenditure of the group for 2022 was RMB883.48million. The Group has sufficient funds to meet the
funding requirement for purposes such as capital expenditure plans and daily operations.


TRUST DEPOSITS

As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of
the Group’s deposits have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong
Kong.


GEARING RATIO

As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: total liabilities/total assets)
was 70.60% (2021: 72.13%).




66   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The eleventh session of the Board has received a written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
Directors in respect of their independence in accordance with the requirements provided under Rule 3.13 of the Hong
Kong Listing Rules. The Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors of the tenth session of
the Board meet the relevant requirements under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and considers them to be
independent.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

None of the Directors and the supervisors of the Company has a service contract with any member of the Group
which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Hong Kong
Listing Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or might compete with the businesses of the Company and
its subsidiaries.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors of the eleventh session of the Board and the supervisors of the Company do not and did not directly or
indirectly hold any material interests in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance of the Company or
its subsidiaries subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period.


THE COMPANY AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the transactions contemplated under the agreements mentioned in the sections headed “Particulars of
Material Connected Transactions of the Company During the Reporting Period” and “Other Connected Transactions”
below, no contract of significance or contract of significance for the provision of services (as defined under note 15.2
of Appendix 16 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules) to which the Company and the controlling shareholders nor any of
their subsidiaries was a party and in which a controlling shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period.


R E V I E W O F C O N T I N U I N G C O N N E C T E D T R A N S A C T I O N S B Y I N D E P E N D E N T N O N-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors of the eleventh session of the Board have reviewed the continuing
connected transactions of the Group for the Reporting Period, and confirmed that these transactions were conducted
in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
them and on normal commercial terms or better which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
shareholders of the Company as a whole.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   67
Report of the Directors


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY THE AUDITOR

After auditing the continuing connected transactions of the Group, the auditor of the Company confirmed that
nothing has come to its attention that causes it to believe that (i) the relevant continuing connected transactions of
the Group have not been approved by the Board; (ii) the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by
the Group were not, in all material respects, carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (iii)
the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
such transactions; and (iv) the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions has
exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps disclosed in the previous announcements made by the Company in
respect of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code for securities transaction by Directors and Supervisors. After
having made specific enquiries to the Directors and the Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that
they had acted in full compliance with the Model Code during their term of office.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2022, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                         Percentage
                                                                                                         to the total
Class of shares                                                          Number of shares       issued share capital


A shares                                                                        903,135,562                   66.27%
H shares                                                                        459,589,808                   33.73%
Total                                                                         1,362,725,370                 100.00%




68      Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

As at 31 December 2022, there were 25,678 (A shares: 25,632) shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) in
total, of which the top ten Shareholders were as follows:


                                                                         Percentage to         Percentage to            Number of
                                                                        the total issued    the relevant class         shares held
                                       Nature of          Number of       shares of the    of issued shares of   subject to trading
Name of Shareholder                    Shareholder        shares held        Company            the Company            moratorium


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning       Domestic           516,758,670           37.92%                57.22%                      0
  Company Limited                        general legal
                                         person


HKSCC Nominees Limited Note1           Foreign legal      457,763,567           33.59%                99.60%                      0
                                         person


The Hong Kong Securities Clearing      Foreign legal       56,988,304            4.18%                 6.31%                      0
  Company (HKSCC)     Note2
                                         person


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. – Fullgoal   Other               13,873,029            1.02%                 1.54%                      0
  Xing Yuan Preferred 12-Month
  Holding Period Hybrid Securities
  Investment Fund* (興業銀行股份有
  限公司－富國興遠優選12個月持有
  期混合型證券投資基金)


Norges Bank – own funds                Other               10,711,507            0.79%                 1.19%


Ping An Asset Management –             Other                7,757,500            0.57%                 0.86%                      0
  Industrial and Commercial Bank
  of China – Xinfu No. 34 Asset
  Management Product* (平安資管－
  工商銀行－鑫福34號資產管理產
  品)


Industrial and Commercial Bank of      Other                7,564,111            0.56%                 0.84%
  China- Xingquan Green Investment
  Hybrid Securities Investment Fund
  (LOF)*(中國工商銀行股份有限公
  司－興全綠色投資混合型證券投資
  基金 (LOF))


Zhang Shao Wu                          Domestic natural     7,200,000            0.53%                 0.80%                      0
                                         person




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   69
Report of the Directors


                                                                          Percentage to        Percentage to            Number of
                                                                        the total issued    the relevant class         shares held
                                        Nature of         Number of        shares of the   of issued shares of   subject to trading
Name of Shareholder                     Shareholder      shares held          Company           the Company           moratorium


Industrial and Commercial Bank          Other              5,374,300             0.39%                 0.60%
  of China Limited – HFT Reform
  Driven Flexible Allocation Hybrid
  Securities Investment Fund*(中國
  工商銀行股份有限公司－海富通改
  革驅動靈活配置混合型證券投資基
  金)


China Life Pension Strategy No. 4       Other              5,273,420             0.39%                 0.58%                     0
  Equity Pension Product – Industrial
  and Commercial Bank of China
  Limited*(國壽養老策略4號股票型
  養老金產品－中國工商銀行股份有
  限公司)



Note 1: HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in H shares. The
        shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, among which, Hisense
        (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a party acting in concert with the controlling shareholder of the Company. By the end of
        this reporting period, Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited held a total of 124,452,000 H shares of the Company as at
        representing 9.13% of the total number of shares of the Company.


Note 2: HKSCC is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in A shares through Shenzhen Connect.
        The shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participant.


Among the above shareholders, Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Company Limited and Hisense (Hong Kong)
Company Limited are related and have no relationship with other shareholders, nor are they parties acting in concert as
stipulated in the Administrative Measures for the Takeover of Listed Companies (《上市公司收購管理辦法》). Save as
disclosed above, the Company is not aware of whether any shareholders is connected with each other or any of them
is a party acting in concert with any of the other within the meaning of Administrative Measures for the Takeover of
Listed Companies.




70     Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                                             Number of
Name of Shareholders                                                tradable shares held   Class of shares


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning Company Limited                            516,758,670    RMB ordinary
                                                                                             shares


HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                      457,763,567    Overseas listed
                                                                                             foreign shares


HKSCC                                                                        56,988,304    RMB ordinary
                                                                                             shares


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. – Fullgoal Xing Yuan Preferred 12-Month            13,873,029    RMB ordinary
    Holding Period Hybrid Securities Investment Fund* (興業銀行                                  shares
    股份有限公司－富國興遠優選12個月持有期混合型證券投資基
    金)


Norges Bank – own funds                                                      10,711,507    RMB ordinary
                                                                                             shares


Ping An Asset Management – Industrial and Commercial Bank of                  7,757,500    RMB ordinary
    China – Xinfu No. 34 Asset Management Product* (平安資管－                                    shares
    工商銀行－鑫福34號資產管理產品)


Industrial and Commercial Bank of China- Xingquan Green                       7,564,111    RMB ordinary
    Investment Hybrid Securities Investment Fund (LOF)*                                      shares
    (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－興全綠色投資混合型證券投資
    基金 (LOF))


Zhang Shao Wu                                                                 7,200,000    RMB ordinary
                                                                                             shares


Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited – HFT Reform                  5,374,300    RMB ordinary
    Driven Flexible Allocation Hybrid Securities Investment Fund*                            shares
    (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－海富通改革驅動靈活配置混合型
    證券投資基金)


China Life Pension Strategy No. 4 Equity Pension Product –                    5,273,420    RMB ordinary
    Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited* (國壽養老策                                  shares
    略4號股票型養老金產品－中國工商銀行股份有限公司)



*   For identification purposes only




                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   71
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

So far as is known to the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 31 December 2022,
the following persons (other than the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:


Interests or short position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                              of the total      Percentage of
                                                    Type of        Number of                   number of        the respective
Name of Shareholder            Capacity             shares         shares held            shares in issue      types of shares


Hisense Air-                   Beneficial owner     A shares       516,758,670(L)                 37.92%                57.22%
     Conditioning Note


Hisense Group Note             Interest of          A shares       516,758,670(L)                 37.92%                57.22%
                               controlled
                               corporation


Hisense Hong Kong Note         Beneficial owner     H shares       124,452,000(L)                   9.13%               27.08%


Hisense Group Note             Interest of          H shares       124,452,000(L)                   9.13%               27.08%
                               controlled
                               corporation



The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position and the letter “P” denotes a lending
pool.

Note:     Hisense Air-conditioning Limited is a company 93.33% directly owned by Hisense Group, whereas Hisense Hong Kong is
          a company directly wholly-owned by Hisense Group. By virtue of the SFO, Hisense Group was deemed to be interested in
          the same parcel of A shares of which Hisense Air-conditioning was interested and in the same parcel of H shares of which
          Hisense Hong Kong was interested.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, in so far as the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives
of the Company are aware, there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant
to section 336 of the SFO.




72      Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

1.      Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company, was
        incorporated on 17 November 1995. Its registered address is at Changsha Road, Hi-tech Industrial Zone,
        Qingdao, the PRC, its legal representative is Mr. Duan Yue Bin and its registered capital is RMB674.79
        million. Its business scope includes the development and manufacture of air-conditioning products and
        injection moulds and the provision of after-sale repairing services for its products (Permit/licence shall be
        obtained for the operation of the businesses above if they fall into the requirements of licensure).


2.      The Company has no actual controller.


3.      Diagram of property rights and control relationships of the Company;

                            Qingdao
                                             SITC             Qingdao Yuanli         Qingdao Hengxin
             Hisense        Xinfeng                                                                           Position
                                           Steamship      Information Consultant    Chuangshi Electronic
            Company       Information                                                                        Incentive
                                           (Shanghai)      Company Limited and          Technology
             Limited      Technology                                                                        Shareholders
                                            Co., Ltd.     Partnership Enterprises    Company Limited
                            Co., Ltd.
                 26.79%         24.36%          2.64%                6.89%                      3.06%           36.25%



                                                 Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.


                              93.33%                                                    100%
                          Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning                    Hisense (Hong Kong
                                 Company Limited                               Company Limited)
                              37.92%                                                    9.13%

                                                    Hisense Home Appliances
                                                         Group Co., Ltd.


4       During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the controlling shareholders of the Company.

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2022, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board, supervisors and the chief
executives of the Company held any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of
the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the
register required to be maintained by the Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


Long position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                            Percentage                Percentage
                                                                                          to the issued       to the total issued
                                                                                            A shares of                    shares of
Name of Director          Nature of interest            Number of A shares               the Company               the Company


Mr. Jia Shao Qian         Beneficial owner                        404,360(L)                       0.045%                   0.030%

The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position and the letter “P” denotes a lending
pool.

                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   73
Report of the Directors


SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS

Sales to major customers of the Company

Total sales to top 5 customers (RMB)                                                              20,102,447,622.32
Total sales to top 5 customers as a percentage of the total sales for the year (%)                            27.12
Total sales to top 5 customers which are related parties as a percentage of the total sales for
  the year (%)                                                                                                19.48

Information on top 5 customers of the Company

                                                                                                   As a percentage
                                                                                                         of the total
                                                                                                  sales for the year
No.           Name of customer                                                   Sales (RMB)                      (%)

1             The first                                                     9,719,477,782.06                  13.11
2             The second                                                    4,032,522,450.37                   5.44
3             The third                                                     3,279,396,418.69                   4.42
4             The fourth                                                    1,622,433,741.65                   2.19
5             The fifth                                                     1,448,617,229.55                   1.95
Total                                                                      20,102,447,622.32                  27.12

Explanation on the other situation of major customers

✓ Applicable         □ Not applicable

Among the top 5 customers, the first, third and fifth customers are controlled by Hisense Group and have connected
relationship with the Company. Except for this, other customers have no connected relationship with the Company.

Major suppliers of the Company

Total purchases from top 5 suppliers (RMB)                                                         6,209,323,495.69
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers as a percentage of the total purchases for the year (%)                  10.57
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers which are related parties as a percentage of the total
  purchases for the year (%)                                                                                       0

Information on top 5 suppliers of the Company

                                                                                                               As a
                                                                                                        percentage
                                                                                                        of the total
                                                                                                         purchases
                                                                                   Purchases           for the year
No.           Name of suppliers                                                       (RMB)                      (%)

1             The first                                                     2,125,269,639.59                   3.62
2             The second                                                    1,213,231,829.65                   2.06
3             The third                                                     1,123,187,463.48                   1.91
4             The fourth                                                      885,663,520.55                   1.51
5             The fifth                                                       861,971,042.42                   1.47
Total                                                                       6,209,323,495.69                  10.57

Explanation on the other situation of major suppliers

□Applicable         ✓ Not applicable

74      Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s listed securities.


AUDITOR

On 24 June 2022, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to re-appoint
ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year 2022, and the Board was
authorised to fix their remuneration. There have been no changes of auditors of the Company in the preceding three
years.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company or the relevant PRC
laws.


TAXATION

Pursuant to the relevant tax regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay corporate income tax at the
rate of 10% when distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise shareholders whose names appear on the register
of members of the Company in respect of its H shares.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s securities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material investments
or capital assets.


As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

At 31 December 2022, neither the Group nor the Company had any significant contingent liabilities.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

A Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group against
any potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be held liable.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   75
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2022 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement that would enable the Directors or the Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares
in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouse or
children under the age of 18 had any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other
body corporate or had exercised any such right.

On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 A Share
Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis – Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period” in this report.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

To the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries during the period ended 31 December 2022.

On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 A Share
Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis – Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period” in this report.

PARTICULARS OF MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE COMPANY DURING
THE REPORTING PERIOD

Connected transactions during the Reporting Period

(I)     On 16 November 2021, the Company entered into (i) a business co-operation framework agreement with
        Hisense Group, Hisense International, Hisense Marketing Management, Hisense Hong Kong and Hisense
        Visual, and(ii) a financial services agreement with Hisense Finance respectively. On 27 December 2021, the
        Company entered into a business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi. On 5 September 2022, the
        Company entered into a supplemental agreement of the business co-operation framework agreement with
        Hisense Group, Hisense International and Hisense Visual.

        Hisense Air-conditioning is a connected person of the Company by virtue of it being a substantial shareholder
        of the Company, holding approximately 37.92% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Hong Kong
        holds approximately 9.13% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Visual is 46.52% owned by Hisense
        Group. Hisense Group and its subsidiaries (including but not limited to Hisense Visual, Hisense International,
        Hisense Marketing Management, Hisense Hong Kong and Hisense Finance) are connected persons of the
        Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Johnson
        Hitachi, being the holding company of two substantial shareholders of Hisense Hitachi, a subsidiary of the
        Company, (namely Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning Trading (Hong Kong) Limited (江森自控日
        立空調貿易（香港）有限公司) and Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning Taiwan Co., Ltd (台灣日立江
        森自控股份有限公司)), is a connected person of the Company at subsidiary level.

        Details of the business co-operation framework agreement and the supplemental agreement of the business
        co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group and its subsidiaries, and the financial services
        agreement with Hisense Finance can be found in the Company's announcements dated 16 November 2021
        and 5 September 2022 and the Company's circulars dated 4 January 2022 and 12 October 2022. Details of the
        business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi can be found in the announcement published on the
        website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 27 December 2021.

        The above transactions constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
        Listing Rules. The Company confirmed that it had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
        with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the relevant connected transactions.


76    Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


    The particulars of the business co-operation framework agreement, the supplemental agreement of the business
    co-operation framework agreement and the financial services agreement are as follows:


    1.    Business co-operation framework agreement and supplemental agreement of the business co-
          operation framework agreement with Hisense Group and its subsidiaries


          On one hand, the supply of home electrical appliances, raw materials and parts and components,
          equipment and moulds by the Group to Hisense Group and its subsidiaries can help lower the
          production costs of the Group as a result of the increase in production level, which, in turn, enhances
          the market competitiveness of the Group’s products. At the same time, the Group can continue to
          develop overseas market and enhance brand competitiveness and awareness. The Group can also
          increase market share by selling products through the online platform of Hisense Group and its
          subsidiaries which reduces the product circulation links. Provision of services to Hisense Group and
          its subsidiaries will increase the income of the Group. On the other hand, taking into account the
          product quality, prices and services provided by Hisense Group and its subsidiaries, purchases of home
          electrical appliances, equipment, raw materials and parts and components from Hisense Group and its
          subsidiaries and engagement of their services can meet the manufacture needs of the Company and the
          development of related business, and can also help reduce costs. As such, the Company entered into
          the business co-operation framework agreement and the supplemental agreement of the business co-
          operation framework agreement with Hisense Group and its subsidiaries on 11 November 2021 and 5
          September 2022, the principal terms of which are as follows:


          (1)    The business co-operation framework agreement shall commence from 19 January 2022, being
                 the date on which the agreement was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the first
                 2022 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2022, which can be
                 terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the parties.


          (2)    The supplemental agreement of the business co-operation framework agreement shall commence
                 from 27 October 2022, being the date on which the agreement was approved by the shareholders
                 of the Company at the second 2022 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31
                 December 2022, which can be terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the
                 parties.


          (3)    Pricing for the mutual purchase of home electrical appliances between the Group on the one
                 hand and Hisense Group and its subsidiaries on the other hand is determined by commercial
                 negotiation between the parties according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness
                 mainly with reference to the market price of similar home electrical appliances. Pricing for
                 the mutual purchase of raw materials and parts and components between the Group on the one
                 hand and Hisense Group and its subsidiaries on the other hand is determined by commercial
                 negotiation between the parties according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness
                 with reference to the market price of similar raw materials, parts and components. Pricing
                 for the sales of equipment by the Group to Hisense Group and its subsidiaries is determined
                 by commercial negotiation between the parties according to the principles of fairness and
                 reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar equipment. Pricing for the sales of
                 moulds by the Group to Hisense Group and its subsidiaries is determined by the open bidding
                 process. Pricing for the mutual provision of services between the Group on the one hand and
                 Hisense Group and its subsidiaries on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiations
                 according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness between the parties with reference to
                 the market price for the provision of similar services in the industry.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2022   77
Report of the Directors


                (4)       The annual caps under the business co-operation framework agreement are shown in the table
                          below:


                                                                           Unit: RMB’0000 (exclusive of value-added tax)


                          Types of
                          connected                                                 Connected                  Annual
                          transactions       Division by products or services       person                         cap


                          Sale of products   Sale of home electrical appliances     Hisense Group               47,482
                          and materials      products by the Group


                                                                                    Hisense International    2,321,327


                                                                                    Hisense Marketing          133,790
                                                                                    Management


                                                                                    Hisense Visual               1,040


                                             Sale of raw materials, parts and       Hisense Group               70,665
                                             components by the Group


                                                                                    Hisense International       29,363


                                                                                    Hisense Visual                 410


                                             Sale of moulds by the Group            Hisense Group                  350


                                                                                    Hisense International        5,200


                                                                                    Hisense Visual               7,719


                          Provision of       Provision of property, processing and Hisense Group                 1,591
                          services           installation services by the Group


                                             Provision of property services by the Hisense International           398
                                             Group


                                             Provision of property, processing and Hisense Visual               44,951
                                             installation services by the Group


                                             Provision of property services by the Hisense Marketing               399
                                             Group                                  Management




78   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


            Types of
            connected                                              Connected                      Annual
            transactions   Division by products or services        person                                 cap


            Purchase of    Purchase of home electrical             Hisense Group                     1,049
            products and   appliances products by the Group
            materials      Purchase of raw materials, parts and
                           components by the Group


                                                                   Hisense International           29,874


                                                                   Hisense Visual                         127


                                                                   Hisense Group                   75,653


                                                                   Hisense International           20,080


                                                                   Hisense Visual                  11,458


                                                                   Hisense Hong Kong             120,000


            Receipt of     Receipt of employee health              Hisense Group                 113,426
            services       management, material processing,
                           installation and maintenance,
                           distribution, property, leasing,
                           design, inspection, agency,
                           management consulting, technical
                           support, and information system
                           development and maintenance
                           services by the Group


                           Receipt of maintenance，agency           Hisense International           11,852
                           and technical support services by the
                           Group


                           Receipt of agency services by the       Hisense Marketing               28,288
                           Group                                   Management


                           Receipt of property and technical       Hisense Visual                    5483
                           support services by the Group




                                                                                     Annual Report 2022     79
Report of the Directors


      2.       Financial services agreement with Hisense Finance


                The Group is expected to benefit from the rates on loans and deposits offered by Hisense Finance to
                the Group, which will be equal to or more favourable than those offered by the PRC commercial banks,
                and, at the same time, Hisense Finance’s better understanding of the operations of the Group should
                allow the provision of more expedient and efficient services than those offered by the PRC commercial
                banks. On the other hand, Hisense Finance is regulated by China Banking Regulatory Commission (中
                國銀行業監管管理委員會) and complies with the regulations and operation requirements issued by the
                relevant regulatory authorities in its provision of financial services. The primary customers of Hisense
                Finance are the companies within Hisense Group. In general, as the risks exposed to Hisense Finance
                are less than those exposed to the financial institutions with a broad and unrestricted customer base,
                Hisense Finance is able to safeguard the customers’ funds more effectively. As such, the Company
                entered into the financial services agreement with Hisense Finance on 16 November 2021, the principal
                terms of which are as follows:


                (1)       The term of the financial services agreement shall commence from 19 January 2022, being the
                          date on which the agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at
                          the first 2022 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2022, which
                          can be terminated by either party if the other party is in default and such default is not remedied
                          within a reasonable period.


                (2)       The services to be provided by Hisense Finance Company to the Group include deposit services,
                          loan and electronic bank acceptance bill (電子銀行承兌匯票) services, draft discount services
                          (票據貼現服務), settlement and sale of foreign exchange services (結售匯服務) and agency
                          services such as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds (資金收支結算等代理類服
                          務).


                (3)       The maximum daily closing balance of the deposits placed by the Group with Hisense Finance
                          Company at any time during the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed
                          t h e c a p o f R M B27,000,000,000 (i n c l u s i v e o f i n t e r e s t) o n a n y g i v e n d a y. T h e m a x i m u m
                          closing balance of loan and electronic bank acceptance bills provided by Hisense Finance
                          for the Group during the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap
                          of RMB18,000,000,000 (inclusive of interest and service fees). The annual discount interest
                          payable by the Group to Hisense Finance for the provision of draft discount services during
                          the term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap of RMB50,000,000. The
                          annual amount settled or sold by Hisense Finance for the Group during the term of the financial
                          services agreement shall not exceed the cap of US$300,000,000. The annual amount of the
                          service fees payable by the Group to Hisense Finance for the provision of agency services such
                          as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds (資金收支結算等代理類服務) during the
                          term of the financial services agreement shall not exceed the cap of RMB3,000,000.




80   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


    3.   Business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi


         On one hand, the supply of home electrical appliances, raw materials and parts and components,
         moulds and information system services by the Group to Johnson Hitachi can help to increase the
         sales scale and the sales revenue of the Group. On the other hand, the purchase of home electrical
         appliances, raw materials and parts and components, and technical support services by the Group from
         Johnson Hitachi Group can enhance the product competitiveness and the sales scale of the Group.
         As such, the Company entered into the business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi on 27
         December 2021, the principal terms of which are as follows:


         (1)    T h e b u s i n e s s c o-o p e r a t i o n a g r e e m e n t s h a l l c o m m e n c e f r o m 27 D e c e m b e r 2021 u n t i l 31
                December 2022. which can be terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the
                parties.


         (2)    The annual caps under the business co-operation agreement are shown in the table below:


                                                                                          Unit: RMB (exclusive of value-added tax)


         Types of connected
           transactions                       Division by products or services                                                     Annual cap


         Sale of products and                 Supply of home electrical appliances products by the                                 567,480,000
           materials                             Group
                                              Supply of raw materials, parts and components by the                                  20,120,000
                                                 Group
                                              Supply of moulds by the Group                                                              790,000
         Provision of services                Provision of information system services by the Group                                      100,000
         Purchase of products and             Purchase of home electrical appliances products by the                               100,000,000
           materials                             Group
                                              Purchase of raw materials, parts and components by the                            1,182,360,000
                                                 Group
         Receipt of services                  Receipt of technical support services by the Group                                    31,590,000




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022     81
Report of the Directors


(II)     Connected transactions conducted in the ordinary course of operation during the Reporting Period,
         details of which are as follows:


                                                                                                    Connected       Percentage of
                                                       Particulars           Pricing principle     transaction      total amount
                                 Type of connected     of connected          of connected        amount (RMB           of similar
         Connected party         transaction           transaction           transaction         ten thousand)   transactions (%)


         Hisense Group           Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price             1,027.23               0.02
         Hisense Visual          Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price                91.82                 –
           Technology
         Hisense International   Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price            17,866.33               0.30
         Johnson Hitachi         Purchase              Finished goods        Agreed price             6,119.45               0.10
         Hisense Group           Purchase              Materials             Agreed price            48,621.93               0.83
         Hisense Visual          Purchase              Materials             Agreed price             9,048.53               0.15
           Technology
         Hisense International   Purchase              Materials             Agreed price             1,574.03               0.03
         Hisense Hong Kong       Purchase              Materials             Agreed price            40,425.45               0.69
         Johnson Hitachi         Purchase              Materials             Agreed price            63,912.08               1.09
         Hisense Group           Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price            98,744.64               1.68
         Hisense Visual          Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price             4,757.22               0.08
           Technology
         Hisense International   Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price             4,005.50               0.07
         Hisense Marketing       Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price            25,464.03               0.43
           Management
         Johnson Hitachi         Receipt of services   Receipt of services   Agreed price             2,331.95               0.04
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price            21,830.87               0.29
         Hisense Visual          Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price              181.44                  –
           Technology
         Hisense International   Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price         1,599,110.09              21.58
         Hisense Marketing       Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price           103,196.69               1.39
           Management
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Finished goods        Agreed price            24,750.32               0.33
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Materials             Agreed price            21,585.45               0.29
         Hisense Visual          Sale                  Materials             Agreed price                 0.32                 –
           Technology
         Hisense International   Sale                  Materials             Agreed price            14,500.86               0.20
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Materials             Agreed price             1,004.26               0.01
         Hisense Group           Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price              171.12                  –
         Hisense Visual          Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price             4,462.60               0.06
           Technology
         Hisense International   Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price             2,708.93               0.04
         Johnson Hitachi         Sale                  Moulds                Agreed price                   –                  –
         Hisense Group           Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price             1,590.57               0.02
         Hisense Visual          Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price            29,589.00               0.40
           Technology
         Hisense International   Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price              283.58                  –
         Hisense Marketing       Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price                98.00                 –
           Management
         Johnson Hitachi         Provision of services Provision of services Agreed price                   –                  –

82     Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


        As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had the balance of deposit of RMB15.146 billion in Hisense
        Finance, recognised interest income of RMB0.321 billion, the actual balance of loan of RMB nil, the balance
        of electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB6.894 billion, the handling fee for opening accounts for electronic
        bank acceptance bill of RMB8.2511 million. For the Reporting Period, the actual amount of discounted
        interest for the provision of draft discount services was RMB2.2407 million, the actual amount involved in the
        provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services was RMB25.3068 million and the actual service
        fee paid for the provision of agency services such as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds was
        RMB1.10million.


(III)   During the Reporting Period, the Company and its connected persons (within the meaning under
        Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) have entered into the following agreements, involving
        transactions between the Group and the relevant connected persons after the Reporting Period:


                                                                    Type of connected            Annual cap (exclusive of
        No.   Agreement      Connected persons                      transactions                        value-added tax)


        1     Business co-   Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Purchase of home                    RMB604,960,000
              operation                                             electrical appliances
              framework                                             products from connected
              agreement                                             persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Purchase of raw                   RMB3,109,350,000
                                                                    materials from
                                                                    connected persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Provision of services by          RMB1,770,160,000
                                                                    connected persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Sale of home electrical          RMB29,309,610,000
                                                                    appliances products to
                                                                    connected persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Sales of raw materials,           RMB3,059,510,000
                                                                    parts and components to
                                                                    connected persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Sale of moulds to                   RMB142,820,000
                                                                    connected persons


                             Hisense Group and subsidiaries         Provision of services to             RMB75,640,000
                                                                    connected persons




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   83
Report of the Directors


                                                                 Type of connected                       Annual cap (exclusive of
       No.    Agreement            Connected persons             transactions                                     value-added tax)


       2      Financial services   Hisense Finance               The services to be          1. The maximum daily closing
              agreement                                          provided by Hisense            balance of the deposits placed by
                                                                 Finance to the Group           the Company with Hisense Finance
                                                                 include deposit services,      at any time shall not exceed
                                                                 loan and electronic            the cap of RMB27,000,000,000
                                                                 bank acceptance bill           (inclusive of interest) on any given
                                                                 (電子銀行承兌匯票)                     day.
                                                                 services, draft discount    2. The daily closing balance of loan
                                                                 services (票據貼現服                and electronic bank acceptance
                                                                 務), settlement and sale        bills provided by Hisense Finance
                                                                 of foreign exchange            for the Group shall not exceed
                                                                 services (結售匯服務)               the cap of RMB18,000,000,000
                                                                 and agency services            (inclusive of interest and service
                                                                 such as settlement             fees) on any given day.
                                                                 services for receipt and    3. The annual discount interest
                                                                 payment of funds (資            payable by the Company to
                                                                 金收支結算等代理類服                     Hisense Finance for the provision
                                                                 務).                            of draft discount services shall not
                                                                                                exceed the cap of RMB50,000,000.
                                                                                             4. The annual amount settled or
                                                                                                sold by Hisense Finance for the
                                                                                                Company shall not exceed the cap
                                                                                                of US$300,000,000.
                                                                                             5. The annual amount of the service
                                                                                                fees payable by the Company to
                                                                                                Hisense Finance for the provision
                                                                                                of agency services such as
                                                                                                settlement services for receipt and
                                                                                                payment of funds (資金收支結算
                                                                                                等代理類服務) shall not exceed
                                                                                                the cap of RMB3,000,000.


       The date of the above agreements is 7 November 2022. The terms of the business co-operation framework
       agreement and financial services agreement commence from the date of which such agreements were approved
       by the independent shareholders (that is, 9 January 2023) until 31 December 2023. The relationships between
       the Group and Hisense Group and its subsidiaries and Hisense Finance have been disclosed above.

       Details of the above agreements can be found in the announcement and the circular published on the website
       of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 7 November 2022 and 20 December 2022 respectively.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO JOINT EXTERNAL INVESTMENT

The Company had no connected transactions with joint external investments during the Reporting Period.




84   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


CONNECTED CREDITOR’S RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and
liabilities.


OTHER CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

On 18 April 2022, the Company, Hisense Visual and Qingdao Yuanli Information Consulting Co., Ltd.* (青島員
利信息諮詢股份有限公司) (“Qingdao Yuanli”) entered into a capital increase agreement (the “Capital Increase
Agreement”) in relation to the capital increase (the “Capital Increase”) of an aggregate of RMB20,170,000 new
registered capital of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom (representing approximately 26% of the enlarged equity
interests of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom) by way of equipment injection with a value equal to an aggregate
sum of RMB63,535,500 to be contributed by Hisense Visual. The Company and Qingdao Yuanli waived the capital
increase of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom. The Capital Increase to Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom is to enhance
the Company’s supporting capacity of injection molding and sheet metal business, to achieve the integration of
injection moulding and sheet metal production capacity and talents within the system, to expand and strengthen the
external business, to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the injection molding and sheet metal business.


The capital increase price was determined based on the audited net book assets of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom as
at 31 December 2021, and the capital contribution of Hisense Visual was determined based on the appraised value of
the equipment as at December 31, 2021. The Company did not participate in the capital increase and share expansion
of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom. Upon completion of the capital increase and share expansion, the shareholding
structure of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom was as follows: 60.06% owned by the Company, 26.00% owned by
Hisense Visual and 13.94% owned by Qingdao Yuanli.


Hisense Visual is a subsidiary of Hisense Group and Hisense Group (through its indirect interest in the Company
held by Hisense Air-conditioning and Hisense Hong Kong) is the controlling shareholder of the Company. Therefore,
Hisense Visual is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Capital Increase Agreement and the
transactions contemplated under it constitute a connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. As the Company’s equity interest in Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom will decrease from 81.17% to 60.06%
upon completion of the Capital Increase, the Capital Increase also constitutes a deemed disposal of the Company’s
equity interest in a subsidiary under Rule 14.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. However, since all the percentage
ratios are more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the Capital Increase Agreement and the transactions contemplated under
it are subject to reporting and announcement requirements but exempt from the circular (including independent
financial advice) and shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.76 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


Upon completion of the Capital Increase, the Company’s equity interest in Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom
decreased from 81.17% to 60.06%. Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom continued to be a subsidiary of the Company
and the financial results of Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom continued to be consolidated into those of the Group.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of significant related party transactions undertaken by the Group during the Reporting Period in the ordinary
course of business are set out in note 11.7 to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed
"Particulars of Material Connected Transactions of the Company During the Reporting Period" and "Other Connected
Transactions" in this annual report, related party transactions as disclosed in note 11.7 to the financial statements
not deemed as connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, or are exempt from the
reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Directors
confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Hong Kong Listing Rules.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   85
Report of the Directors


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied
with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.


PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE WEBSITES OF THE HONG KONG STOCK
EXCHANGE AND THE COMPANY

This annual report, containing all information as required by Appendix 16 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, has
been published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkex.com.hk) and the website of the
Company (http://hxjd.hisense.cn).


NOTE: S U P P L E M E N T A R Y I N F O R M A T I O N A S R E Q U I R E D B Y T H E H O N G K O N G
S T O C K E X C H A N G E I N R E L A T I O N T O T H E C O M P A N Y’S A S H A R E A N N U A L R E S U L T S
ANNOUNCEMENT

I.       P A R T I C U L A R S O F T H E R E M U N E R A T I O N O F D I R E C T O R S, S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
         MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                     Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                          Whether
                                                                                                                     remuneration
                                                                                              Total amount of         was received
                                                                                          remuneration before       from connected
                                                                                             tax received from         party of the
         Name             Position                   Gender    Age          Status               the Company             Company


         Dai Hui Zhong    Chairman                   Male      57           Current                 628.26 Note 1               No


         Jia Shao Qian    executive Director         Male      50           Current                        0.00                Yes


         Xia Zhang Zhua   executive Director         Male      44           Current                 215.23Note 2                No


         Gao Yu Ling      executive Director Chief   Female    41           Current                 223.32Note 3                No
                          Financial Officer


         Zhong Geng Shen Independent non-            Male      62           Current                       14.00                 No
                          executive Director


         Cheung Sai Kit   Independent non-           Male      51           Current                       24.00                 No
                          executive Director


         Li Zhi Gang      Independent non-           Male      47           Current                   0.00Note 4                No
                          executive Director


         Liu Zhen Shun    Chairman of Supervisory    Male      53           Current                        0.00                Yes
                          Committee


86   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                                       Whether
                                                                                                                  remuneration
                                                                                            Total amount of        was received
                                                                                        remuneration before      from connected
                                                                                           tax received from        party of the
    Name               Position                  Gender      Age          Status               the Company            Company


    Sun Jia Hui        Supervisor                Female      34           Current                        0.00                  Yes


    Yin Zhi Xin        Supervisor                Male        34           Current                  85.71Note 5                 No


    Zhang Yu Xin       Secretary to the Board    Female      36           Current                  33.63Note 6                 No


    Wong Tak Fong      Company Secretary         Female      54           Current                      17.18                   No


    Lin Lan            executive Director        Male        65           Resigned                       0.00                  Yes


    Fei Li Cheng       executive Director        Male        59           Resigned                706.25Note 7                 No


    Ma Jin Quan        Independent non-          Male        80           Resigned                     14.00                   No
                       executive Director


    Huang Qian Mei     Former Secretary to the   Female      39           Resigned                     18.38                   No
                       Board


    Total              –                         –           –            –                         1,979.96                     –



    Notes:

    1.        The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Dai
              Hui Zhong as the Chairman and President of the Company during the Reporting Period.


    2.        The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Xia
              Zhang Zhua as the general manager of the Company’s home appliance research and development center during the
              Reporting Period.


    3.        The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Ms. Gao
              Yu Ling as the chief financial officer of the Company during the Reporting Period.


    4.        Mr. Li Zhi Gang, an independent non-executive Director of the Company, was elected as an independent non-
              executive Director at the first extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 19 January 2023 and has been
              receiving remuneration as an independent director of the Company since January 2023.


    5.        The Supervisors do not receive remuneration as supervisors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Yin Zhi
              Xin as the vice president of the Company's subsidiary during the Reporting Period.


    6.        Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, the secretary of the Board, was appointed at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the eleventh
              session of the Board on 18 August 2022 and has been remunerated as the secretary of the Board since August 2022.


    7.        The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Fei
              Li Cheng as the general manager of the Company’s subsidiary during the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022     87
Report of the Directors


II.      THE DECISION-MAKING PROCEDURES AND BASIS OF DETERMINATION OF THE
         REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

         The remuneration of the Directors is determined based on the recommendation made to the Board by the
         remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board on the basis of the duties of the Directors and the
         remuneration level of other listed companies in the same industry, and is subject to consideration and approval
         by the Board and the shareholders at general meetings.


         The remuneration of the supervisors is determined based on the recommendation made by the supervisory
         committee on the basis of the duties of the supervisors and the remuneration level of other listed companies
         in the same industry and is subject to consideration and approval by the Board and the shareholders at general
         meetings.


         The remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board makes remuneration recommendation to the Board
         based on the senior management’s experience, responsibilities, risk and pressure undertaken for operation
         under his/her management and his/her contribution to the Company. The said remuneration recommendation
         is determined and approved by the Board. The final remuneration received by the senior management is also
         linked with his/her annual performance review.


         The Company determines and pays the remuneration of the Directors, supervisors and senior management in
         accordance with the above requirements and procedures.


III.     MATERIAL LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION OF THE COMPANY

         There was no progress in the material litigation and arbitration of the Company during the Reporting Period.


IV.      GUARANTEE ITEMS

                                                             External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                   Date of
                                   disclosure of the                   Actual date
                                   announcement                        of occurrence                                                          Counter-
                                   related to the                      (date of      Actual                                                   guarantee                         Whether the Whether to
         Name of the               guarantee Guarantee                 guarantee     guarantee              Type of           Collateral      situation       Guarantee         performance guarantee for
         guarantee object          amount            quota             agreement) amount                    guarantee         (if any)        (if any)        period            completed related parties

         SANPAK ENGINEERING 2 March 2021 PKR650,000,000 25 March 2019 PKR561,840,000 Joint and several –                                      –               25 March 2019 –   Yes          No
           INDUSTRIES(PVT) LTD.                       (equivalent to                         (equivalent to    liability                                        31 March 2022
           (Note 1)                                   RMB20,007,000)                         RMB17,293,400) guarantee
         Total amount of external guarantees approved                0 Total actual amount of external                                                                                                 0
           during the Reporting Period (A1)                              guarantees incurred during the
                                                                         Reporting Period (A2)
         Total amount of approved external guarantees                0 Total actual external guarantee balance                                                                                         0
           at the end of the Reporting Period (A3)                       at the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                         (A4)




88     Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


                                                                                   Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                Date of
                                disclosure
                                of the                             Actual date
                                announcement                       of occurrence                                                       Counter-
                                related to the                     (date of                                                            guarantee                      Whether the Whether to
    Name of the                 guarantee                          guarantee     Actual guarantee Type of               Collateral (if situation (if                  performance guarantee for
    guarantee object            amount         Guarantee quota     agreement) amount              guarantee             any)           any)          Guarantee period completed related parties

    Hisense Japan Automobile                                       25 June 2021 19.57 billion yen Joint and several –                –            25 June 2021-     Yes          No
      Air Conditioning System                                                         (equivalent        liability                                  28 April 2022
      Contract Company                                                                to RMB1.025 guarantee
                                                                                      billion)
    Kelon Development                                              20 August       4 billion yen       Joint and several –           –            20 August 2021- Yes            No
      Limited                                                        2021             (equivalent        liability                                  2 September
                                                                                      to RMB0.209 guarantee                                         2022
                                                                                      billion)
    Kelon Development                                              16 September 3 billion yen          Joint and several –           –            16 September 2021- Yes         No
      Limited                                                        2021             (equivalent        liability                                  30 September
                                                                                      to RMB0.157 guarantee                                         2022
                                               35.3 billion yen
                                                                                      billion)
                                                 (equivalent
    Kelon Development           8 May 2021                         15 February 5 billion yen           Joint and several –           –            15 February 2022- No           No
                                                 to RMB1.848
      Limited                                                        2022             (equivalent        liability                                  1 March 2023
                                                 billion)
                                                                                      to RMB0.262 guarantee
                                                                                      billion)
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                             7 September RMB0.165                Joint and several –           –            7 September 2022- No           No
                                                                     2022             billion            liability                                  23 September
                                                                                                         guarantee                                  2023
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                             20 September RMB77                  Joint and several –           –            20 September 2022- Yes         No
                                                                     2022             million            liability                                  4 January 2023
                                                                                                         guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                                             22 December RMB0.462                Joint and several –           –            22 December 2022- No           No
                                                                     2022             billion            liability                                  5 January 2024
                                                                                                         guarantee
    KELON INTERNATIONAL15 April 2021 RMB0.7 billion 16 August                      RMB0.28             Joint and several                          16 August 2021- Yes            No
      INC.                                                           2021             billion            liability                                  16 August 2022
                                                                                                         guarantee
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                   0 Total actual amount incurred for                                                                          RMB0.966 billion
      approved during the Reporting Period                           guarantees to subsidiaries during
      (B1)                                                           the Reporting Period (B2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries         RMB2.548 Total actual guarantee balances                                                                              RMB0.889 billion
      approved at the end of the Reporting                 billion to subsidiaries at the end of the
      Period (B3)                                                    Reporting Period (B4)




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022         89
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                    Subsidiaries’ guarantees to subsidiaries
                                       Date of
                                       disclosure of the                         Actual date
                                       announcement                              of occurrence                                                            Counter-
                                       related to the                            (date of           Actual                                                guarantee                      Whether the Whether to
       Name of the                     guarantee           Guarantee             guarantee          guarantee               Type of          Collateral   situation   Guarantee          performance guarantee for
       guarantee object                amount              amount                agreement)         amount                  guarantee        (if any)     (if any)    period             completed      related parties


       SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) N/A                            US$12,650,000         16 January 2020 INR959,811,000             Joint and several –           –           16 January 2020-   Yes            No
         PRIVATE LIMITED. (Note 2)                           (equivalent to                            (equivalent to         liability                                 26 March 2025
                                                             RMB88,102,200)                            RMB80,796,900) guarantee
       Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                             0 Total actual amount incurred for                                                                                                    0
         approved during the Reporting Period (C1)                                  guarantees to subsidiaries during the
                                                                                    Reporting Period (C2)
       Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                             0 Total actual guarantee balances                                                                                                     0
         approved at the end of the Reporting Period                                to subsidiaries at the end of the
         (C3)                                                                       Reporting Period (C4)
       Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
       Total amount of guarantee approved during the                          0 Total actual amount of guarantees                                                                                    RMB0.966 billion
         Reporting Period (A1+B1+C1)                                                incurred during the Reporting Period
                                                                                    (A2+B2+C2)
       Total amount of approved guarantees at the end RMB2.548 billion Total actual guarantee balance at                                                                                             RMB0.889 billion
         of the Reporting Period (A3+B3+C3)                                         the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                                    (A4+B4+C4)
       Total actual guarantees (i.e.A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net assets                                                                                                                      7.72%
       Among them:
       Balance of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                              0
       Balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio                                                                                    RMB0.889 billion
         exceeding 70% (E)
       Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)                                                                                                                                    0
       Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                            RMB0.889 billion
       For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint                                                                                            No
         and several liability with evidence during the Reporting Period (if any)
       Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                                  No

      Note 1: Note on the joint and several liability guarantee provided by the Company to Sanden Holdings: After Sanden
              Holdings has unanimously approved the forgiveness of its ADR debts of 63 billion yen by all ADR creditors,
              the amount of remaining ADR debts is approximately 35.3 billion yen. Pursuant to the share purchase agreement
              signed between the Company and Sanden Holdings and the final confirmation of both parties, as an alternative to
              the Company providing joint and several liability guarantee for the remaining ADR debts of Sanden Holdings, all
              remaining ADR debts of Sanden Holdings shall be paid as soon as possible after the closing, but not later than three
              months after the closing date. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company will not be required to provide joint
              and several liability guarantee for all the remaining ADR debts of Sanden Holdings, but will provide a new joint
              and several liability guarantee to Sanden Holdings, Hisense Japan Automobile Air Conditioning System Contract
              Company or the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary KELON Development Company Limited which directly holds
              100% equity interest in Hisense Japan Automobile Air Conditioning System Contract Company, in respect of the
              new loan arising from the aforesaid payment, with the amount of the new joint and several liability guarantee not
              exceeding the amount of the remaining ADR debts.




90   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Directors


             Note 2: Except for the above-mentioned guarantees, all guarantees of the Company during the Reporting Period were its
                     original guarantees before the Company acquired Sanden Holdings, which became guarantees of the Company as
                     a result of the inclusion of Sanden Holdings into the scope of the Company’s consolidated statements of income
                     during the Reporting Period.


V.           PARTICULARS OF ENTRUSTED WEALTH MANAGEMENT

                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                         Source of funding                              Subscription amount
                                                         for entrusted wealth                            of entrusted wealth                         Amount of undue
             Product Type                                management                                                   management           principal and revenue                                Overdue Balance


             Wealth management                           Self-owned funds                                              871,900.00                             672,119.06                                           0
                products of banks


             871,900.00                                                                                                871,900.00                             672,119.06                                           0

             During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have high-risk entrusted wealth management, the individual
             amount of which was significant or low security, poor liquidity, and no capital protection, and the Company
             was not aware of any circumstances indicating the possibility that the principal of the entrusted wealth
             management could not be recovered or other circumstances that might lead to impairment of the Group’s
             entrusted wealth management.


VI.          FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTMENT

             1.            Securities investment


                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB


                                                                                        Gains or        Accumulated
                                                                                        losses          fair value                                     Profit and
                                               Initial    Accounting        Opening     on changes      changes            Purchase       Amount         loss for                     Closing

Securities   Securities Abbreviation           investment measurement           book    in fair value   included in      amount for    sold during the Reporting         Other          book      Accounting      Fund
species      code       of securities          cost       model                value    for the period equity             the period    the period        Period        changes         value        accounts    source

Offshore     7267       Honda Motor Co., Ltd. –           Fair value    10,421,589.83                   -682,533.56      883,465.45                                 -571,339.91 10,051,181.81     Other equity    Own
Equity
                        (Listed on the Tokyo              measurement                                                                                                                              instruments    funds
                        Stock Exchange)


Offshore     8795       T&D Holdings           –          Fair value      16,314.18                     -1,234.64                      13,889.66                      -1,168.94         20.94    Other equity     Own
Equity                  (Listed n the Tokyo               measurement                                                                                                                             instruments    funds
                        Stock Exchange)


Offshore     PRU        Prudential (Listed on –           Fair value    1,587,084.49 -135,141.29                                                                    139,127.41 1,591,070.61          Trading Own funds
Equity                  the New York Stock                measurement                                                                                                                               financial
                        Exchange)                                                                                                                                                                      assets




                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022           91
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                      Gains or        Accumulated
                                                                                                      losses          fair value                                 Profit and
                                                     Initial      Accounting             Opening      on changes      changes         Purchase       Amount         loss for                     Closing

Securities     Securities Abbreviation               investment measurement                 book      in fair value   included in   amount for    sold during the Reporting         Other          book    Accounting    Fund
species        code         of securities            cost         model                     value     for the period equity          the period    the period        Period        changes         value     accounts   source


Other securities investments held                    –            –                                                                                                                                                –        –
at the end of the period


Total                                                –            –              12,024,988.50 -135,141.29 -683,768.20              883,465.45    13,889.66                    -433,381.44 11,642,273.36           –        –

Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment by the Board                                                                                                                                     N/A


Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment during shareholders’ meetings (if any)                                                                                                           N/A



               Note:           All of the Company’s investments in securities during the Reporting Period were in Sanden company, which
                               became the Company’s investment in securities as a result of the inclusion of Sanden company in the Company’s
                               consolidated financial statements in 2021.


               2.              Derivatives investment


                               The Company had no investments in derivatives for hedging purposes and no investments in derivatives
                               for speculative purposes during the Reporting Period.


VII. DESCRIPTION OF CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION AS COMPARED TO
     FINANCIAL REPORT LAST YEAR

               ✓ Applicable                       □ Not applicable


               Details of the changes in scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in
               Note 7.


VIII. REASON FOR CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND
      ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AS COMPARED TO THE FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE
      PRIOR YEAR

               □ Applicable                        ✓ Not applicable




92           Annual Report 2022
Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company has faithfully discharged its duties to
protect the lawful interests of the Company, its staff and shareholders in compliance with the relevant requirements
of the Company Law of the PRC, the Shenzhen Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of
Association of the Company. We would like to report to you the work of the Supervisory Committee during 2022 in
accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company:


I.    WORK OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

      During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee held a total of 5 meetings, details of which are
      summarised as follows:


      (1)    the first meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2022 was held on 30 March
             2022, at which the 2021 annual report of the Company and related matters were considered and
             approved.


      (2)    the second meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2022 was held on 11 April
             2022, at which the 2022 first quarterly report of the Company was considered and approved.


      (3)    the half-yearly meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2022 was held on 30
             August 2022, at which the 2022 interim report of the Company was considered and approved.


      (4)    the third meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2022 was held on 27 October
             2022, at which the 2022 third quarterly report of the Company was considered and approved.


      (5)    the fourth meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee in 2022 was held on 30
             December 2022, at which the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme，the 2022 A Share Employee
             Stock Ownership Plan and related resolutions were considered and approved.


II.   INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT
      MATTERS OF THE COMPANY IN 2022

      (1)    Operation of the Company in compliance with law During the Reporting Period, the Company
             continued to perfect its various management systems, and the Company’s decision-making processes
             were in compliance with law.


             The convening procedures, the motions and the voting procedures of the Company’s shareholders’
             general meetings and board meetings all complied with the laws and regulations and the requirements
             of the Articles of Association of the Company. The Directors and senior management were diligent and
             responsible, and conscientiously implemented the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings and
             Board meetings, and have not acted in violation of the laws, regulations or the Articles of Association
             of the Company or prejudiced the Company’s interests during the execution of their duties in the
             Company.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   93
Report of the Supervisory Committee


       (2)      Examination of the Company’s financial situation


                ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP has audited the Company’s financial statements for the
                year 2022 and issued an auditor’s report with standard unqualified opinion. The Supervisory Committee
                is of the view that the opinion expressed in the auditor’s report was fair and objective and the current
                financial statements have truthfully and fairly reflected the financial condition and operating results of
                the Company.


       (3)      During the Reporting Period, the Company had not made any investments which were funded by capital
                raising activities.


       (4)      During the Reporting Period, the Company had not made any significant disposal of assets.


       (5)      During the Reporting Period, the connected transactions which the Company entered into with
                connected parties were fair and reasonable and the prices were fairly determined without prejudicing
                the interests of any independent shareholders and the Company.


       (6)      Opinion of the Company’s 2022 internal control assessment Report.


                After reviewing the Company’s 2022 Internal Control Assessment Report, the Company’s Supervisory
                Committee is of the view that:


                With reference to the relevant requirements of the Basic Norms for Enterprise Internal Control and
                the Guidelines of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the Standardised Operation of Listed Companies,
                the Company’s existing internal control and risk management systems are basically sound and cover
                all levels and segments of the Company’s operation, are in compliance with the requirements of the
                relevant laws and regulations, and suit the actual needs of the Company’s operating activities. Each
                of the internal control and risk management systems is able to exert relatively effective control of
                the different segments in the Company’s operation, and is capable of preventing, timely discovering
                and rectifying possible errors in the Company’s operation process, controlling the relevant risks,
                protecting the safety and completeness of the Company’s assets, ensuring the truthfulness, accuracy
                and timeliness of the accounting records and accounting information. The Company’s 2022 Internal
                Control Assessment Report has fully, objectively and truly reflected the actual internal control and
                risk management situation of the Company, and we agree to the issue of the 2022 Internal Control
                Assessment Report by the Board.


       (7)      Opinion of the Company’s 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme.


                After reviewing, the Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


                The contents of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) of the Company and its summary
                meet the requirements of relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents such as the Company
                Law, the Securities Law and the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies.
                The implementation of the Incentive Scheme will be beneficial to the sustainable development of the
                Company and will not be detrimental to the interests of the Company and all Shareholders.




94   Annual Report 2022
Report of the Supervisory Committee


    (8)    Opinion of the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal System of the 2022 Restricted A Share
           Incentive Scheme;


           After reviewing, the Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


           The Administrative Measures for the Appraisal System of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive
           Scheme meet the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and the actual situation of the company,
           ensure the smooth implementation of the Incentive Scheme, which will further improve the governance
           structure of the Company, form a good and balanced value allocation system and establish a benefit
           sharing and restraint mechanism between shareholders and core team.


    (9)    Opinion of the verification of the Participants under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme


           After the preliminary verification of the Participants to be granted under the Incentive Scheme, the
           Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


           The Participants have the qualifications required by the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Articles
           of Association of the Company and other laws, regulations and regulatory documents. the Participant
           do not have any circumstances which have been determined as an inappropriate candidate by the Stock
           Exchanges within the last 12 months, have been determined as an inappropriate candidate by the CSRC
           and its delegated agencies within the last 12 months, have been subject to administrative punishment or
           measures for banning the entry into the market by the CSRC and its delegated agencies due to material
           violation of laws and regulations within the last 12 months, are prohibited from acting as a director
           or a member of the senior management of the Company pursuant to the Company Law and from
           participating in share incentives of listed companies pursuant to laws and regulations. The Participants
           meet the requirements of the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies and
           the scope of the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (Draft) of the Company and its summary.
           The eligibility of the Participants is legal and valid.


    (10)   Opinion of the Company’s the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


           After reviewing, the Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


           The 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company and its summary meet
           t h e r e q u i r e m e n t s o f t h e C o m p a n y L a w, t h e S e c u r i t i e s L a w, t h e G u i d i n g O p i n i o n s o n t h e P i l o t
           I m p l e m e n t a t i o n o f E m p l o y e e S t o c k O w n e r s h i p P l a n b y L i s t e d C o m p a n i e s, t h e S e l f-r e g u l a t o r y
           Guidelines No. 1 for the Companies Listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange – Standardized Operation
           of the Companies Listed on the Main Board and other laws, regulations, regulatory documents and
           the Articles of Association. It is conducive to establish the mechanism for sharing benefits between
           employees and shareholders, improve corporate governance standards, increase the cohesion of
           employees and competitiveness of the Company, raise the enthusiasm and creativity of employees, and
           promote the long-term, sustainable and healthy development of the Company.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022       95
Report of the Supervisory Committee


       (11)     Opinion of the Administrative Measures for the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


                After reviewing, the Company’s Supervisory Committee is of the view that:


                T h e A d m i n i s t r a t i v e M e a s u r e s f o r t h e 2022 A S h a r e E m p l o y e e S t o c k O w n e r s h i p P l a n m e e t
                t h e r e q u i r e m e n t s o f t h e C o m p a n y L a w, t h e S e c u r i t i e s L a w, t h e G u i d i n g O p i n i o n s o n t h e P i l o t
                I m p l e m e n t a t i o n o f E m p l o y e e S t o c k O w n e r s h i p P l a n b y L i s t e d C o m p a n i e s, t h e S e l f-r e g u l a t o r y
                Guidelines No. 1 for the Companies Listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange – Standardized Operation
                of the Companies Listed on the Main Board and other laws, regulations, regulatory documents and the
                Articles of Association. It ensures the smooth implementation and standardized operation of the Share
                Employee Stock Ownership Plan without prejudice to the interests of the Company and Shareholders
                and meets the long-term development needs of the Company.




96   Annual Report 2022
Definitions


This report is published in both English and Chinese. If there is any inconsistency between the English and the
Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.


In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the following
meanings:


“Articles of Association”            the articles of association of the Company currently in force


“Company”, “Hisense Home             Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. *(海信家電集團股份有限公司),
  Appliances”                        a joint stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, whose
                                     shares are listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
                                     Shenzhen Stock Exchange


Guangdong Kitchen & Bathroom         Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen & Bathroom System* (海信（廣東）廚衛系統股
                                     份有限公司)，a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a
                                     non-wholly subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Air-Conditioning”           Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited *(青島海信空調有限公
                                     司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly
                                     controlled by Hisense Group, which holds approximately 37.92% of the issued
                                     shares of the Company


“Hisense Finance”                    Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.*(海信集團財務有限公司), a company incorporated
                                     in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group


“Hisense Group”                      Hisense Group Holdings Limited*(海信集團控股股份有限公司), a company
                                     incorporated in the PRC with limited liability


“Hisense Hitachi”                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. *(青島海信日立
                                     空調系統有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability
                                     and a subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Hong Kong”                  Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                                     Kong with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, which holds
                                     approximately 9.13% of the issued shares of the Company


“Hisense International”              Hisense International Co., Ltd*(青島海信國際營銷股份有限公司), a company
                                     incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense
                                     Group


“Hisense Marketing Management”       H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d.*(海信營銷管理有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and 50% owned by the
                                     Company


“Hisense Visual”                     Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. *(海信視像科技股份有限公司), a joint
                                     stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of
                                     Hisense Group, whose shares are listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock
                                     Exchange




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   97
Definitions


“Hong Kong”                             the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”               the Rules Governing g the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                                        Exchange


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“INR”                                   Indian Rupee, the lawful currency of India


“Johnson Hitachi”                       Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.


“PKR”                                   Pakistani Rupee, the lawful currency of Pakistan


“PRC”                                   the People’s Republic of China


“Reporting Period”                      1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022


“RMB”                                   Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Sanden Company”                        Sanden Holdings Corporation


“Supervisory Committee”                 the supervisory committee of the Company


“US$”                                   the United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“Yen”                                   Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan



*    For identification purposes only




98     Annual Report 2022
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN CHINA                           TELEPHONE

No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui, Shunde, Foshan,        (852) 2593 5622
Guangdong Province, The People’s Republic of China   (86-757) 2836 2570


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                       FAX

Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148     (852) 2802 8085
Connaught Road West, Hong Kong                       (86-757) 2836 1055


SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF                           EMAIL ADDRESS
DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                     hxjdzqb@hisense.com
Board Secretary: Zhang Yu Xin
Company Secretary: Wong Tak Fong                     COMPANY WEBSITE

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                           http://hxjd.hisense.cn


Dai Hui Zhong                                        AUDITORS
Gao Yu Ling
                                                     ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
INVESTOR COMMUNICATION CENTRE                        9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited    the People’s Republic of China
17Mth Floor, Hopewell Center,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   99
Auditor’s Report


                                 信永中和會計師事務所                        北京市東城區朝陽門北大街                       聯繫電話：
                                                                                                      telephone:
                                                                                                                   +86(010)6554 2288
                                                                                                                   +86(010)6554 2288
                                                                   8號富華大廈A座9層

                                                                   9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion,
                                 ShineWing                         No. 8, Chaoyangmen Beidajie,
                                                                   Dongcheng District, Beijing,       傳真：          +86(010)6554 7190
                                 certified public accountants      100027, P. R. China                facsimile:   +86(010)6554 7190



                                                                                                   XYZH/2023QDAA4B0026

To the shareholders of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.,

I.      AUDIT OPINION

        We have audited the financial statements of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company” or
        “Hisense Appliances”), which comprise the consolidated and the Parent Company’s balance sheets as at 31
        December 2022, and the Parent Company’s and consolidated income statements, the Parent Company’s and
        consolidated cash flow statements, the Parent Company’s and consolidated statements of changes in equity for
        2022 and the notes to the financial statements.

        In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Hisense Appliances present fairly, in all material
        aspects, Hisense Appliances’s and the Parent Company’s consolidated financial position as at 31 December
        2022 and its and the Parent Company’s consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the year 2022 in
        accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

II.     BASIS OF AUDIT OPINION

        We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those
        standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements”
        section of our report. We are independent of Hisense Appliances in accordance with the International Ethics
        Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Chinese Certified Public Accountants, and we have
        fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
        have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.




100   Annual Report 2022
Auditor’s Report


III.   KEY AUDIT MATTERS

       Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
       of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
       the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
       opinion on these matters.

       1.        Provision for declines in value of finished goods
                              Key audit matters                                                             Audit response
       A s s t a t e d i n n o t e 4(15) “I n v e n t o r i e s” o f t h e           (1)   Evaluated and tested key internal controls
       financial statement, the finished goods of Hisense                                  relating to the provision for declines in value of
       Appliances are measured at the lower of cost                                        finished goods;
       a n d n e t r e a l i z a b l e v a l u e. A s s t a t e d i n n o t e 6(8)
       “Inventories”, as at 31 December 2022, the balance                            (2)   Carried out stock counting procedures for the
       of finished goods was RMB4,605,205,146.85; the                                      finished goods of Hisense Appliances, checked
       provision for declines in value of finished goods                                   the quantity and condition of finished goods;
       was RMB73,601,045.11; and the carrying amount
       o f f i n i s h e d g o o d s w a s R M B4,531,604,101.74.                    (3)   Obtained the calculation table of provision for
       The sufficiency of provision for declines in value                                  declines in value of finished goods of Hisense
       of finished goods has a material impact on the                                      Appliances, selected certain product models on
       financial statements.                                                               a sampling basis and compared their records
                                                                                           and ageing in the table against the results of our
       Hisense Appliances determines the net realisable                                    stock counting;
       v a l u e o f fin is h e d g o o d s b a s e d o n th e e s tima te d
       selling price of finished goods less the estimated                            (4)   By comparing historical selling prices of similar
       sales expenses and related taxes.                                                   products and reviewing the trend in future
                                                                                           selling prices of products based on seasonal
       The management estimates the expected selling                                       and cyclical characteristics, we assessed the
       price of finished goods based on their conditions,                                  selling prices estima ted by the managem ent
       and the management is required to make significant                                  and checked the same against the actual selling
       judgments in the estimation process.                                                prices subsequent to the balance sheet date;

       In view of the large amount involved in the matter                            (5)   By comparing historical selling expenses and
       and the need for management to make significant                                     relevant taxation and fees of similar products,
       judgments, we treat the provision for declines in                                   we assessed the selling expenses and relevant
       value of finished goods as a key audit matter.                                      taxation and fees estimated by the management
                                                                                           and checked the same against the actual amount
                                                                                           incurred subsequent to the balance sheet date;

                                                                                     (6)   S e l e c t e d c e r t a i n f i n i s h e d g o o d s a n d r e-
                                                                                           calculated their recoverable amount and the
                                                                                           balance of provision for declines in value of
                                                                                           finished goods as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    101
Auditor’s Report


        2.        Related party transactions and receivables
                  from related party
                               Key audit matters                                                                Audit response
        A s d e s c r i b e d i n “N o t e 11(2)1 t o t h e F i n a n c i a l         (1)   assessed and tested the effectiveness of
        S t a t e m e n t s R e l a t e d P a r t y T r a n s a c t i o n s/(3)1.           management’s design and operation of internal
        Balance of related parties”, Hisense Appliances                                     controls relating to related party transactions
        has a relatively large amount of related                                            and receivables from related party;
        t r a n s a c t i o n s, a n d a s o f 31 D e c e m b e r 2022, i t
        had account receivables from related party of                                 (2)   obtained a list of related parties compiled by the
        RMB3,826,829,100.36. In view of the large amount                                    management and checked it with information
        of related party transactions and receivables                                       obtained from other public sources;
        from related party, whether it actually occurred
        or existed has a material impact on financial                                 (3)   Obtained the details of related transactions
        s t a t e m e n t s, t h e r e f o r e, w e t a k e r e l a t e d p a r t y         and receivables from related parties prepared
        transactions and receivables from related party as                                  by the management to understand the business
        the key audit matters.                                                              reasons for the related transactions and verify
                                                                                            the fairness of the related transactions;

                                                                                      (4)   Inspected relevant information such as contracts
                                                                                            or agreements, invoices, declarations and other
                                                                                            r e l a t e d i n f o r m a t i o n o f r e l a t e d t r a n s a c t i o n s,
                                                                                            and performed correspondence verification
                                                                                            procedures for significant related transactions
                                                                                            and accounts receivable from related parties;

                                                                                      (5)   Checked repayment of receivable after the
                                                                                            period;

                                                                                      (6)   Obtained an understanding of the authorization
                                                                                            and approval process of related transactions and
                                                                                            reviewed the presentation and disclosure of the
                                                                                            related contents in the financial statements.


IV.     OTHER INFORMATION

        The management of Hisense Appliances (the management) is responsible for the other information. The other
        information comprises the information included in the 2022 annual report of Hisense Appliances, but does not
        include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

        Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
        of assurance conclusion thereon.

        In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
        our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
        information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




102   Annual Report 2022
Auditor’s Report


V.    RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
      FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The management is responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with Accounting
      Standards for Business Enterprises, to guarantee the fair of financial statements, and designing, implementing
      and maintaining the necessary internal control to avoid the material misstatement of financial statements
      which is due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing Hisense Appliances’s
      sustainable business capacity, disclosing matters (if applicable) in relation to the going concern, and using the
      going concern assumption unless the management either intend to liquidate Hisense Appliances or to cease
      operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing Hisense Appliances’s financial reporting
      process.

VI.   AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
      opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
      in accordance with China Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
      they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
      financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgment and
      maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      (1)    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
             is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
             misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
             collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      (2)    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
             that are appropriate in the circumstances.

      (3)    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
             and related disclosures made by the management.

      (4)    Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
             and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
             or conditions that may cast significant doubt on Hisense Appliances’s ability to continue as a going
             concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
             auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
             date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Hisense Appliances to
             cease to continue as a going concern.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   103
Auditor’s Report


        (5)      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
                 disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
                 manner that achieves fair presentation.

        (6)      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
                 business activities within Hisense Appliances to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
                 statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
                 remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

        We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
        timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
        we identify during our audit.

        We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
        may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

        From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
        of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
        audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
        disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
        be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
        outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants             Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Hu Jia Qing
                                                           (engagement partner)

                                                           Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Liu Qing

        Beijing, PRC                                       30 March 2023




104   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

       Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.                                              Unit: RMB

                                                31 December 2022

                                                                                      As at                 As at
       Item                                                        Note    31 December 2022        1 January 2022

       Current assets:
        Cash at bank and on hand                                   VI.1     6,001,295,427.37     7,022,572,498.74
        Including: Deposits with Hisense Finance                            4,620,904,868.10     5,549,268,664.51
        Balances with clearing companies
        Lending capital
        Transactional financial assets                             VI.2     6,758,233,998.86     5,625,841,633.95
        Derivative financial assets
        Notes receivable                                           VI.3       144,188,330.26       228,252,631.50
        Accounts receivable                                        VI.4     7,665,702,299.91     8,757,077,378.05
        Factoring of accounts receivables                          VI.5     5,072,959,470.76     3,669,679,060.94
        Prepayments                                                VI.6       262,443,975.56       346,069,599.65
        Insurance premium receivable
        Receivables from reinsurers
        Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
        Other receivables                                          VI.7       475,034,340.60        484,042,296.38
        Including: Interest receivable
                   Dividends receivable                                       152,634,355.75        153,473,105.41
        Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
        Inventories                                                VI.8     6,552,835,435.54     8,436,699,059.69
        Contract assets                                            VI.9         6,918,368.07        10,202,598.50
        Assets held for sale
        Non-current assets due within one year                     VI.10    1,986,840,000.00     2,210,937,867.57
        Other current assets                                       VI.11    1,702,738,189.99     2,908,448,659.96

       Total current assets                                                36,629,189,836.92    39,699,823,284.93

       Non-current assets:
        Disbursement of loans and advances
        Investments in debt
        Other investments in debt
        Long-term receivables
        Long-term equity investments                               VI.12    1,518,340,556.73     1,436,216,842.15
        Other equity investment                                    VI.13       36,399,028.71        38,707,912.25
        Other non-current financial assets                         VI.14       25,748,931.39
        Investment properties                                      VI.15      208,716,406.19       235,340,080.78
        Fixed assets                                               VI.16    5,318,274,820.56     5,188,754,013.36
        Construction in progress                                   VI.17      525,171,610.80       665,964,066.15
        Productive biological assets
        Oil and gas assets
        Right-of-use assets                                        VI.18      181,192,061.73       209,678,045.05
        Intangible assets                                          VI.19    1,459,616,347.69     1,644,453,450.06
        Development costs
        Goodwill                                                   VI.20      226,408,877.76       226,408,877.76
        Long-term prepaid expenses                                 VI.21       41,623,003.89        26,229,463.77
        Deferred tax assets                                        VI.22     984,167,504 .03       897,868,944.38
        Other non-current assets                                   VI.23    8,220,701,882.26     5,679,104,506.34

       Total non-current assets                                            18,746,361,031.74    16,248,726,202.05

       Total assets                                                        55,375,550,868.66    55,948,549,486.98


                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   105
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                 As at               As at
        Item                                                  Note    31 December 2022      1 January 2022

        Current liabilities:
         Short-term borrowings                                VI.24    1,462,253,713.24    2,858,984,229.49
         Borrowings from central bank
         Loans from other banks
         Transactional financial liabilities                  VI.25        1,745,488.01             244.38
         Derivative financial liabilities
         Notes payable                                        VI.26   11,322,271,209.54   11,513,955,689.58
         Accounts payable                                     VI.27    9,717,666,826.44   11,779,280,708.56
         Advances from customers
         Contract liability                                   VI.28    1,145,145,334.78    1,147,112,513.32
         Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
           agreements to repurchase
         Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
         Customer brokerage deposits
         Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
         Employee remunerations payable                       VI.29    1,002,267,354.81      928,635,430.98
         Taxes payable                                        VI.30      705,821,864.03      725,413,062.43
         Other payables                                       VI.31    5,219,154,864.04    3,425,374,535.37
         Including: Interest payable
                     Dividends payable                                    67,374,222.13
         Handling fees and commission payable
         Reinsured accounts payable
         Liabilities held for sale
         Non-current liabilities due within one year          VI.32      145,170,159.23      171,349,860.51
         Other current liabilities                            VI.33    5,643,445,390.50    5,462,375,607.34

        Total current liabilities                                     36,364,942,204.62   38,012,481,881.96




106   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                      As at                 As at
       Item                                                        Note    31 December 2022        1 January 2022

       Non-current liabilities:
        Reserves for reinsurance contract
        Long-term borrowings                                       VI.34       19,808,239.84         32,382,835.84
        Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                   Perpetual debts
        Lease liabilities                                          VI.35      277,195,821.24        395,949,053.40
        Long-term payables
        Long-term employee remunerations payable                   VI.36      116,092,710.65       143,732,252.27
        Provisions                                                 VI.37    1,313,738,416.00     1,417,289,726.72
        Deferred income                                            VI.38      145,835,582.02       152,987,034.48
        Deferred tax liabilities                                   VI.22      168,179,961.94       174,217,456.30
        Other non-current liabilities                              VI.39      690,992,901.11        28,258,009.23

       Total non-current liabilities                                        2,731,843,632.80     2,344,816,368.24

       Total liabilities                                                   39,096,785,837.42    40,357,298,250.20

       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                             VI.40    1,362,725,370.00     1,362,725,370.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                           VI.41    2,074,168,605.49     2,069,245,101.87
         Less: treasury shares
         Other comprehensive income                                VI.42      121,267,445.50         93,569,998.57
         Special reserves
         Surplus reserves                                          VI.43      711,971,309.99        711,971,309.99
         General risk provisions
         Undistributed profit                                      VI.44    7,248,124,550.56     6,104,843,404.90
         Total equity attributable to shareholders of the parent           11,518,257,281.54    10,342,355,185.33
         Minority interests                                                 4,760,507,749.70     5,248,896,051.45

       Total shareholders’ equity                                          16,278,765,031.24    15,591,251,236.78

       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                          55,375,550,868.66    55,948,549,486.98



Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling Accounting supervisor: Zhou Min




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   107
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


2.      BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                 As at              As at
        Item                                                  Note    31 December 2022     1 January 2022

        Current assets:
         Cash at bank and on hand                                         84,309,922.91      65,854,079.72
         Including: Deposits with Hisense Finance                         84,209,377.46      65,759,219.73
         Transactional financial assets                                1,818,751,571.58   1,427,181,155.16
         Derivative financial assets
         Notes receivable
         Accounts receivable                                  XVI.1      206,829,884.72    278,843,591.76
         Factoring of accounts receivables                                 2,910,556.42
         Prepayment                                                       54,781,395.72      18,778,548.16
         Other receivables                                    XVI.2    1,427,048,731.01   1,143,227,303.10
         Including: Interest receivable
                    Dividends receivable                                  83,026,795.53
         Inventories                                                       8,753,015.70            309.22
         Contract assets
         Assets held for sale
         Non-current assets due within one year
         Other current assets                                             57,354,135.76     24,231,899.63

        Total current assets                                           3,660,739,213.82   2,958,116,886.75

        Non-current assets:
         Investments in debt
         Other investments in debt
         Long-term receivables                                           646,890,129.38
         Long-term equity investments                         XVI.3    5,648,789,481.52   5,543,047,859.99
         Other equity investment
         Other non-current financial assets
         Investment properties                                             2,091,121.00      2,758,436.00
         Fixed assets                                                     20,836,556.99     15,659,335.59
         Construction in progress                                          8,987,930.20         46,769.62
         Productive biological assets
         Oil and gas assets
         Right-of-use assets
         Intangible assets                                               165,929,570.43    166,683,233.00
         Development costs
         Goodwill
         Long-term prepaid expenses
         Deferred tax assets
         Other non-current assets                                           674,145.00

        Total non-current assets                                       6,494,198,934.52   5,728,195,634.20

        Total assets                                                  10,154,938,148.34   8,686,312,520.95




108   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


                                                                                As at                 As at
       Item                                                   Note   31 December 2022        1 January 2022

       Current liabilities:
        Short-term borrowings
        Transactional financial liabilities
        Derivative financial liabilities
        Notes payable                                                     5,218,317.57
        Accounts payable                                                 31,907,576.55       366,291,83 0.13
        Advances from customers
        Contract liability                                                4,212,914.05             12,924.56
        Employee remunerations payable                                    9,139,554.77          1,316,545.19
        Taxes payable                                                    13,209,586.75          9,894,934.44
        Other payables                                                  531,234,884.31        503,139,810.40
        Including: Interest payable
                    Dividends payable
        Liabilities held for sale
        Non-current liabilities due within one year
        Other current liabilities                                        51,599,130.92           5,279,908.11

       Total Current Liabilities                                        646,521,964.92        885,935,952.83

       Non-Current Liabilities:
        Long-term borrowings
        Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                   Perpetual debts
        Lease liabilities
        Long-term payables
        Long-term employee remunerations payable
        Provisions                                                      178,721,488.20        209,996,937.78
        Deferred income                                                  24,300,098.28         25,184,678.45
        Deferred tax liabilities
        Other non-current liabilities

       Total non-current liabilities                                    203,021,586.48        235,181,616.23

       Total liabilities                                                849,543,551.40     1,121,117,569.06

       Shareholders’ equity:
         Share capital                                                1,362,725,370.00     1,362,725,370.00
         Other equity instruments
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Capital reserve                                              2,276,770,725.22     2,271,399,045.35
         Less: Treasury shares
         Other comprehensive income                                      -1,699,624.23           8,168,968.22
         Special reserves
         Surplus reserves                                               681,362,685.00       681,362,685.00
         Undistributed profit                                         4,986,235,440.95     3,241,538,883.32

       Total shareholders’ equity                                     9,305,394,596.94     7,565,194,951.89

       Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                    10,154,938,148.34     8,686,312,520.95




                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   109
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                   Note                2022                2021

        I.     Total operating revenue                                                 74,115,151,039.29   67,562,603,666.81
               Including: Operating revenue                                    VI.45   74,115,151,039.29   67,562,603,666.81
                          Interest income
                          Insurance premium earned
                          Income from handling fees and commission

        II.    Total operating costs                                                   71,261,426,810.30   65,691,393,364.71
               Including: Operating costs                                      VI.45   58,783,119,200.03   54,250,065,251.13
                          Interest expenses
                          Handling fees and commission expenses
                          Refunded premiums
                          Net amount of compensation payout
                          Net amount of insurance contract reserves
                          provided
                          Policyholder dividend expenses
                          Reinsurance premium expenses
                          Taxes and surcharges                                 VI.46      479,236,001.09      399,106,248.38
                          Sales expenses                                       VI.47    8,070,720,273.85    7,672,002,974.36
                          Management expenses                                  VI.48    1,821,201,420.18    1,326,886,898.17
                          Research and development expenses                    VI.49   2, 289,313,746.54    1,986,668,028.13
                          Financial expenses                                   VI.50     -182,163,831.39       56,663,964.54
                          Including: Interest expense                                      88,136,778.11       40,547,610.76
                                      Interest income                                      79,204,113.83       81,915,216.18
                          Add: Other income                                    VI.51      402,784,997.75      413,902,690.78
                                Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)      VI.52      512,712,041.01      507,115,258.30
                                Including: Share of profit of associates and
                                joint ventures                                           253,464,775.11      150,205,515.55
                                Income from derecognition of financial
                                assets at amortised cost                                   -8,626,472.16
                                Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed
                                with “-“)
                                Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed
                                with “-”)
                                Gain from changes in fair values (loss
                                expressed with “-”)                            VI.53       22,522,221.59       34,055,721.68
                                Impairment losses on credit (loss
                                expressed with “-“)                            VI.54     -150,871,087.49        9,779,279.79
                                Impairment losses on assets (loss
                                expressed with “-“)                            VI.55     -275,152,336.56      -61,428,800.86
                                Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed
                                with “-”)                                      VI.56        1,384,257.12        6,261,684.40

        III. Operating profits (loss denoted by “–”)                                    3,367,104,322.41    2,780,896,136.19
             Add: Non-operating incomes                                        VI.57      531,249,812.33      191,496,961.57
             Less: Non-operating expenses                                      VI.58       74,544,406.53       55,856,093.22

        IV. Total profit (total loss denoted by “–”)                                    3,823,809,728.21    2,916,537,004.54
            Less: Income tax expenses                                          VI.59      754,575,397.82      573,736,027.17

        V.     Net profits (net loss denoted by “–”)                                    3,069,234,330.39    2,342,800,977.37
               (1) Classified on a going concern basis
                   1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
                   denoted by “-”)                                                      3,069,234,330.39    2,342,800,977.37
                   2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                   denoted by “-”)
               (2) Classified by ownership of equity
                   1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent             1,434,904,374.84      972,581,491.39
                   2. Profit and loss of minority interests                             1,634,329,955.55    1,370,219,485.98

110   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                               Note               2022                         2021

       VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                20,116,688.31            74,466,916.41
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
           owners of the parent, net                                      VI.60     27,697,446.93            55,991,705.15
           (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss
              1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
              benefit plan
              2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                 transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
              3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
              investment
              4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
              risk
              5. Others
           (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                         27,697,446.93            55,991,705.15
              1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                 gains and
                 losses under the equity method                                      -9,868,592.45          -13,361,344.65
              2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
              3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                 comprehensive income
              4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
              investment
              5. Cash flow hedge reserve
              6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
              financial statements                                                  21,841,340.30            50,556,528.80
              7. Others                                                             15,724,699.08            18,796,521.00
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
           minority interests, net                                                   -7,580,758.62           18,475,211.26

       VII. Total comprehensive income                                            3,089,351,018.70        2,417,267,893.78
            Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of
            the parent                                                            1,462,601,821.77        1,028,573,196.54
            Total comprehensive income attributable to minority
            interests                                                             1,626,749,196.93        1,388,694,697.24

       VIII. Earnings per share:
             (1) Basic earnings per share                                                     1.05                        0.71
             (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                   1.05                        0.71



Legal representative: Dai Hui Zhong Chief financial officer: Gao Yu Ling Accounting supervisor: Zhou Min




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   111
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                              Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                   Note               2022               2021

        I.     Total operating revenue                                         XVI.4   4,566,323,538.63   2,928,937,973.54
               Less: Operating costs                                           XVI.4   4,449,171,331.84   2,723,681,658.18
                     Taxes and surcharges                                                  8,604,565.88       9,919,099.94
                     Sales expenses                                                       33,287,521.30      19,151,897.79
                     Management expenses                                                  50,876,273.86      32,628,917.61
                     Research and development expenses                                    88,312,323.82
                     Financial expenses                                                  -15,865,368.94       2,351,005.82
                     Including: Interest expense
                                Interest income                                           15,584,374.82       1,859,769.34
               Add: Other income                                                           7,767,149.37      34,958,158.04
                     Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                 XVI.5   2,076,760,486.31   1,136,384,181.42
                     Including: Share of profit of associates and joint
                                ventures                                                 76,185,459.11      61,799,401.80
                     Income from derecognition of financial assets at
                       amortised cost (loss expresses with “-”)
                     Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                     Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed
                       with “-”)                                                           6,957,814.12       5,124,114.05
                     Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-“)                       -57.30         228,800.53
                     Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-“)
                     Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                  -649,996.97         969,354.85

        II.    Operating profits (loss denoted by “–”)                                 2,042,772,286.40   1,318,870,003.09
               Add: Non-operating incomes                                                  2,672,320.88      13,778,676.10
               Less: Non-operating expenses                                               -4,107,301.86      -3,477,597.99

        III. Total profit (total loss denoted by “–”)                                  2,049,551,909.14   1,336,126,277.18
             Less: Income tax expenses                                                    13,232,122.33       4,392,824.99

        IV. Net profits (net loss denoted by “–”)                                      2,036,319,786.81   1,331,733,452.19
            (1) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss denoted
                by “-”)                                                                2,036,319,786.81   1,331,733,452.19
            (2) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                denoted by “-”)

        V.     Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                  -9,868,592.45     -13,361,344.65
               (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss
                   1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                      benefit plan
                   2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                      transferred
                      to profit or loss under the equity method
                   3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                      investment
                   4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own
                      credit risk
                   5. Others
               (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                           -9,868,592.45     -13,361,344.65
                   1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                      gains and losses under the equity method                            -9,868,592.45     -13,361,344.65
                   2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                   3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                      comprehensive income
                   4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                      investment
                   5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                   6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
                      financial statements
                   7. Others

        VI. Total comprehensive income                                                 2,026,451,194.36   1,318,372,107.54

        VII. Earnings per share:
             (1) Basic earnings per share
             (2) Diluted earnings per share



112   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

       Item                                                        Note                2022                         2021

       I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
           Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
             services                                                      62,823,645,913.67    57,155,772,826.25
           Net increase in customer deposits and interbank
             deposits
           Net increase in borrowings from central bank
           Net increase in placements from other financial
             institutions
           Cash received from original insurance contracts
           Net cash received from reinsurance business
           Net increase in deposits and investments from
             policyholders
           Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
           Net increase in placements from banks and other
             financial institutions
           Net increase in repurchase business capital
           Net income from trading securities as broker
           Tax rebates received                                             2,840,857,200.86     2,665,789,200.94
           Cash received relating to other operating activities    VI.61    1,109,238,380.91       812,145,543.27
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                  66,773,741,495.44    60,633,707,570.46
           Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt
             of services                                                   43,339,657,470.36    40,720,746,123.28
           Net increase in loans and advances to customers
           Net increase in deposits with central bank and other
             banks
           Cash paid for compensation under original insurance
             contract
           Net increase in placements from banks and other
             financial institutions
           Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
           Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
           Cash paid to and for employees                                   7,609,951,472.32     5,339,763,922.69
           Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                               3,497,879,527.00     2,627,954,941.49
           Cash paid relating to other operating activities        VI.61    8,293,870,423.38     7,631,461,822.73
       Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                 62,741,358,893.06    56,319,926,810.19
       Net cash flows from operating activities                             4,032,382,602.38     4,313,780,760.27

       II. Cash flows from investing activities:
           Cash received from recovery of investments                          1,433,047.36          66,880,000.00
           Cash received from investment income                              369,724,329.33         119,513,503.80
           Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets,
             intangible assets and other long-term assets                     94,264,844.17            3,610,940.34
           Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and
             other operation units                                             56,397,893.44
           Cash received relating to other investing activities    VI.61   21,961,943,503.77    17,354,421,482.62
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                  22,483,763,618.07    17,544,425,926.76
           Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
             assets and other long-term assets                               883,484,663.15      1,107,184,835.53
           Cash paid for investments
           Net increase in pledged loans
           Cash paid for acquiring subsidiaries and other
             operation units

            Cash paid relating to other investing activities       VI.61   24,197,924,915.84    20,860,529,612.29
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                 25,081,409,578.99    21,967,714,447.82
       Net cash flows from investing activities                            -2,597,645,960.92    -4,423,288,521.06

                                                                                               Annual Report 2022    113
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                        Note                2022               2021

        III. Cash flows from financing activities:
             Cash received from capital contribution                                              28,912,000.00
             Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from
               minority shareholders’ investment                                                   28,912,000.00
             Cash received from borrowings                                  1,477,880,104.85    3,477,593,820.11
             Cash received relating to other financing activities   VI.61   1,870,814,936.91    2,414,063,276.36
        Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                  3,348,695,041.76    5,920,569,096.47
             Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                          2,849,975,160.00    2,660,566,197.06
             Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or
               payment of interest expenses                                 1,774,385,315.87    1,682,855,968.02
             Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority
               shareholders by subsidiaries                                  1,409,731,660.84   1,162,522,685.53
             Cash paid relating to other financing activities       VI.61      502,966,072.75     102,224,203.87
        Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                  5,127,326,548.62   4,445,646,368.95
        Net cash flows from financing activities                            -1,778,631,506.86   1,474,922,727.52

        IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash
            and cash equivalents                                              -56,935,853.88    -103,440,744.31

        V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                     -400,830,719.28    1,261,974,222.42
               Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
                    beginning of the period                                 2,879,176,794.68    1,617,202,572.26

        VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of
            the period                                                      2,478,346,075.40    2,879,176,794.68




114   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


6.     CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                                      2022                         2021

       I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
            Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services                 22,545,277.59          61,749,946.65
            Tax rebates received                                                        15,469,921.16               6,750.00
            Cash received relating to other operating activities                       206,730,356.16         143,620,448.78
       Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                              244,745,554.91         205,377,145.43
            Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of labor services        20,876,561.99
            Cash paid to and for employees                                             107,652,074.41          78,465,898.74
            Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                          16,344,508.90          19,250,273.22
            Cash paid relating to other operating activities                           197,377,874.27          64,706,830.69
       Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                              342,251,019.57         162,423,002.65
       Net cash flows from operating activities                                        -97,505,464.66          42,954,142.78

       II.  Cash flow from investing activities:
            Cash received from recovery of investments                                                        66,880,000.00
            Cash received from investment income                                      1,277,839,257.40     1,074,584,782.12
            Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible assets and
              other long-term assets                                                          3,850.00
            Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other operation
              units
            Cash received relating to other investing activities                      2,619,152,994.95     2,485,000,000.00
       Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                             3,896,996,102.35     3,626,464,782.12
            Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and other
              long-term assets                                                          15,564,732.91            3,501,780.74
            Cash paid for investments                                                   34,053,075.00
            Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other operation units
            Cash paid relating to other investing activities                          3,439,793,757.41     3,285,000,000.00
       Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                            3,489,411,565.32     3,288,501,780.74
       Net cash flows from investing activities                                         407,584,537.03       337,963,001.38

       III. Cash flows from financing activities:
            Cash received from capital contribution
            Cash received from borrowings
            Cash received relating to other financing activities
       Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities
            Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
            Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of interest
              expenses                                                                 291,623,229.18         472,865,703.39
            Cash paid relating to other financing activities
       Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                             291,623,229.18         472,865,703.39
       Net cash flows from financing activities                                       -291,623,229.18        -472,865,703.39

       IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
           equivalents

       V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 18,455,843.19         -91,948,559.23
              Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the
                   period                                                               65,854,079.72         157,802,638.95

       VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                84,309,922.91          65,854,079.72




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022    115
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


7.      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

        Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                              2022
                                                                                                                                                         Attributable to the owners of the parent
                                Item                                                                                                                                             Other
                                                                 Share capital                     Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                          General risk Undistributed                                        Minority           Total
                                                                                   Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves     provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal         interests owners’ equity


        I. Closing balance of previous year             1,362,725,370.00                                                              2,069,245,101.87                    93,569,998.57                    711,971,309.99                6,104,843,404.90            10,342,355,185.33 5,248,896,051.45 15,591,251,236.78
           Add: Changes in accounting policies
                Correction for error in previous period
                Business combination involving entities
                  under common control
                Other


        II. Opening balance for the year                        1,362,725,370.00                                                      2,069,245,101.87                    93,569,998.57                    711,971,309.99                6,104,843,404.90            10,342,355,185.33 5,248,896,051.45 15,591,251,236.78


        III. Movements in the current period
              (Decreases denoted in “–”)                                                                                                  4,923,503.62                    27,697,446.93                                                  1,143,281,145.66            1,175,902,096.21 -488,388,301.75 687,513,794.46
              (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                              27,697,446.93                                                  1,434,904,374.84            1,462,601,821.77 1,626,749,196.93 3,089,351,018.70
              (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                  reductions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              31,244,006.36 31,244,006.36
                 1. Ordinary shares contributed by
                    shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          63,535,535.74 63,535,535.74
                 2. Capital contributions by holders of other
                    equity instruments
                 3. Amount of share-based payment
                    included
                    in shareholders’ equity
                 4. Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                -32,291,529.38 -32,291,529.38
            (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                      -291,623,229.18              -291,623,229.18 -2,146,822,112.48 -2,438,445,341.66
                 1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
                 2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
                 3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                -291,623,229.18              -291,623,229.18 -2,146,822,112.48 -2,438,445,341.66
                 4. Other
            (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                 1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from capital reserve
                 2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from surplus reserve
                 3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                 4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                    carried
                    forward to retained earnings
                 5. Other comprehensive income carried
                    forward
                    to retained earnings
                 6. Others
            (5) Special reserves
                 1. Provided during the period
                 2. Used during the period
            (6) Other                                                                                                                     4,923,503.62                                                                                                                   4,923,503.62        440,607.44      5,364,111.06


        IV. Closing balance for the period                      1,362,725,370.00                                                      2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,124,550.56            11,518,257,281.54 4,760,507,749.70 16,278,765,031.24

116   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                              2021
                                                                                                                                                         Attributable to the owners of the parent
                               Item                                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                 Share capital                     Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                          General risk Undistributed                                        Minority           Total
                                                                                   Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves     provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal         interests owners’ equity


       I. Closing balance for previous period          1,362,725,370.00                                                               2,061,712,990.12                    37,578,293.42                    692,802,893.38                5,624,296,033.51            9,779,115,580.43 4,627,403,458.10 14,406,519,038.53
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Business combination involving entities
                 under common control
               Other


       II. Opening balance for the period                       1,362,725,370.00                                                      2,061,712,990.12                    37,578,293.42                    692,802,893.38                5,624,296,033.51            9,779,115,580.43 4,627,403,458.10 14,406,519,038.53


       III. Movements in the current period
              (Decreases denoted in “–”)                                                                                                  7,532,111.75                    55,991,705.15                     19,168,416.61                 480,547,371.39               563,239,604.90 621,492,593.35 1,184,732,198.25
            (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                55,991,705.15                                                   972,581,491.39             1,028,573,196.54 1,388,694,697.24 2,417,267,893.78
            (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reduction                                                                                                                                                                                                                             393,728,035.02 393,728,035.02
                 1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                                                                                                                                                                                                                                28,912,000.00 28,912,000.00
                 2. Capital contributions by holders of other
                    equity instruments
                 3. Amount of share-based payment
                    included
                    in shareholders’ equity
                 4. Other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                364,816,035.02 364,816,035.02
            (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                         19,168,416.61                -492,034,120.00              -472,865,703.39 -1,162,522,685.53 -1,635,388,388.92
                 1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                                       19,168,416.61                 -19,168,416.61
                 2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
                 3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                -472,865,703.39              -472,865,703.39 -1,162,522,685.53 -1,635,388,388.92
                 4. Other
       (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                 1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from capital reserve
                 2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from surplus reserve
                 3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                 4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                    carried
                   forward to retained earnings
                5. Other comprehensive income carried
                   forward
                   to retained earnings
                6. Others
           (5) Special reserves
                1. Provided during the period
                2. Used during the period
           (6) Other                                                                                                                      7,532,111.75                                                                                                                   7,532,111.75      1,592,546.62      9,124,658.37


       IV. Closing balance for the period                       1,362,725,370.00                                                      2,069,245,101.87                    93,569,998.57                    711,971,309.99                6,104,843,404.90            10,342,355,185.33 5,248,896,051.45 15,591,251,236.78




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022                             117
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


8.      STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

        Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                      2022
                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                               Other
                               Item
                                                                Share capital    Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                     Total
                                                                                     shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits     Other owners’ equity

        I. Closing balance in previous period           1,362,725,370.00                                                2,271,399,045.35                   8,168,968.22                 681,362,685.00 3,241,538,883.32         7,565,194,951.89
           Add: Changes in accounting policies
                Correction for error in previous period
                Other

        II. Opening balance for the period                    1,362,725,370.00                                          2,271,399,045.35                   8,168,968.22                 681,362,685.00 3,241,538,883.32         7,565,194,951.89

        III. Movements in the current period
              (Decreases denoted in “–”)                                                                                    5,371,679.87                  -9,868,592.45                                1,744,696,557.63         1,740,199,645.05
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                               -9,868,592.45                                2,036,319,786.81         2,026,451,194.36
             (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
               reductions
                  1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners
                  2. Capital contributions by holders of
                     other equity instruments
                  3. Amount of share-based payment
                     included
                     in shareholders’ equity
                  4. Other
             (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                    -291,623,229.18          -291,623,229.18
                  1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
                  2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                              -291,623,229.18          -291,623,229.18
                  3. Other
             (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                  1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from capital reserve
                  2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from surplus reserve
                  3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                  4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                     plan carried forward to retained
                     earnings
                  5. Other comprehensive income carried
                     forward to retained earnings
                  6. Others
             (5) Special reserves
                  1. Provided during the period
                  2. Used during the period
             (6) Other                                                                                                      5,371,679.87                                                                                            5,371,679.87

        IV. Closing balance for the period                    1,362,725,370.00                                          2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95         9,305,394,596.94




118   Annual Report 2022
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                     2021
                                                                                       Other equity instruments                                               Other
                              Item
                                                               Share capital    Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                     Total
                                                                                    shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits     Other owners’ equity

       I. Closing balance in previous period           1,362,725,370.00                                                2,268,615,818.52                  21,530,312.87                 662,194,268.39 2,401,839,551.13         6,716,905,320.91
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Other

       II. Opening balance for the period                    1,362,725,370.00                                          2,268,615,818.52                  21,530,312.87                 662,194,268.39 2,401,839,551.13         6,716,905,320.91

       III. Movements in the current period
             (Decreases denoted in “–”)                                                                                    2,783,226.83                 -13,361,344.65                  19,168,416.61 839,699,332.19             848,289,630.98
            (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                              -13,361,344.65                                1,331,733,452.19         1,318,372,107.54
            (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
              reductions
                 1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners
                 2. Capital contributions by holders of
                    other equity instruments
                 3. Amount of share-based payment
                    included
                    in shareholders’ equity
                 4. Other
            (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                     19,168,416.61 -492,034,120.00           -472,865,703.39
                 1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                   19,168,416.61 -19,168,416.61
                 2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                             -472,865,703.39           -472,865,703.39
                 3. Other
            (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                 1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from capital reserve
                 2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from surplus reserve
                 3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                 4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                    plan carried forward to retained
                    earnings
                 5. Other comprehensive income carried
                    forward to retained earnings
                 6. Others
            (5) Special reserves
                 1. Provided during the period
                 2. Used during the period
            (6) Other                                                                                                      2,783,226.83                                                                                            2,783,226.83

       IV. Closing balance for the period                    1,362,725,370.00                                          2,271,399,045.35                   8,168,968.22                 681,362,685.00 3,241,538,883.32         7,565,194,951.89




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022            119
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


1.      COMPANY PROFILE

        Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when
        including subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River factory (廣東順德珠江冰箱
        廠) was established in 1984 . After the restructuring into a joint stock limited company in December 1992,
        the Company was renamed as Guangdong Kelon Electrical Holdings Company Limited. The Company’s
        459,589,808 overseas listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
        Limited on 23 July 1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic shares
        (the “A Shares”), which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

        In October 2001 and March 2002, the former single largest shareholder of the Company, Guangdong Kelon
        (Ronshen) Group Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as “Ronshen Group”, which previously held
        34.06% interest in the Company) entered into a share transfer agreement and a supplemental agreement with
        Shunde Greencool Enterprise Development Company Limited (which was renamed as “Guangdong Greencool
        Enterprises Development Company Limited in 2004, hereinafter referred to as “Guangdong Greencool”), in
        connection with the transfer of 20.64% of the total share capital of the Company to Guangdong Greencool
        by Ronshen Group. In April 2002, Ronshen Group transferred its shareholding of 6.92%, 0.71% and 5.79%
        of the total share capital of the Company to Shunde Economic Consultancy Company, Shunde Dong Heng
        Development Company Limited and Shunde Xin Hong Enterprise Company Limited, respectively. After the
        abovementioned share transfers, Ronshen Group, the former single largest shareholder of the Company, no
        longer held shares of the Company.

        On 14 October 2004, 5.79% of the total share capital of the Company held by Shunde Xin Hong Enterprise
        Company was transferred to Guangdong Greencool. Upon completion of the share transfer, the percentage of
        total share capital of the Company held by Guangdong Greencool increased to 26.43%.

        On 13 December 2006, 26.43% of the total share capital of the Company held by Guangdong Greencool
        Enterprises Development Company Limited was transferred to Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company
        Limited (“Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning”). Upon completion of the share transfer, Guangdong Greencool,
        the former single largest shareholder of the Company, no long held shares of the Company.

        The Company’s share reform scheme was approved on the A shareholders’ meeting on 29 January 2007 and
        approved by the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC on 22 March 2007. The shareholding of Qingdao Hisense
        Air-Conditioning, the largest shareholder of the Company, was changed to 23.63% after the scheme. On 20
        June 2007, the name of the Company was changed from “Guangdong Kelon Electrical Holdings Company
        Limited” to “Hisense Kelon Electrical Holdings Company Limited”.

        Since 2008, Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning has successively increased the shareholding of the Company
        through secondary market. At the end of 2009, Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning held 25.22% of the total
        share capital of the Company.

        In accordance with the resolutions of the fourth interim general meeting of the Company held on 31 August
        2009, and as approved by China Securities Regulatory Commission with the “Letter of Reply Concerning the
        Approval for the Major Asset Restructuring of Hisense Kelon Electrical Holdings Company Limited and the
        Acquisition of Assets through Issuance of Shares to Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited
        (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No. 329)”, and the “Letter of Reply Concerning the Approval for the Announcement
        by Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited of the Acquisition Report of Hisense Kelon Electrical
        Holdings Company Limited and the Waiver of its General Offer Obligation (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010] No.
        330)” dated 23 March 2010, the Company was permitted to issue 362,048,187 ordinary shares (A shares) in
        Renminbi to Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning (as a specific party), to fund the acquisition of 100% equity
        interests in Hisense (Shandong) Air-Conditioner Co., Ltd., 51% equity interests in Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-
        Conditioner Co., Ltd., 49% equity interests in Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.
        (“Hisense Hitachi”), 55% equity interests in Hisense (Beijing) Electrical Co., Ltd., 78.70% equity interests in
        Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd. and the white goods marketing businesses and assets including refrigerators
        and airconditioners of Qingdao Hisense Marketing Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Marketing”).

        In 2010, the connected transaction in relation to the acquisition of assets by way of share (A share) issue by
        the Company to a specific party was completed. On 10 June 2010, the Company issued 362,048,187 additional
        A shares to Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning under seasoned offering. On 30 June 2010, the registered
        capital of the Company changed from RMB992,006,563.00 to RMB1,354,054,750.00.

        On 18 June 2013, 612,221,909 restricted A shares of the Company held by Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning
        were no longer subject to selling moratorium and were listed for trading.

120   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


1.    COMPANY PROFILE (continued)

      On 23 May 2014, upon the satisfaction of the conditions to the first exercise period of the First Share Option
      Incentive Scheme of the Company and after approval by and registration with the Shenzhen branch of China
      Government Securities Depository Trust & Clearing Co. Ltd., an additional of 4,440,810 new shares issued
      upon the exercise of options were approved for listing.

      On 19 June 2015, upon the satisfaction of the conditions to the second exercise period of the First Share
      Option Incentive Scheme of the Company and after approval by and registration with the Shenzhen branch of
      China Government Securities Depository Trust & Clearing Co. Ltd., an additional of 4,229,810 new shares
      issued upon the exercise of options were approved for listing.

      On 10 October 2018, the name of the Company changed from Hisense Kelon Electrical Holdings Company
      Limited to Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd..

      As at 31 December 2021, the total number of shares of the Company was 1,362,725,370 and the registered
      share capital of the Company was RMB1,362,725,370.00; of which, the shareholding of the Company held by
      Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning was 37.92%.

      Scope of operations of the Company:

      General: Research and development of household electrical appliances; manufacture of household electrical
      appliances; sale of household electrical appliances; sale of spare parts for household electrical appliances;
      installation services for household electrical appliances; manufacture of refrigeration and air-conditioning
      equipment; sale of refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment; sale of household goods; retail sale of daily
      household appliances; repair of daily household electrical appliances; manufacture of consumer equipment
      for smart homes; sale of consumer equipment for smart homes; manufacture of consumer equipment for smart
      homes; sale of consumer equipment for smart homes; manufacture of mechanical and electrical equipment;
      sale of mechanical and electrical equipment; manufacture of moulds; sale of moulds; information systems
      integration services; internet sales (except sales of goods requiring a licence); sales of Internet of Things
      equipment; sales of electronic products; sales of Class I medical devices; sales of Class II medical devices;
      ticketing agency services; furniture installation and repair services; housekeeping services; health consultation
      services (excluding consultation services); advertising; import and export of goods; software development;
      software sales; technical services, technical development, technical consultation, technical exchange,
      technical transfer, technical promotion. (Except for special projects that are subject to approval by law, the
      business license shall be used to carry out business activities independently in accordance with the law)
      Permitted items: Internet sales of foodstuffs; electrical installation services; catering services; type II value-
      added telecommunications services; internet information services for medical devices. (Projects that require
      approval according to law may only commence business activities after approval by the relevant departments,
      and specific business projects are subject to the approval of the relevant departments or permits)

      Place of registration of the Company: No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui, Shunde, Foshan, Guangdong Province.

      Address of headquarters: No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui, Shunde, Foshan, Guangdong Province.

2.    SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      For details of major subsidiaries included in the scope of consolidation financial statements by the Group,
      please refer to Note 8. 1. As compared to previous year, Sanden Corporation and other companies were
      reduced during this period. For details, please refer to “7. Change in scope of consolidation” to this note and “8.
      Interests in Other Entities” to this note.

3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      (1)    Basis of preparation

             The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on going-concern and actual transactions
             and events according to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and relevant regulations,
             and the relevant disclosure required by the “Companies Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing
             Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, and prepared based on with the accounting policies and
             accounting assumptions set out in “4. Major Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates” in this
             note.


                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   121
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


3.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        (2)      Going-concern

                 The Group has the going-concern ability, and there is no significant event that has impact on such
                 ability within at least 12 months since the end of the reporting period.

4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

        Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates: The accounting policies and accounting estimates
        developed by the Group according to characteristics of actual production and operation include business
        cycle, impairment of financial asset, the measurement of inventory dispatched, fixed assets classification and
        depreciation methods, amortization of intangible assets, conditions for capitalizing R&D expenses, recognition
        and measurement of incomes, etc.

        1.       Declaration on Compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

                 The Company have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the Accounting Standards for
                 Business Enterprises (the “ASBEs”), which gives a true and complete view of the financial position,
                 trading results, cash flows and other information of the Company and of the Group.

        2.       Accounting period

                 The Group adopts a calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting
                 period.

        3.       Business cycle

                 The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification
                 between assets and liabilities.

        4.       Reporting currency

                 Renminbi (RMB) is the currency in the primary economic environment in which the Company and
                 its domestic subsidiaries operate. The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their
                 reporting currencies. The overseas subsidiaries of the Company adopt the Hong Kong dollar or Euro
                 or Japanese Yen or MXN as their respective reporting currencies depending on the currency in the
                 primary economic environment where they operate. RMB is the functional currency adopted by the
                 Company in preparing these financial statements.

        5.       Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under common and not under
                 common control

                 The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination are
                 measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged party in the consolidated statement of
                 ultimate controller. The difference between the carrying amount of net assets obtained and the carrying
                 amount of the combination consideration paid shall adjust capital reserve; if the capital reserve is not
                 sufficient for offsetting, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.

                 T h e a c q u i r e e’s i d e n t i f i a b l e a s s e t s, l i a b i l i t i e s a n d c o n t i n g e n t l i a b i l i t i e s o b t a i n e d i n a b u s i n e s s
                 combination not under common control shall be measured at fair value at the acquisition date. The
                 cost of combination is the sum of the fair value of cash and non-cash assets paid, liabilities incurred
                 or assumed and equity securities issued by the Group for obtaining control of the acquiree at the
                 acquisition date and all expenses incurred directly in the business combination (for the business
                 combination is achieved in stages through multiple transactions, its cost of combination is the sum of
                 costs of each single transaction). Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of the fair
                 value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognized as goodwill; where the cost
                 of combination is less than the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets,
                 the measurement of the fair values of all the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
                 obtained in the business combination and the fair values of non-cash assets or equity securities issued
                 as the consideration for combination are firstly reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination
                 is still less than the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the
                 business combination, the difference shall be included in the consolidated non-operating revenue for
                 the period.



122   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      6.     Preparation of consolidated financial statements

             The Group includes all of its subsidiaries under its control in the scope of consolidated financial
             statements.

             When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy and the accounting
             period that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to
             the financial statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policies or accounting period
             of the Company.

             When preparing consolidated financial statements, all significant internal transactions, balances and
             unrealized profits within the scope of combination shall be offset. Proportion of shareholder’s equity
             of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of profit or loss for current
             period, other comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which belong to the equity
             of minority shareholders, which shall be listed under “equity of minority shareholders, gain or loss
             attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive income attributable to minor shareholders and
             total comprehensive income attributable to the minority shareholders” in the consolidated financial
             statements.

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results
             and cash flows of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the
             beginning of the period of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements,
             adjustment shall be made to the related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding
             as the reporting subject which was formed after combination has existed since the ultimate controller
             started control.

             Shareholding acquired through different transactions in stages and obtained shareholding of the
             investee under common control and finally become business combination, when preparing consolidated
             financial statements, the acquiree shall be regarded as the ultimate controller started the control and
             adjustment was made under current status. When preparing comparative financial statements, time
             limit is the time which not earlier than the Group and the acquiree are both under the control of
             ultimate controller, related assets and liabilities of the acquiree shall be included into the comparative
             statements of the consolidated financial statements of the Group, and net assets increased due to
             combination adjusted related items under shareholder’s equity in the comparative statements. In order
             to prevent double calculation of the value of net assets of the acquiree, for long-term equity investment
             held by the Group before combination, from the date of obtaining original shareholding and the date
             on which the Group and the acquiree are under the same control, whichever is later, to the date of
             combination, the related profit or loss recognised, other comprehensive income and other change in
             assets, shall be written off retained earnings at the beginning of the comparative period and profit or
             loss for current period.

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results
             and cash flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained
             its control. When preparing consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial
             statements of the subsidiaries using the fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
             liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of acquisition.

             Shareholding acquired through different transactions in stages and obtained shareholding of the
             investee under common control and finally become business combination, when preparing consolidated
             financial statements, for shareholding of the acquiree which was holding before the date of acquisition,
             have to be re-measured according to the fair value of such shareholding on the date of acquisition,
             difference between the fair value and the carrying value shall be included as the investment income for
             current period. Other comprehensive income involving equity calculated under equity method which
             it holds before the related date of acquisition, and change in equity of other shareholders, besides net
             profit or loss, other comprehensive income and profit distribution, and change to investment profit or
             loss during the period which date of acquisition belong, except other comprehensive income incurred
             by the change in net liabilities or net assets from the newly measured defined benefit plan.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   123
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        6.       Preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

                 Proceeds from disposal of part of the equity investment in the subsidiaries without losing control and
                 the disposal of long-term equity investment should enjoy the difference between the proportion of
                 net assets calculated from the date of acquisition or date of combination in the consolidated financial
                 statements, and adjust the share premium. In case the capital reserve is insufficient for offset, retained
                 earnings will be adjusted.

                 When the Group loss control in the acquiree due to reasons such as disposal of part of the equity
                 investment, remaining shareholding will be re-measured based on the fair value on the date of loss
                 of control when preparing the consolidated financial statements. The sum of proceeds obtained from
                 the disposal of equity and fair value of the remaining shareholding, and less the difference of the
                 proportion of net assets of the subsidiary calculated from the date of acquisition or combination
                 according to the original shareholding proportion, and included into the investment profit or loss of
                 loss of control for current period, and also goodwill will be written off. Other comprehensive income
                 related to the original equity investment in the subsidiary, will be changed to investment profit or loss
                 for current period upon loss of control.

                 For loss of control by the Group through different transactions and disposed shareholding in
                 subsidiaries in stages, in case when each transaction that the Group loss control through disposal
                 of shareholding in subsidiaries belongs to a series of transactions, accounting treatment for each
                 transaction shall be treated as one transaction which involves disposal of subsidiary with loss of
                 control. However, the difference between the proceeds for each disposal before loss of control and the
                 proportion of net assets corresponding to the disposal of such subsidiary shall be recognised as other
                 comprehensive income in the consolidated financial statements, and transfer to investment profit or
                 loss of loss of control for current period upon loss of control.

        7.       Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

                 Joint arrangement of the Group includes joint operation and joint venture. As for joint operation
                 projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises assets and liabilities
                 that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds or assume in
                 proportion, and related income and fees will be recognised according to the related agreed individual
                 or in proportion assets and liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or sale under joint
                 operation that do not constitute business, only when profit or loss incurred from that transaction
                 attributable to the other parties under the joint operation.

        8.       Cash and cash equivalents

                 Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank
                 available for payment at any time. Cash equivalents cash flow statement are terms which are less than
                 three months, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and
                 subject to an insignificant risk of value change.

        9.       Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                (1)        Foreign currency transactions

                           For foreign currency transactions of the Group, the amount in foreign currency shall be
                           translated into RMB at the approximate exchange rate of the spot exchange rate at the date
                           when the transactions take place. As at the balance sheet date, foreign currency monetary items
                           are translated into RMB using the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Translation
                           differences arising thereon are directly included in the profit or loss for the period, except that
                           exchange differences arising from specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the
                           construction or production of a qualifying asset for capitalization are dealt with based on the
                           capitalization principle.




124   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      9.     Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency (continued)

             (2)   Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                    Asset and liability items in the balance sheet denominated in foreign currency are translated
                    at the spot rate prevailing at the balance sheet date. The owners’ equity items, except for the
                    “undistributed profits”, are translated at the approximate exchange rate of the spot exchange rate
                    when a business takes place. Income and expense items in the income statement are translated at
                    the spot exchange rate at the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences
                    arising from the above translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented
                    in other comprehensive income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated
                    using the approximate exchange rate of the spot rate at the date when the cash flow occurs.
                    Effects on cash arising from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash
                    flow statement.

      10.    Financial assets and financial liabilities

             The Group recognizes a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the
             contractual provisions of a financial instrument.

             (1)   Financial assets

                    1)     Classification, recognition and measurement of financial assets

                           The Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at amortized cost, financial
                           assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value
                           through profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial assets and
                           the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets.

                           The Group will classify financial assets that meet the following conditions into financial
                           assets measured at amortized cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a business
                           model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; and ② the
                           contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
                           are solely the payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                           Such financial assets are initially measured at fair value with related transaction costs
                           to be included in the initial recognition amount, and are subsequently measured at
                           amortized cost. For those financial assets that are not part of any hedging relationship,
                           the amortization, impairment, exchange gains or losses and gains or losses arising upon
                           derecognition are included in the profit or loss for the period.

                           The Group will classify financial assets that meet the following conditions into financial
                           assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets are
                           managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting
                           contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the
                           financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                           principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Such financial assets are
                           initially measured at fair value with related transaction costs to be included in the initial
                           recognition amount. All gains or losses arising from those financial assets that are not
                           part of any hedging relationship, other than credit impairment losses or gains, exchange
                           gains or losses and interest on such financial assets calculated using the effective
                           interest method, are recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition
                           of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or losses previously included in other
                           comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included in the profit or loss for
                           the period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   125
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        10.      Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                (1)        Financial assets (continued)

                           1)     Classification, recognition and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                                  The Group recognizes interest income using the effective interest method. Interest
                                  income is calculated and determined by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying
                                  balance of the financial asset, except: ①for the purchased or internally generated credit-
                                  impaired financial assets, their interest income is calculated and determined based on
                                  amortized cost and credit-adjusted effective interest rate of such financial assets since the
                                  initial recognition; ②for the purchased or internally generated financial assets without
                                  credit-impairment but subsequently becoming credit-impaired, their interest income is
                                  calculated and determined based on amortized costs and effective interest rate of such
                                  financial assets in subsequent periods.

                                  The Group designates investments in non-trading equity instruments as financial assets
                                  carried at fair value through other comprehensive income. Such designation, once made,
                                  cannot be revoked. Investments in non-trading equity instruments designated by the
                                  Group as at fair value through other comprehensive income are initially measured at fair
                                  value, with related transaction costs included in the amount initially recognized. Except
                                  for dividends received (other than those recovered as part of investment costs), which
                                  are included in profit or loss for the period, all other related gains and losses (including
                                  foreign exchange gains and losses) are included in other comprehensive income and are
                                  not subsequently transferred to profit or loss. When it is derecognised, the cumulative
                                  gain or loss previously included in other comprehensive income is transferred out of
                                  other comprehensive income and included in retained earnings.

                                  Other than the above financial assets measured at amortized cost and financial assets
                                  classified as at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group classifies its
                                  financial assets as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. Such financial assets
                                  are initially measured at fair value with related transaction costs to be directly included
                                  in profit or loss for the period. Gains or losses on such financial assets are included in
                                  profit or loss for the period.

                           2)     Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                                  The Group derecognizes financial assets if one of the following conditions is satisfied:
                                  ① the contractual rights to collect the cash flows from the financial asset expire; ②
                                  the financial asset has been transferred, and the Group has transferred substantially all
                                  the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; and ③ the financial asset has
                                  been transferred, and the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks
                                  and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, and it has not retained control over such
                                  financial asset.

                                  If the transfer of an entire financial asset satisfies the conditions for derecognition,
                                  the difference between the carrying amount of the transferred financial assets on the
                                  date of derecognition and the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and
                                  the accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value originally included in other
                                  comprehensive income which shall be apportioned to the derecognized portion (where
                                  the financial asset involved in the transfer also satisfies the following conditions: the
                                  Group’s business model for managing the financial asset is aimed at collecting the
                                  contractual cash flows; the contractual terms of the financial asset provide that the cash
                                  flows generated at a given date are only payments of interest based on the principal
                                  amount), are included into current profit or loss.




126   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      10.    Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

             (1)   Financial assets (continued)

                    2)     Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets (continued)

                           If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the
                           entire carrying amount of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which
                           is derecognized and the portion which is not, apportioned according to their respective
                           relative fair value, and the difference between the sum of the consideration received
                           from the transfer and the accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value originally
                           included in other comprehensive income which shall be apportioned to the derecognized
                           portion (where the financial asset involved in the transfer also satisfies the following
                           conditions: the Group’s business model for managing the financial asset is aimed at
                           collecting the contractual cash flows; the contractual terms of the financial asset provide
                           that the cash flows generated at a given date are only payments of interest based on the
                           principal amount), and the apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets
                           are included into current profit or loss.

             (2)   Financial liabilities

                    1)     Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                           The Group classifies its financial liabilities as financial liabilities measured at amortised
                           co s t, u s in g th e e ffe c tive inte re s t ra te me thod, w hic h is s ubs e que ntly me a s ur ed at
                           amortised cost, except for the following:

                           ①       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (including derivatives with
                                   financial liabilities) include held-for-trading financial liabilities and financial
                                   liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial
                                   recognition. Such financial liabilities are subsequently measured at fair value.
                                   Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value, as well as dividends and
                                   interest expenditure related to such financial liabilities are recorded in profit or
                                   loss for the period.

                           ②       Financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which the transfer does
                                   not meet the conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the
                                   transferred financial assets. Such financial liabilities are measured by the Group
                                   in accordance with the relevant standards for the transfer of financial assets.

                           ③       Financial guarantee contracts that do not fall within the range of ① or ②, and
                                   loan commitments that do not fall within the range of above ① and are at a rate
                                   less than the market interest rate. If the Group is the issuer of such financial
                                   liabilities, it is measured, after initial recognition, at the higher of the amount
                                   of the loss allowance determined in accordance with the relevant standard for
                                   impairment of financial instruments and the amount initially recognised less
                                   accumulated amortisation determined in accordance with the relevant standard for
                                   income.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   127
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        10.      Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

                (2)        Financial liabilities (continued)

                           2)     Conditions for derecognition of financial liabilities

                                  When the present obligations of financial liabilities are released in whole or in part, such
                                  financial liabilities are derecognized to the extent of the obligations released. Where the
                                  Group enters into an agreement with its creditor to replace existing financial liabilities by
                                  assuming new financial liabilities with contractual terms substantively differ from those
                                  of the existing financial liabilities, the existing financial liabilities are derecognized
                                  while the new financial liabilities are recognized. Where the Group substantively revises,
                                  in whole or in part, the contractual terms of existing financial liabilities, such existing
                                  financial liabilities are derecognized in whole or in part, while those financial liabilities
                                  with their terms revised are recognized as new financial liabilities. The difference
                                  between the carrying amount of the derecognised part and the consideration paid is
                                  included in the profit or loss for the current period.

                (3)        Method for determination of fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities

                           Fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group are measured at the prices
                           in principal market. In case there is no principal market, fair values of financial assets and
                           financial liabilities are calculated using the price which is the most beneficial to the market,
                           and using valuation technology which is the most appropriate at that time and with sufficient
                           available data and other information. The inputs which are used to measure the fair value have
                           been divided into 3 levels by the Group: Level 1-inputs consist of unadjusted quoted prices in
                           active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2-inputs are quoted prices for the asset or
                           liability (other than those included in Level 1) that are either directly or indirectly observable.
                           Level 3-inputs are unobservable inputs to the related assets or liabilities. The Level 1 inputs are
                           the first priority to use by the Group, and level 3 inputs will be the last one to use. The level of
                           fair value measurement is determined by the lowest level of inputs which are significant to the
                           measurement of fair value as a whole.

                           The Group measures investments in equity instruments at fair value. However, in limited
                           circumstances, if recent information on determining fair value is insufficient, or if there is a
                           wide range of possible fair value measurements and cost represents the best estimate of fair
                           value within that range, the cost may be an appropriate estimate of fair value with that range.

                (4)        Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                           Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the
                           balance sheet and shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met,
                           a financial asset and a financial liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in
                           the balance sheet: (1) the Group has a legal right that is currently enforceable to set off the
                           recognized amount, and (2) the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the
                           financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




128   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      10.    Financial assets and financial liabilities (continued)

             (5)    Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                    The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles:
                    (1) Where the Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial
                    asset to fulfil a contractual obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a
                    financial liability. Although some financial instruments do not explicitly include the terms
                    and conditions imposing the contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset,
                    they may indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms and conditions.
                    (2) Where a financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument,
                    consideration shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the
                    instrument is a substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets
                    of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the
                    issuer’s financial liability; in the latter case, the instrument shall be the equity instrument of
                    the issuer. Under certain circumstances whereby a financial instrument contract stipulates that
                    the Group will or may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial instrument, and the
                    amount of the contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity instruments
                    to be received or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract
                    shall be classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual
                    right or obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable
                    other than the market price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate,
                    a commodity price or a financial instrument price).

                    When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial
                    statements, the Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the
                    Group and the holders of the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation
                    in respect of the instrument to settle it by delivering cash or another financial asset or in such
                    a way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument shall be classified as a financial
                    liability.

                    If the financial instrument or its component is attributable to the financial liability, the relevant
                    interests, dividends, gains or losses, and gains or losses arising from redemption or refinancing,
                    shall be recorded in the profit or loss of the current period.

                    If the financial instrument or its component is attributable to equity instrument, the Group
                    shall treat it as change in equity when it is issued (including refinanced), repurchased, sold or
                    cancelled, and shall not recognize changes in fair value of equity instrument.

      11.    Notes receivable

             The Group calculates loss provision of notes receivable based on the amount equivalent to the expected
             credit loss within the entire duration of the life. Based on the credit risk characteristics of notes
             receivable, the Company divides them into different groups:

             Item                             Basis for determination of groups

             Bank acceptance notes            Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk
             Commercial acceptance notes      Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as accounts receivable)




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   129
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        12.      Accounts receivable

                 For accounts receivable and contract assets which do not contain significant financing components, the
                 Company measures the loss provision based on the amount of expected credit losses equivalent to the
                 entire duration of the life.

                 For receivables, contract assets and lease receivable which contain significant financing components,
                 the Company always chooses to measure the loss provision based on the amount of expected credit
                 losses equivalent to the entire duration of the life.

                 In addition to accounts receivable and contract assets with individually assessed credit risks, based on
                 their credit risk characteristics, the Company divides them into different groups:

                 Item                                           Basis for determination of groups

                 Ageing analysis                                This group is based on the using of ageing of receivables
                                                                as the credit risk characteristics.
                 Receivables from related                       This group is based on receivables from related parties
                 parties
                 Other receivables                              This group is based on accounts receivable from special
                                                                business

        13.      Receivables financing

                 If the bills receivable and accounts receivable meet the following conditions, the Company classifies it
                 as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. It was presented as a receivables
                 financing on the statement:

                 (1)       contractual cash flows is for the payment of interest based on the principal and the principal
                           outstanding;

                 (2)       the objective of the Company’s business model for managing the bills receivable and accounts
                           receivable is both to collect contractual cash flows and to dispose the bills receivable and
                           accounts receivable.

        14.      Other receivables

                 Based on whether the credit risk of other receivables is significantly increased or not after initial
                 recognition, the Group measures impairment loss by using the amount of expected credit losses
                 e q u i v a l e n t t o t h e e n t i r e d u r a t i o n o f t h e l i f e o r w i t h i n t h e n e x t 12 m o n t h s. I n a d d i t i o n t o o t h e r
                 receivables with individually assessed credit risks, based on their credit risk characteristics, the
                 Company divides them into different groups:

                 Item                                           Basis for determination of groups

                 Ageing analysis                                This group is based on the using of ageing of other receivables as the
                                                                  credit risk characteristics.
                 Receivables from related                       This group is based on other receivables from related parties
                   parties
                 Other receivables                              This group is based on other receivable from special business




130   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      15.    Inventories

             The Group’s inventories mainly includes raw materials, work in progress, finished goods and etc.

             The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Inventories are recorded at cost of purchase when
             received. Actual cost is calculated using weighted average method when the inventories are acquired.
             Low-value consumables and packaged goods are amortised using one-time resale method.

             The Group carries out a comprehensive inventory on the balance sheet date. The net realisable value
             of finished goods, work in process and materials for sale, is determined by estimated price deducting
             estimated selling costs and related taxes. The net realisable value of production materials is determined
             by estimated price deducting estimated completion cost, sale expenses and related sales taxes.

      16.    Contract Assets

             (1)   Method and standards for recognition of contract assets

                    A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage
                    of time, to receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a
                    customer. If the Group sells two clearly distinguishable goods to customers, it is entitled to
                    receive payment for one of the goods that has been delivered, but the payment is also dependent
                    on the delivery of the other of the goods, the Group regards the right to receive payment as a
                    contract asset.

             (2)   Method of determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of contract assets

                    For method of determination of expected credit loss of contract assets, please refer to the
                    description in “11. Note receivables and 12 Accounts receivable” above.

                    About the accounting treatment method, the Group calculates the expected credit loss of contract
                    assets on the balance sheet date. If the expected credit loss is greater than the carrying amount
                    of the current provision for contract assets, the Group recognises the difference as impairment
                    losses, and it will debit “assets impairment loss” and credit “provision for impairment of
                    contract assets”. Otherwise, the Group recognises the difference as an impairment gain and
                    makes the opposite accounting record.

                    If the Group incurs credit loss and determines that the relevant contract assets are unrecoverable,
                    subject to the approval for writing off, it will debit “provision for impairment of contract
                    assets” and credit “contract assets” based on the approved amount written-off. If the written-off
                    amount is greater than the loss allowance made, the “assets impairment loss” is debited for the
                    difference.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   131
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        17.      Contract costs

                (1)        Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                           The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract
                           acquisition cost.

                           Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which
                           does not fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and meets
                           all of the following conditions, which is recognised as an asset as contract performance cost: the
                           costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract,
                           including direct labour, direct materials, allocations of overheads (or similar costs), costs that
                           are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the
                           Group entered into the contract; the costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in
                           satisfying performance obligations in the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.

                           Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which
                           is expected to be recoverable which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If the
                           amortisation period is no more than one year, the contract acquisition cost is included in profit
                           or loss as incurred. Incremental cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by the Group
                           had no contract been acquired (such as commission etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group
                           to obtain contracts (other than the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as
                           travelling expenses which will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained)
                           are included in profit or loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

                (2)        Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                           The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for
                           recognition of the revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

                (3)        Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                           In determining the loss on impairment of assets relating to contract costs, the Group first
                           dete rmines the imp airment loss for other assets relating to contract costs recognised in
                           accordance with the relevant Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and then makes
                           provision for impairment based on the excess of its carrying value over the sum of the remaining
                           consideration expected to be received from transfer of the goods relating to the asset and the
                           cost expected to be incurred for transfer of the relevant goods, which is recognised as loss on
                           impairment of assets.

                           If there is any change in the factors causing impairment in the previous periods, resulting in the
                           said difference higher than the carrying value of the asset, the provision for impairment of assets
                           previously made is reversed and is included in profit or loss. However, the carrying value of the
                           asset following reversal shall not exceed the carrying value of the asset as at the date of reversal
                           had no provision for impairment been made.




132   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      18.    Long-term equity investments

             Long-term equity investments of the Group are the investments in subsidiaries and investment in
             associates and investment in joint ventures.

             Basis for determination in respect of common control is that all participated parties or a group of
             participated parties control such arrangement, and that policies of such related business of such
             arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that are control such arrangement.

             When the Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20% (inclusive) or more but
             less than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that the Group has
             significant influence on the investee. For voting rights less than 20% in the investee, the board or
             representative in similar authority in the investee or the implementation processes of financial or
             operation policies of investee have also been taken into account, or significant transaction with the
             investee, or management personnel send to the investee, or significant technology information provided
             to the investee which have significant influence to the investee.

             If the Group has control over an investee, it is a subsidiary of the Group. For long-term equity
             investments obtained through business combination under common control, proportion of carrying
             value of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the consolidated financial statements of the
             ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial investment cost of the long-term investment. For
             carrying value of net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date of combination, investment
             cost of long-term equity investment is calculated as zero.

             For equity interests in investees under common control acquired in a series of transaction which
             constitute business combination, supplementary disclosure on the accounting of long-term equity
             investments in the financial statements of the Company for the reporting period in which the control
             is acquired. For example, for equity interests in investees under common control acquired in a series
             of transactions which constitute business combination and a package of transactions, the Group
             accounts for each transaction as a transaction in which the control has been obtained. If it does not fall
             under a series of transactions, according to proportion of fair value of net assets of acquiree after the
             combination in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller, and accounted as the
             initial investment cost of long-term equity investment on the date of combination. Difference between
             initial investment cost and the carrying value of long-term equity investment before combination and
             the sum of carrying value of newly paid consideration for additional shares acquired on the date of
             combination is to adjust capital reserve. If the balance of share premium is insufficient, any excess is
             adjusted to retained earnings.

             For long-term equity investment acquired through business combination not under common control,
             cost of combination will be treated as the initial investment cost.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   133
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        18.      Long-term equity investments (continued)

                 For equity interests in investees not under common control acquired in a series of transaction which
                 constitute business combination, supplementary disclosure on the accounting of cost of long-term
                 equity investments in the financial statements of the Company for the reporting period in which the
                 control is acquired. For example, for equity interests in investees not under common control acquired
                 in a series of transactions which constitute business combination and a package of transactions, the
                 Group accounts for each transaction as a transaction in which the control has been obtained. If it does
                 not belong to a series of transaction, initial investment cost will be the sum of the carrying value of
                 the equity investment which it originally holds, and initial investment cost will change to cost method.
                 For shareholding which it holds before the date of acquisition which uses equity method, other related
                 comprehensive income which use equity method for accounting shall not be adjusted, such investment
                 shall use the same accounting basis as the investee when it directly disposes of related assets or
                 liabilities upon disposal. If the equity held before the purchase date were designated as non-trading
                 equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the changes in the fair value
                 accumulated that were originally included in other comprehensive income shall not be transferred in
                 the current profit or loss.

                 Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination mentioned above,
                 the long-term equity investments acquired by cash payment is expensed as the cost of investment
                 based on the actual amount of cash paid for the purchase. For long-term equity investments acquired
                 by issuing equity securities, the cost of investment is the fair value of the equity securities issued. For
                 long-term equity investments invested in the Group by the investor, the investment cost is the agreed
                 consideration as specified in the contract or agreement.

                 Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for the Group using cost method, while investments in the
                 associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity method.

                 For long-term equity investments for which the subsequent measure is accounted for using cost
                 method, when making additional investment, carrying value of the long-term equity investments will
                 be increased according to the fair value of cost of additional investment and the related expenses
                 incurred by related transactions. For cash dividend or profit paid by the investee, it shall be recognised
                 as investment income for current period using the amount which it entitles.

                 For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under equity
                 method, carrying value of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased accordingly
                 according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee. When determining the amount of
                 proportion of net profit or loss in the investee which it entitles, fair value of each identifiable assets
                 of the investee at the time when the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and according to
                 the accounting policies and accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss incurred
                 in internal transaction between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which is
                 attributable to the investing company according to the shareholding, and recognised after adjustment is
                 made to the net profit of the investee.

                 On disposal of a long-term equity investment, the difference between the carrying value and the
                 consideration actually received is recognised as investment income for the period. For long-term equity
                 investments accounted for under equity method, the relevant other comprehensive income accounted
                 for by the original equity method shall be accounted for on the same basis as the investee’s direct
                 disposal of related assets or liabilities when the equity method is terminated. The owner’s equity
                 recognised by changes in other owner’s equity other than profit and loss, other comprehensive income
                 and profit distribution shall be all transferred to the current investment gain when the equity method is
                 terminated.




134   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      18.    Long-term equity investments (continued)

             When the Group loss control in the investee due to reasons such as disposal of part of the equity
             investment, for the remaining shareholding after disposal accounted for by applying ASBE 22 –
             Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments (Caihui [2017] No. 7), difference between
             fair value and the carry value on the date of loss of common control or significant influence will be
             included in the profit or loss for current period. Other comprehensive income recognised in the original
             equity investment which is accounted for using equity method, upon it will no longer be accounted
             for under equity method, it shall be using the same accounting basis as the investee directly disposing
             related assets or liabilities. according to its proportion. The owner’s equity recognised by changes in
             other owner’s equity other than profit and loss, other comprehensive income and profit distribution
             shall be transferred to the current investment gain according to its proportion.

             For loss of control in the investee due to partly disposed long-term equity investment, for remaining
             shareholding which can apply common control or impose significant influence to the investee after
             disposal, shall be accounted for under equity method. Difference between the carrying value of equity
             disposal and the disposal consideration shall be included as investment income. Such remaining
             shareholding shall be treated as accounting for under equity method since the shareholding is obtained
             and make adjustment. For remaining shareholding which cannot apply common control or impose
             significant influence after disposal, it can be accounted and by applying ASBE 22 – Recognition and
             Measurement of Financial Instruments (Caihui [2017] No. 7) as under regulations related to recognition
             and measurement standards of financial instruments, and difference between carrying value of equity
             disposal and the disposal consideration shall be included as investment income, difference between fair
             value and the carrying value of remaining shareholding on the date loss of control shall be included in
             the investment profit or loss for such period.

             If the transactions from the step-by-step disposal of equity to the loss of controlling equity do not
             fall under a series of transactions, the Group shall separately carry out accounting treatment for each
             transaction. If the transaction falls under a series of transactions, each transaction is accounted for
             as a disposal of subsidiary with control lost. However, the difference between the consideration for
             each transaction before losing control and the carrying value of the long-term equity investments
             corresponding to the equity disposed of is recognised as other comprehensive income and transferred to
             profit or loss upon loss of control.

      19.    Investment properties

             The Group’s investment properties comprise rented out housing buildings and land. They are measured
             using the cost model.

             Investment properties are the properties held to earn rental or for capital appreciation or both, and
             represent buildings which have been leased out by the Company.

             Investment property is initially measured at cost. Subsequent expenditures related to an investment
             property shall be included in cost of investment property only when the economic benefits associated
             w i t h t h e a s s e t w i l l l i k e l y f l o w t o t h e G r o u p a n d i t s c o s t c a n b e m e a s u r e d r e l i a b l y. A l l o t h e r
             expenditures on investment property shall be included in profit or loss for the current period when
             incurred.

             T h e G r o u p a d o p t s c o s t m e t h o d f o r s u b s e q u e n t m e a s u r e m e n t o f i n v e s t m e n t p r o p e r t y, w h i c h i s
             depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for buildings and land use rights.

             In the event that an owner-occupied property or inventories is converted to an investment property
             (or vice versa), upon the conversion, the property shall be stated at the carrying amount prior to the
             conversion.

             If an investment property is disposed of or if it withdraws permanently from use and no economic
             benefit will be obtained from the disposal, the recognition of it as an investment property shall be
             terminated. When an investment property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the amount of
             proceeds on disposal of the property net of the carrying amount and related tax and surcharges is
             recognised in profit or loss for the current period.


                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2022      135
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        20.      Fixed assets

                 Fixed assets of the Group are tangible assets that held for production of goods or provision of services,
                 leasing to others, or for administrative purposes; have useful life over one accounting year.

                 Fixed assets are recognised when it is probable that the related economic benefits will flow to the
                 Group and the costs can be reliably measured. Fixed assets of the Group comprise buildings and
                 structures, machinery equipment, electronic equipment, appliances and furniture, transportation
                 equipment, moulds, etc.

                 Apart from fixed assets which are provided in full and continue to be in use and lands that are
                 accounted separately, the Group made provision for all the fixed assets. The Group made provision for
                 depreciation using straight-line method. The useful life, estimated residual value ratio and depreciation
                 rate of fixed assets of the Group are classified as below:

                                                                                            Rate of              Annual
                                                                                           residual         depreciation
                 No. Category                                 Useful life (year)          value (%)            rates (%)

                 1         Buildings                                      20-50                0-10                 1.8-5
                 2         Machinery and equipment                         5-20                5-10                4.5-19
                 3         Electronic equipment, appliances                3-10                0-10               9-33.33
                             and furniture
                 4         Motor vehicles                                 5-10                 5-10                  9-19
                 5         Offshore land                             Unlimited       Not applicable        Not applicable

                 The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life, estimated rate of salvage value and
                 the depreciation method of fixed assets at each financial year-end. If any changes occur, they will be
                 regarded as changes on accounting estimates.

        21.      Construction in progress

                 Construction in progress is transferred to the fixed assets when the assets are ready for their intended
                 use at an estimated amount based on the project budget or actual cost of construction. Depreciation is
                 calculated from the next month of the transfer. The cost of the asset is adjusted when the construction
                 finalization procedures are completed.




136   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      22.    Borrowing costs

             Borrowing cost incurred from fixed assets, investment properties and inventories which require
             construction or production activities for a relatively long time, and can reached usable or sale condition
             after that. Borrowing costs start capitalization when the assets expense and borrowing costs were
             incurred and the construction or production activities, in order to make assets to reach the expected
             usable or sale condition have started; When construction or assets that fulfil the capitalization
             conditions reached the expected usable or sale condition, the capitalization have to be terminated.
             Borrowing costs incurred afterward are included into the profit or loss for current period. If assets that
             fulfil capitalization conditions interrupted abnormally during construction or production progress, and
             such interruption occurred for more than three consecutive months, capitalization of borrowing costs
             have to terminate, until construction of assets or production activities resumed.

             The amount of interest, accrued from the funds borrowed under a specific-purpose, to be capitalised
             is the actual interest expense incurred on that borrowing for the period less any bank interest earned
             from depositing the borrowed funds before being used on the asset or any investment income on the
             temporary investment of those funds. The Group determines the amount of interest, accrued from
             the funds borrowed under general-purpose, to be capitalised by applying a capitalisation rate to the
             weighted average of the excess of cumulative expenditures on the asset over the amounts of specific-
             purpose borrowings. The capitalisation rate shall be calculated and determined according to the
             weighted average interest rate of the general borrowing.

      23.    Right-of-use assets

             The right-of-use asset is defined as the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the Group as a
             lessee.

             (1)    Initial measurement

                    At the commencement date, the Group shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost. The cost
                    of the right-of-use asset shall comprise: ① the amount of the initial measurement of the lease
                    liability; ② any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease
                    incentives received; ③ any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee, which is defined as
                    incremental costs arising due to the obtaining lease; and ④ an estimate of costs to be incurred
                    by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is
                    located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of
                    the lease, while costs of production of inventory are excluded.

             (2)    Subsequent measurement

                    At the commencement date, the Group shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost, which is
                    the measurement of right-of-use assets at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
                    impairment losses. If the Group re-measures lease liability in accordance with the relevant
                    provisions of the lease standards, the book value of the right-of-use assets shall be adjusted
                    accordingly.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   137
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        23.      Right-of-use assets (continued)

                (2)        Subsequent measurement (continued)

                           Depreciation of right-of-use asset

                           At the commencement date, the Group depreciates the right-of-use asset. Right-of-use assets are
                           usually depreciated starting from the month of the lease term. The depreciation amount accrued is
                           included in the cost of the relevant asset or current profit or loss based on the use of the right-
                           of-use asset.

                           When determining the depreciation method of the right-of-use assets, the Group makes decision
                           based on the expected consumption method of the economic benefits related to such right-of-use
                           assets, and depreciates the right-of-use assets by the straight-line method.

                           When determining the depreciation period of the right-of-use assets, the Group follows the
                           following principles: If there is reasonable certainty that the Group will obtain ownership of the
                           underlying asset by the end of the lease term, the asset is depreciated over its remaining useful
                           life; otherwise the asset is depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and its remaining useful
                           life.

                           Impairment of right-of-use assets

                           If the right-of-use asset is impaired, the Group performs subsequent depreciation based on the
                           book value of the right-of-use assets after deducting the impairment loss.

        24.      Intangible asset

                 The Group’s intangible assets mainly include land use right, trademark right, patented technology, etc.
                 Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible assets, actual
                 paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets invested by
                 investors, the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment contract or
                 agreement, while for the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is determined at
                 the fair value. Intangible assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are owned by the
                 acquiree but not recognised in its financial statements are recognised as intangible assets at fair value
                 on initial recognition of the acquiree’s assets.

                 The Group amortizes land use right on the basis of its useful life by straight line method since it is
                 acquired. Other intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful life,
                 stipulated beneficial year by contract, and legal available year. The amortization amount is accounted
                 into profit and loss in the current period according to the beneficiary object of intangible assets.
                 The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life and amortization method of intangible
                 assets with limited useful life at the end of each year. Any changes will be dealt with as changes on
                 accounting estimates.

                 The useful lives of the Group’s intangible assets with limited useful lives are as follows:

                 Items                                                                                    useful lives (years)

                 Land use rights                                                                                         20-70
                 Trademark rights                                                                                            5
                 Proprietary technology                                                                                     10
                 Sales channels                                                                                             10
                 Others                                                                                                   3-10

                 Explanation: The useful life of land use right is recognized according to the term of the grant; the useful
                              life of other intangible assets is recognized according to the shortest of the expected useful
                              life, the beneficial period as specified in the contract or the useful life specified in the law.




138   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      24.    Intangible asset (continued)

             The Group will review the useful lives on those intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at each
             of the accounting period. If there are evidences showing that the intangible assets can bring economic
             benefit for the Company within the foreseeable period, the Company shall estimate the useful life and
             carry out amortization according to the amortization policy for intangible assets with finite useful life.

      25.    Expenditure on research and development

             (1)    The Group classifies the expenditure on an internal research and development project into
                    expenditure at the research phase and expenditure at the development phase.

             (2)    Specific criteria for the classification of the Company’s internal research and development
                    projects into research phase and development phase:

             Research phase: the phase at which creative investigation and research activities are carried out as
             planned for the purpose of obtaining and understanding new scientific or technical knowledge.

             Development phase: the phase at which the research achievement or other knowledge is applied to
             a particular project or design in order to produce new or substantially improved materials, devices,
             products and etc. before commercial production or utilization.

             (3)    Expenditure at the research phase of an internal research and development project is recognized
                    in profit or loss for the period when it is incurred.

             (4)    Expenditure at the development phase of an internal research and development project is
                    recognised as an intangible asset only if all of the following conditions are satisfied at the same
                    time:

                    ①      It is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
                           or sale;

                    ②      Management intends to complete and to use or sell the intangible asset;

                    ③      It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate economic benefits,
                           including demonstrating that there is an existing market for products produced by the
                           intangible asset or for the intangible asset itself, and that it can be used if the intangible
                           asset is to be used internally;

                    ④      There are adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development
                           and the ability to use or sell the intangible assets;

                    ⑤      The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset at its development phase can be
                           reliably measured.

             (5)    All the expenditures on research and development which cannot be distinguished between the
                    research phase and development phase are recognised in the profit or loss when incurred.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   139
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        26.      Impairment of long-term assets

                 The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties
                 measured by the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-to-use assets and intangible
                 assets and operating lease assets with limited useful lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is
                 indication that there is impairment, the Group would perform impairment test. Impairment test should
                 be made for goodwill and intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the period end regardless of
                 whether there is indication of impairment loss.

                 If the impairment test result shows that the recoverable amount of an asset is less than its carrying
                 amount, the impairment provision will be made according to the difference and recognised as an
                 impairment loss. The recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
                 and the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. An asset’s fair
                 value is the price in a sale agreement in an arm’s length transaction. If there is no sale agreement but
                 the asset is traded in an active market, fair value shall be determined based on the bid price. If there
                 is neither sale agreement nor active market for an asset, fair value shall be based on the best available
                 information. Costs of disposal are expenses attributable to disposal of the asset, including legal fee,
                 relevant tax and surcharges, transportation fee and direct expenses incurred to prepare the asset for
                 its intended sale. The present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset
                 over the course of continued use and final disposal is determined as the amount discounted using an
                 appropriately selected discount rate. Provisions for assets impairment shall be made and recognised for
                 the individual asset. If it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of the individual asset, the
                 Company shall determine the recoverable amount of the asset group to which the asset belongs. The asset
                 group is the smallest group of assets capable of generating cash flows independently.

                 An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent period.

        27.      Long-term prepaid expenses

                 Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be
                 recognized as expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Long-term
                 prepaid expenses are amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected beneficial period. Pre-
                 operating expenses during the establishment period should be recognized directly in profit or loss in
                 the month as incurred.

        28.      Contract liability

                 A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
                 the Company has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. If
                 the customer has paid the contract consideration or the Group has obtained the unconditional rights
                 to consideration before the Group transfers goods to the customer, the Group will present the amount
                 received or receivable as a contract liability at the time of actual payment by the customer or the due
                 date of the amount to be paid by the customer, which is the earlier.




140   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      29.    Employee compensation

             Staff remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment benefits,
             termination benefits and other long-term benefits.

             Short-term remuneration mainly includes salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare,
             medical insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium,
             housing provident funds, union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary
             welfare etc. Short-term remuneration incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided
             services is recognised as a liability, and included in profit or loss for the current period or as related asset
             cost in accordance with beneficiaries.

             Post-employment benefits mainly include pension insurance premium and unemployment insurance
             premium. According to the Company’s risks and obligations, they are classified as defined contribution
             plans and defined benefit plans. As for the defined contribution plans, the contributions which are made
             for individual subjects in exchange for the staff’s services rendered in the accounting period shall be
             recognized as liabilities on the balance sheet date and included in profits or losses in the current period
             or relevant asset costs according to the beneficiaries. Defined benefit plans are to provide a system of
             severance payments to its employees.

             Where the Group terminates the employment relationship with employees before the expiration of
             the employment contracts or proposes compensation to encourage employees to accept voluntary
             redundancy, it shall recognise employee compensation liabilities arising from termination benefit and
             included in profit or loss for the current period, on the date when the Group may not revoke unilaterally
             the termination benefit provided due to the termination of employment relationship plans or employee
             redundancy proposals or when the Group recognises the cost and expenses related to restructuring
             involving in the payment of termination benefit, whichever is earlier. However, if the termination
             benefit is not expected to be fully paid within 12 months from the end of the reporting period, it shall
             be accounted for as other long-term staff remuneration.

      30.    Lease Liabilities

             (1)    Initial measurement

                    The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease payments
                    on the commencement date of the lease term.

                    1)      Lease payment

                            The lease payment refers to the amount paid by the Group to the lessor in relation to
                            the right to use the leased asset during the lease term, including: ①The fixed payment
                            and the substantial fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount when there is a
                            lease incentive; ②The variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio, which
                            are determined at the time of initial measurement based on the index or ratio on the
                            commencement date of the lease term；③The exercise price of the call option, provided
                            that the Group reasonably determines that it will exercise the option; ④ The amount
                            payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease, provided that the lease term reflects
                            that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; ⑤The amount payable
                            based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   141
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        30.      Lease Liabilities (continued)

                (1)        Initial measurement (continued)

                           2)     Discount rate

                                  In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine
                                  the interest rate implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall
                                  be adopted as the discount rate. The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the rate
                                  of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow, over a similar term and with a
                                  similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the cost of
                                  the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. Such rate is related to ① The
                                  Group’s conditions, including its solvency and credit status; ② the term of “borrowing”,
                                  being the lease term; ③ the amount of “borrowing”, being the amount of the lease
                                  liabilities; ④ “mortgage condition”, namely, the nature and quality of the underlying
                                  assets; ⑤ the economic environment, including the jurisdiction where the lessee is
                                  located, the denominated currency, and the timing when contract was signed, etc. The
                                  Group takes the bank loan interest rate as the basis and adjusts the above factors to
                                  achieve the incremental borrowing interest rate.

                (2)        Subsequent measurement

                           After the commencement date, the Group conducts subsequent measurement of the lease
                           liabilities according to the following principles: ① When confirming the interest of the lease
                           liabilities, increase the carrying amount of the lease liabilities; ② When paying the lease
                           payment, reduce the carrying amount of the lease liabilities; ③ When the lease payment changes
                           due to revaluation or lease changes, the book value of the lease liability is remeasured.

                           The lessee shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease liabilities for each period of the
                           lease term at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include them in profit or loss for the current
                           period, expect for those subject to capitalization. The cyclical interest rate refers to the discount
                           rate used by the Group in the initial measurement of lease liabilities, or the amended discount
                           rate used by the Group when lease liabilities need to be remeasured at the revised discount rate
                           due to changes in lease payment or change of lease.

                (3)        Remeasurement

                           After the commencement date, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the present
                           value of the lease payment after the change and the revised discount rate,if the following
                           situation arises. If the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero and there is a
                           further reduction in the measurement of the lease liability, the Group recognises any remaining
                           amount of the remeasurement in profit or loss.① a modification in the in-substance fixed lease
                           payments (In this case, discounted using the original discount rate); ② a change in the amounts
                           expected to be paid under residual value guarantees; ③ a change in future lease payments
                           arising from change in an index or rate (In this case, discounted using the revised discount rate);
                           ④ a change in assessment of the purchase option (In this case, discounted using the revised
                           discount rate); ⑤ changes in the evaluation result or actual exercise of the option to renew or
                           terminate the lease (In this case, discounted using the revised discount rate).

        31.      Provisions

                 Obligations pertinent to the contingencies which satisfy all the following conditions are recognised as
                 accrued liabilities: (i) The obligation is a current obligation borne by the Group; (ii) it is likely that
                 an outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from the performance of the obligation; and (iii) the
                 amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.

                 At the balance sheet date, accrued liabilities shall be measured at the best estimate of the necessary
                 expenses required for the performance of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks,
                 uncertainties, time value of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies.



142   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      31.    Provisions (continued)

             If all or part of the expenses required for settlement of accrued liabilities are expected to be
             compensated by a third party, the compensation amount shall, on a recoverable basis, be recognised as
             an asset separately, and compensation amount recognised shall not be more than the carrying amount
             of the accrued liabilities.

      32.    Share-based payments

             The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on
             the fair value of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled
             share-based payment cannot be vested until the services are completed in vesting period or until the
             prescribed performance conditions are met, then within the vesting period, the amount of fair value
             should, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments, be included in relevant
             costs or expenses according to the straight-line method, and the capital reserves should be increased
             accordingly when the equity instruments can be vested upon grant.

             Cash-settled share-based payments are measured at the fair value of liabilities determined on the basis
             of Shares or other equity instruments assumed by the Group. For those vested immediately upon the
             grant, the fair value of the liabilities assumed as at the date of grant are charged to relevant costs or
             expenses and the liabilities are increased accordingly. For those vested upon completion of services for
             the vesting period or fulfilment of performance conditions, the Group charges the services obtained in
             the current period to costs or expenses at each balance date during the vetting period based on the best
             estimate of vesting conditions and according to the fair value of the liability assumed by the Group and
             adjusts the liabilities accordingly.

             At each balance sheet date or settlement date before the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair
             value of liabilities are remeasured with respective changes included in the profit or loss for the current
             period.

             If the Group cancelled the granted equity instrument during the vesting period (other than cancellations
             due to non-fulfilment of the vesting conditions), it is deemed as accelerated vesting, as if all vesting
             conditions of the equity-based payment scheme during the remaining vesting period have been fulfilled,
             all expenses of the remaining vesting period are recognised during the period of cancellation of such
             equity instrument granted.

      33.    Recognition and measurement of revenue

             The revenue of the Group mainly included revenue from sale of goods.

             The Group recognizes revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is satisfied, i.e. when
             “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the
             customers.

             When the contract contains two or more performance obligations, on the inception of the contract, the
             transaction price is allocated to each separate performance obligation in proportion to the stand-alone
             price of the promised goods or services, and the revenue is recognized according to the transaction
             price allocated to each performance obligation.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   143
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        33.      Recognition and measurement of revenue (continued)

                 The transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in
                 exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on
                 behalf of third parties. The transaction price confirmed by the Group does not exceed the amount that
                 is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not
                 occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. An
                 entity shall recognize a refund liability if the entity expects to refund some or all of the consideration
                 to the customer which is not included in the transaction price. Where there is significant financing
                 component in the contract, the Group shall determine the transaction price on the basis of the amount
                 payable in cash when the customer assumes control of the goods or services. The difference between
                 the transaction price and the contract consideration shall be amortized by the effective interest rate
                 method during the contract period. The Group shall not take into account the existence of a significant
                 financing component in the contract if the Group expects, at contract inception, that the period between
                 when the customer acquires the control of a promised good or service and when the customer pays for
                 that good or service will be one year or less.

                 The Group satisfies a performance obligation over time, if one of the following criteria is met;
                 otherwise, it satisfies a performance obligation at a point in time:

                 (1)       The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                           performance as the Group performs;

                 (2)       The customer can control the asset which is created by the Group’s performance;

                 (3)       The Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the Group has an
                           enforceable right to receive payment in respect of performance completed to date during the
                           whole contract period.

                 For a performance obligation satisfied over time, the Group shall recognize revenue over time by
                 measuring the process towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. If the Group unable
                 to reasonably measure the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation and
                 the costs incurred by the Group can be expected to be compensated, the revenue shall be recognized
                 according to the costs incurred until such time that it can reasonably measure the process towards
                 complete satisfaction of the performance obligation.

                 For a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time, the Group shall recognize revenue when the
                 customer obtains control of relevant goods or services. In judging whether customers obtain control of
                 promised goods or services, the Group considers the following indications:

                 (1)       The Group has a present right to receive the payment in respect of the goods or services;

                 (2)       The Group has transferred the legal title of the goods to customers;

                 (3)       The Group has transferred physical possession of the goods to customers;

                 (4)       The group has transferred the significant risks and rewards of the ownership of the goods to the
                           customers;

                 (5)       Customers have accepted the goods or services.

                 The Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that it has transferred to a
                 customer is stated as contract asset. The Group recognises allowances for impairment loss for expected
                 credit loss on contract assets. Receivable is the Group’s unconditional right to consideration to be
                 received from a customer. A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to
                 a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from
                 the customer.




144   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      34.    Government grants

             Government grants are monetary assets or non-monetary assets transferred from the government to
             the Group at no consideration, excluding capital considerations from the government as an owner of
             the Group. Government grants are divided into asset-related government grants and income-related
             government grants.

             Government grants obtained for acquisition or construction of long-term assets or other forms of
             long-term asset formation are classified as related to assets. Other government grants are classified
             as related to revenue. If related government documents do not specify the objective of the grants, the
             grants are classified as related to assets or income as follows: (1) In case a project for which the grants
             are granted is specified in such documents, the grants are classified as related to assets and income
             based on the budgeted ratio of the expenditure on asset formation and the expenditure recorded as
             expenses, where such ratio should be reviewed and, if necessary, changed on each balance sheet date;
             and (2) in case of general description without specifying any project in such documents, the grants are
             classified as related to income.

             If a government grant is in the form of monetary asset, the item shall be measured at the amount
             received or receivable. If a government grant is in the form of non-monetary asset, the item shall
             be measured at fair value. If fair value is not reliably determinable, the item shall be measured at a
             nominal amount and recognized immediately in profit or loss for the period.

             Government grants are generally recognized when received and measured at the amount actually
             received, but are measured at the amount likely to be received when there is conclusive evidence at
             the end of the period that the Group will meet related requirements of such grants and will be able to
             receive the grants. The government grants so measured should also satisfy the following conditions: (1)
             the amount of the grants has been confirmed with competent authorities in written form or reasonably
             deduced from related requirements under financial fund management measures officially released
             without material uncertainties; (2) the grants have been given based on financial support projects and
             fund management policies officially published and voluntarily disclosed by local financial authorities
             in accordance with the Requirements for Disclosure of Government Information, where such policies
             should be open to any company satisfying conditions required and not specifically for certain
             companies; (3) the date of payment has been specified in related documents and the payment thereof
             will be covered by corresponding budget to ensure such grants will be paid on time as specified; (4)
             pursuant to the specific situation between the Group and such grants, other relevant conditions (if any)
             should be satisfied.

             A government grant related to an asset shall be recognized as deferred income, and included in profit or
             loss over the useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. For government grants
             related to income, where the grant is a compensation for related expenses or losses to be incurred in
             the subsequent periods, the grant is recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss over
             the periods in which the related costs or losses are recognised; where the grant is a compensation for
             related expenses or losses already incurred, the grant is recognised immediately in profit or loss for the
             current period.

             At the same time, if the government grants contain both assets related and income related, the
             accounting treatment will depend on the different parts of government grants; if it is difficult to
             distinguish, the whole government grants are classified as the income-related government grants.

             The government grants related to daily activities of the Group, depending on the essence of economic
             business, are recognized in other income or used to offset relevant cost and expenses, otherwise,
             recognized in non-operating income or non-operating expenses.

             For the repayment of a government grant already recognized, if there is any balance of related deferred
             income, the repayment shall be set-off against the book balance of deferred income, and any excess
             shall be recognized in profit or loss for the period; if there is other circumstance, the repayment shall
             be recognized immediately in profit or loss for the period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   145
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        35.      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are recognized based on the temporary differences
                 between the tax bases and the carrying amount of assets and liabilities. A deferred tax asset shall be
                 recognized for deductible losses to the extent that it is probable that tax profit will be available against
                 which the deductible losses can be utilized in accordance with tax law Deferred tax liabilities for
                 temporary taxable differences relating to goodwill are not recognized to the extent they arise from the
                 initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary
                 differences arise from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
                 combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss.
                 As at balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are determined using the
                 applicable tax rates that are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized, or
                 the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                 Except for abovementioned circumstances, the Group recognises deferred income tax assets that
                 it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible temporary
                 differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised.

        36.      Segment statements

                 The Group identifies operating segments based on the internal organization structure, management
                 requirements and internal reporting system, and discloses segment information of reportable segments
                 on the basis of operating segments.

                 An operating segment is a component of the Group that satisfies all the following conditions:

                 (1)       The component is able to generate revenues and incur expenses in the course of ordinary
                           activities;

                 (2)       The operating results of the component are regularly reviewed by the Company’s management
                           in order to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its
                           performance;

                 (3)       Information on financial position, operating results and cash flows of the component is available
                           to the Company. The accounting policies of operating segments are the same with the major
                           accounting policies of the Company.

                 The segment revenue, operating results, assets and liabilities include the amount that is directly
                 attributable to the segment and can be allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis. Revenue,
                 assets and liabilities of an operating segment are determined at the amount before the elimination of
                 inter-group transactions and inter-group current account balances. Transfer price between operating
                 segments is calculated based on terms similar to those of the transactions with other parties.




146   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      37.    Lease

             (1)     Identification of lease

                     Lease refers to a contract under which the leaser transfers the right of use of assets to the lessee
                     for consideration within a certain period of time. At the commencement date of the contract,
                     the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease or contains a lease. If a party to the contract
                     transfers the right of use of an identified asset or several identified assets for consideration
                     within a certain period of time, such contract is regarded as leasing or includes leasing. In order
                     to determine whether the right to control the use of the identified assets within a certain period
                     of time has been transferred in the contract, the Group assesses whether the customers in the
                     contract are entitled to substantially all economic benefits arising from the use of the identified
                     assets and have the right to dominate the use of identified assets during the period of use.

                     Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract
                     and conduct accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases. Where a contract
                     concurrently includes both leased and non-leased parts, the Group shall split the leased and non-
                     leased parts and conduct accounting treatment.

             (2)     The Group as lessee

                     1)     Recognition of lease

                            On the beginning date of the lease term, the Company recognizes the right-of-use assets
                            and lease liabilities of the lease. For the recognition and measurement of right-of-use
                            assets and lease liabilities, see “23. Right-of-use assets” and “30. Lease liabilities” of
                            Note 4.

                     2)     Changes in leases

                            Changes in leases refer to the changes in the lease scope, lease consideration, and lease
                            term other than the original contract terms, including the addition or termination of the
                            rights of use of one or more leased assets, and the extension or shortening of the lease
                            period stipulated in the contract. The effective date of the lease change refers to the date
                            both parties agreed on the lease change.

                            If modification of lease happens and meets the following conditions, the Group will
                            conduct accounting treatment for the modification of lease as a separate lease: ①the
                            modification of lease expands the scope of lease or extended the lease term by increasing
                            the rights use of one or more leased assets;② the increased consideration and the
                            individual price of the expanded part of lease or extension of lease term are equivalent
                            after adjustment is made in accordance with situation of the contract.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   147
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        37.      Lease (continued)

                (2)        The Group as lessee (continued)

                           2)     Changes in leases (continued)

                                  If accounting treatment for the modification of lease as a separate lease is not conducted,
                                  on the effective date, the Group shall apportion the consideration of the changed contract
                                  in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, and re-determine the
                                  lease period after the change; and discount the modified lease payments using the revised
                                  discount rate, in order to remeasure the lease liabilities. When calculating the present
                                  value of the lease payments after modification, the Group adopts the interest rate implicit
                                  in the lease for the remaining lease periods as the discount rate; if the lease interest rate
                                  implicit in the lease for the remaining lease period cannot be readily determined, the
                                  lessee’s incremental borrowing rate shall then be used by the Group as the discount rate
                                  on the effective date of modification of lease. In view of the consequences of the above
                                  adjustment of the lease liabilities, the Group conducts accounting treatment in each of the
                                  following cases accordingly: ① if the modification of lease results in a narrower scope
                                  of lease or a shorter lease term, the lessee shall reduce the book value of the right-of-use
                                  assets, and recognise the gain or loss relevant to the partial or complete termination of
                                  the leases in the current profit or loss; ② for other modification of lease that may lead to
                                  remeasurement of lease liabilities, the lessee adjusts the book value of the right-of-use
                                  assets accordingly.

                           3)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                                  For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value
                                  asset leases which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use
                                  assets and lease liabilities. During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on
                                  short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or
                                  current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other systematic and reasonable methods
                                  over the lease term.

                (3)        The Group as a lessor

                           Based on assessment as stated in (1), if the contract is lease or includes lease, such lease for
                           which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating on the lease commencement
                           date.

                           The lessor classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                           incidental to ownership of an underlying asset. Other leases other than finance lease shall be
                           classified as operating leases.

                           A lease is usually classified as a finance lease when one or more of the following conditions are
                           satisfied: ① At the expiration of the lease term, the ownership of the leased asset is transferred
                           to the lessee. ② The lessee has the option to purchase the leased asset. The purchase price
                           entered into is sufficiently low compared to the fair value of the leased asset when the option
                           is exercised. Therefore, it can be reasonably determined at the commencement date of the
                           lease that the lessee will exercise the option. ③ Although the ownership of the asset is not
                           transferred, the lease term accounts for the majority of the useful life of the leased assets(not
                           lower than 75% of the useful life of the leased assets). ④On the commencement date of the
                           lease, the present value of the lease receivable amount is basically equivalent to the fair value
                           of the leased asset (not lower than 90% of the fair value of the leased assets). ⑤ The leased
                           assets are of a special nature. If no major modifications are made to them, only the lessee can
                           use them. If one or more of the following conditions exist in a lease, the Company may also
                           be classified as a financial lease: ①If the lessee stops the lease, the lessee shall bear the losses
                           caused by the termination of the lease to the lessor；② The profits or losses caused by the
                           fluctuation of the fair value of the balance of assets belong to the lessee；③ The lessee can
                           continue to lease far below the market level for the next period.



148   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.    MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

      37.    Lease (continued)

             (3)   The Group as a lessor (continued)

                    1)    Accounting treatment for financial lease

                          Initial measurement

                          At the beginning of the lease term, the Company confirms the financial lease receivable
                          on the financial lease and terminates the recognition of the financial lease assets. When
                          the initial measurement of the financial lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group
                          uses the net lease investment as the entry value of the finance lease receivables.

                          The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present
                          value of rental receipts that has not been received on the start date of the lease term,
                          which is discounted according to the interest rate implict in lease. The amount of the
                          lease receivable refers to the amount that the Group should collect from the lessee for
                          the purpose of transferring the leased assets during the lease term, including: ①The
                          fixed payment amount and the substantial fixed payment amount to be paid by the
                          lessee, if there is a lease incentive, the amount related to the lease incentive is deducted;
                          ②Variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio, and such amounts, are
                          determined at the initial measurement based on the index or proportion at the beginning
                          of the lease period; ③The exercise price of the purchase option, provided that it is
                          reasonably determined that the lessee will exercise the option; ④The lessee exercises
                          the amount to be paid for the termination of the lease option, provided that the lease
                          period reflects the lessee’s exercise of the option to terminate the lease; ⑤The residual
                          value of the guarantee provided by the lessee, the party concerned with the lessee and the
                          independent third party with the financial ability to perform the guarantee obligation.

                          Subsequent measurement

                          The Group calculates and recognises interest income for each period of the lease term
                          based on a fixed periodic interest rate. Such periodic interest rate refers to the embedded
                          discount rate used to determine the net lease investment. In the case of intermediate
                          lease, if it is impossible to determine the embedded discount rate under such intermediate
                          lease, discount rate of the original lease shall be adopted and adjustments shall be made
                          based on initial direct costs of such intermediate lease. For a financial lease modification
                          that is not accounted for as a separate lease, if the lease is classified as a financial lease
                          when the change becomes effective on the lease start date, its discount rate shall be
                          revised according to relevant regulations.

                          Accounting treatment for lease modification

                          If the finance lease changes and meets the following conditions, the Group will account
                          for the change as a separate case for accounting treatment: ①The modification expands
                          the scope of the lease by increasing the right to use one or more leased assets; ②The
                          increased consideration is equal to the individual price of the expanded portion of the
                          lease, as adjusted by the contractual situation.

                          For a financial lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, if the
                          lease is classified as an operating lease when the change becomes effective on the lease
                          start date, the Group begins accounting as a new lease from the effective date of the lease
                          change and uses the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                          the book value of the leased asset.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   149
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


4.      MAJOR ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

        37.      Lease (continued)

                (3)        The Group as a lessor (continued)

                           2)    Accounting treatment for operating lease

                                 Treatment of lease payment

                                 Rental receipts under an operating lease are recognised as rental income on a straight-
                                 line basis over the period of the lease.

                                 Incentive measures provided

                                 Total rental is recognised on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease, without
                                 excluding the rent-free period, rental fee are recognised during the rent-free period. If
                                 the Group has undertaken certain expenses of the lessee, the expenses will be deducted
                                 from total rental income, and the rental income will be allocated according to the balance
                                 of the rental income after deduction.

                                 Initial direct costs

                                 The initial direct costs incurred by the Group in relation to the operating leases shall
                                 be capitalized as the costs of the subject leased asset and apportioned on the same basis
                                 as the rental income recognition during the lease term, and included in current profit or
                                 loss.

                                 Depreciation

                                 For fixed assets in operating lease, the Group measures the depreciation in accordance
                                 with depreciation policies for similar assets; for other operating lease assets, the Group
                                 adopts a systematic and reasonable method on amortization.

                                 Variable lease payments

                                 The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in the lease
                                 receivables related to the operating leases are recognised in profit or loss in the period in
                                 which they are actually incurred.

                                 Operating lease modification

                                 The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the
                                 effective date of the modification, considering any received or receivable rental receipts
                                 relating to the original lease as part of the lease receipts for the new lease.

        38.      Critical accounting judgements and estimates

                (1)        Critical accounting judgements

                           The Group had no significant changes in accounting judgements during the year.

                (2)        Critical accounting estimates

                           The Group had no significant changes in accounting estimates during the year.




150   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


5.    TAXATION

      (1)    The main types and rates of taxes

             Type of taxes             Tax basis                                     Tax rate

             Value-added tax           Output value-added tax is computed at         13%、9%、6%、5%、3%
                                         13%, 9%, 6%, 5% and 3% of taxable
                                         income. Value-added tax is computed
                                         on the difference after deduction of
                                         input value-added tax. Input value-
                                         added tax is not deductible for value-
                                         added tax to which simple collection
                                         method is applicable.
             City maintenance and      Turnover tax payable                          5%, 7%
               construction tax
             Education surcharges      Turnover tax payable                          3%
             Enterprise income tax     Taxable income                                25%/for details,
                                                                                       please see the table below

             Note:   The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are
                     located.

             Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

             Name of tax payer                                                                            Income tax rate

             Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                    15.00%
             Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                        15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                       15.00%
             Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                    15.00%
             Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                       15.00%
             Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                                 15.00%
             Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                             15.00%
             Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                     15.00%
             Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd.                                                         15.00%
             Foshan Hisense Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                             20.00%
             Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co,. Ltd.                                                              15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                            15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                                       15.00%
             Kelon International Incorporation(KII)                                                          8.25%/16.50%
             Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                           16.50%
             Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                           16.50%
             Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                   16.50%
             Hisense Mould(Deutschland)GmbH                                                                        15.00%
             Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                    30.00%
             Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                              30.00%
             Sanden Holdings Corporation                                                                           30.50%
             SANDEN INTERNATIONAL（EUROPE）GmbH                                                                      30.00%
             SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                                                                    28.00%
             SANDEN MANUFACTURING POLAND SP.ZO.O.                                                                  17.00%
             SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (U.S.A.), INC.                                                                   21.00%
             SANDEN VIKAS（INDIA）LTD.                                                                               35.00%
             SANDEN THAILAND CO., LTD.                                                                             20.00%
             Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                                        15.00%
             Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                          5%-34%




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   151
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


5.      TAXATION (continued)

        (2)      Tax preferences

                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                 Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Number: GR202044005977) dated 19 December 2020 which was
                 jointly issued by the Guangdong Science and Technology Department, Guangdong Finance Department,
                 State Taxation Administration and Guangdong Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of
                 three years (2020, 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech
                 Enterprise, the applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                 Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-
                 tech Enterprise (Number: GR202044002017) dated 1 December 2020 which was jointly issued by the
                 Guangdong Science and Technology Department, Guangdong Finance Department, State Taxation
                 Administration and Guangdong Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2020,
                 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
                 applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                 Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-
                 tech Enterprise (Number: GR202037100323) dated 1 December 2020 which was jointly issued by
                 the Qingdao Science and Technology Department, Qingdao Finance Department, State Taxation
                 Administration and Qingdao Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2020,
                 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
                 applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                 Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-
                 tech Enterprise (Number: GR202037100677) dated 1 December 2020 which was jointly issued by
                 the Qingdao Science and Technology Department, Qingdao Finance Department, State Taxation
                 Administration and Qingdao Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2020,
                 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
                 applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                 Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of High-
                 tech Enterprise (Number: GR202037100274) dated 1 December 2020 which was jointly issued by
                 the Qingdao Science and Technology Department, Qingdao Finance Department, State Taxation
                 Administration and Qingdao Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2020,
                 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
                 applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

                 According to the “Administrative Measures for the Recognition of High-tech Enterprises” (CTP No.
                 [2016] 32) and the “Guidelines for the Recognition Management Work of High-tech Enterprises”
                 (CTP No. [2016] 195), the Leading Group Office of National High-tech Enterprises Recognition and
                 Management publicly issued the 2022 first batch of proposed high-tech enterprises of Guangdong
                 Province on 19 December 2022. Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
                 of the Company, was assessed as a high-tech enterprise, with an effective period of three years (2022,
                 2023 and 2024). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
                 applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

                 According to the “Administrative Measures for the Recognition of High-tech Enterprises” (CTP No.
                 [2016] 32) and the “Guidelines for the Recognition Management Work of High-tech Enterprises”
                 (CTP No. [2016] 195), the Leading Group Office of National High-tech Enterprises Recognition and
                 Management publicly issued the 2022 first batch of proposed high-tech enterprises of Guangdong
                 Province on 19 December 2022. Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                 Company, was assessed as a high-tech enterprise, with an effective period of three years (2022, 2023
                 and 2024). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the applicable
                 enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.




152   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


5.    TAXATION (continued)

      (2)    Tax preferences (continued)

             According to the “Administrative Measures for the Recognition of High-tech Enterprises” (CTP No.
             [2016] 32) and the “Guidelines for the Recognition Management Work of High-tech Enterprises”
             (CTP No. [2016] 195), the Leading Group Office of National High-tech Enterprises Recognition
             and Management publicly issued the 2021 fourth batch of proposed high-tech enterprises of Jiangsu
             Province on 22 December 2022. Hisense Rongsheng (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
             of the Company, was assessed as a high-tech enterprise, with an effective period of three years (2022,
             2023 and 2024). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on Hightech Enterprises, the
             applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

             Hisense Rongsheng (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
             Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Number: GR202144001612) dated 20 December 2021 which was
             jointly issued by the Guangdong Science and Technology Department, Guangdong Finance Department,
             State Taxation Administration and Guangdong Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of
             three years (2021, 2022 and 2023). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech
             Enterprise, the applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023.

             Guangdong Foshan Shunde Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, meets the
             identification standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2019] No. 13:
             engaging in industries not restricted or prohibited by the state and meeting the annual taxable income
             of no more than RMB3 million, the number of employees of no more than 300, and total assets of
             not exceeding RMB50 million; according to the relevant tax preferences for small and micro-sized
             enterprises, in 2022, the portion of the annual taxable income of no more than RMB1 million shall be
             deducted into the taxable income by 12.5%, and the enterprise income tax shall be prepaid at the rate
             of 20%; the annual taxable income between RMB1 million and RMB3 million shall be deducted into
             the taxable income by 25%, and the enterprise income tax shall be prepaid at the rate of 20%.

             Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co,. Ltd, a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate of
             Hightech Enterprise (Number: GR202051003748) which was jointly issued by the Sichuan Science
             and Technology Department, Sichuan Finance Department and the State Administration of Taxation
             Sichuan Municipal Taxation Bureau, Sichuan State Taxation Bureau and Sichuan Local Taxation
             Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2020, 2021 and 2022). According to the relevant
             tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the applicable enterprise income tax rate for this
             subsidiary is 15% in 2020, 2021 and 2022.

             Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
             the Certificate of Hightech Enterprise (Number: GR202137101914) which was jointly issued by
             t h e Q in g d a o S cie n ce a n d T e c h n ology D e pa rtme nt, Q ingda o Fina nc e D e pa rtme nt a nd the St at e
             Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau, Qingdao State Taxation Bureau and
             Qingdao Local Taxation Bureau on 14 December 2021, with an effective period of three years (2021,
             2022 and 2023). According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the
             applicable enterprise income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023.

             Hisense (Shandong) Air-Conditioning Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate
             o f H i g h t e c h E n t e r p r i s e (N u m b e r: G R202137100462) d a t e d 4 N o v e m b e r 2021 w h i c h w a s j o i n t l y
             issued by the Sichuan Science and Technology Department, Sichuan Finance Department and the
             State Administration of Taxation Sichuan Municipal Taxation Bureau, Sichuan State Taxation Bureau
             and Sichuan Local Taxation Bureau, with an effective period of three years (2021, 2022 and 2023).
             According to the relevant tax preference regulation on High-tech Enterprise, the applicable enterprise
             income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% in 2021, 2022 and 2023.

             The subsidiaries of the Company which were incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to an enterprise
             income tax on the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following
             rates: (1) for KII: a rate of 8.25% is applied to the part which is not exceeded HK$2,000,000, while
             a rate of 16.5% is applied to the part which is exceeded HK$2,000,000; (2) for other Hong Kong
             subsidiaries: a rate of 16.5% is applied to all of them (the rates of profit tax for each company in 2022
             were 16.5%).




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022   153
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        For the following disclosed financial statement data, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the
        balance as at 1 January 2022; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 31 December 2022. “Current
        Year” refers to the period from 1 January to 31 December 2022; “Last Year” refers to the period from 1
        January to 31 December 2021. The currency is denominated in RMB.

        1.       Cash at bank and on hand

                 Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Cash on hand                                                          716,500.30           181,739.29
                 Bank deposits                                                   2,468,795,515.31     2,872,579,821.13
                 Other cash at bank and on hand                                  3,531,783,411.76     4,149,810,938.32

                 Total                                                           6,001,295,427.37     7,022,572,498.74

                 Including: Total amount deposited overseas                        610,462,587.09     1,285,195,575.45

                 Notes to cash at bank and on hand:

                 Other cash at bank and on hand at the end of the period represented mainly security deposit for setting
                 up bank acceptance notes (at the end of the year: RMB3,476,294,153.37, at the beginning of the year:
                 RMB4,133,804,056.37).

                 Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

                 Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Security deposit                                                3,522,949,351.97     4,143,395,704.06

                 Total                                                           3,522,949,351.97     4,143,395,704.06

        2.       Transactional financial assets

                 Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           6,758,233,998.86     5,625,841,633.95
                 Including: Derivative financial assets                             21,039,135.56         6,761,891.49
                            Wealth management products                           6,737,194,863.30     5,619,079,742.46

                 Total                                                           6,758,233,998.86     5,625,841,633.95

                 Notes to transactional financial assets:

                 The Group did not have high-risk entrusted wealth management of which the individual amount was
                 significant, and no any circumstances indicating the possibility that the principal of the entrusted
                 wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances that might lead to impairment of the
                 Group’s entrusted wealth management. For details of fair value, please refer to Note 10, 1. Fair value
                 of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the year.




154   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      3.     Notes receivable

             (1)   As shown by classification of notes receivable

                    Item                                                              Closing balance         Opening balance

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                62,225,000.00
                    Commercial acceptance notes                                          81,963,330.26          228,252,631.50

                    Total                                                               144,188,330.26          228,252,631.50

                    Notes to bills receivable: bills receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection)
                    were presented as bills receivable by the Group, and bills receivable for collecting contractual
                    cash flows (for collection) and and selling of these bills (endorsed or discounted) were presented
                    as receivable financing by the Group

             (2)   Pledged notes receivable used as at the end of the year

                                                                                                              Pledged amount
                                                                                                                 at the end of
                    Item                                                                                              the year

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                                         62,225,000.00

                    Total                                                                                         62,225,000.00

                    Note:   For details of pledges, please refer to Note VI.62. Assets with limited ownership or use rights.

             (3)   Bills receivables endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                   balance sheet date

                                                                                              Amount          Amount not
                                                                                      derecognised at     derecognised at
                    Item                                                           the end of the year the end of the year

                    Bank acceptance notes
                    Commercial acceptance notes                                                                   26,005,340.27

                    Total                                                                                         26,005,340.27

             (4)   Notes receivable that were reclassified into account receivable due to failure of the issuers
                   to settle the notes

                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                                   transferred
                                                                                                                as to accounts
                                                                                                              receivable as at
                    Item                                                                                   the end of the year

                    Commercial acceptance notes                                                                 195,415,546.83

                    Total                                                                                       195,415,546.83




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   155
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable (continued)

                (5)        As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                          Closing balance
                                                                              Book value                       Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                      Amount                    %             Amount                    %      Carrying amount

                           Separate provision for bad debts
                           Provision for bad debts on
                             a group basis                        144,680,985.53               100.00          492,655.27                0.34       144,188,330.26
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes                    62,225,000.00               43.01                                                 62,225,000.00
                           Commercial acceptance notes              82,455,985.53               56.99          492,655.27                0.60         81,963,330.26

                           Total                                  144,680,985.53               100.00          492,655.27                0.34       144,188,330.26

                                                                                                          Opening balance
                                                                              Book value                       Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                      Amount                    %             Amount                    %      Carrying amount

                           Separate provision for bad debt
                             receivables for notes receivable
                           Provision for bad debts for notes
                             receivable on a group basis          232,639,718.15               100.00        4,387,086.65                1.89       228,252,631.50
                           Including:
                           Commercial acceptance notes            232,639,718.15               100.00        4,387,086.65                1.89       228,252,631.50

                           Total                                  232,639,718.15               100.00        4,387,086.65                1.89       228,252,631.50

                           1)         A m o n g t h e g r o u p, p r o v i s i o n f o r b a d d e b t s f o r N o t e s r e c e i v a b l e b y C o m m e r c i a l
                                      acceptance notes

                                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                                             Provision
                                      Item                                                         Book value            for bad debts                           %

                                      Acceptor being a bank with less credit
                                        risk                                                    62,225,000.00

                                      Total                                                     62,225,000.00                                                     –

                           2)         A m o n g t h e g r o u p, p r o v i s i o n f o r b a d d e b t s f o r N o t e s r e c e i v a b l e b y C o m m e r c i a l
                                      acceptance notes

                                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                                             Provision
                                      Item                                                         Book value            for bad debts                           %

                                      Acceptor being a third party                              82,455,985.53               492,655.27                        0.60

                                      Total                                                     82,455,985.53               492,655.27                            –




156   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      3.     Notes receivable (continued)

             (5)   As shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    3)         Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, collected or transferred back
                               in the current year

                                                                                        Changes during the year
                                                                   Opening                         Recoveries                                 Closing
                               Item                                balance      Provision          or reversal            Write-off           balance

                               Commercial acceptance
                                 notes                         4,387,086.65                      3,894,431.38                              492,655.27

                               Total                           4,387,086.65                      3,894,431.38                              492,655.27

                    4)         Notes receivable written-off during the year

                               There was no notes receivable written-off for the year.

      4.     Accounts receivable

             (1)   Accounts receivable as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                       Closing balance
                                                                Book value                      Provision for bad debts
                    Category                                Amount               %                Amount                       %      Carrying amount

                    Separate provision for
                      bad debts for accounts
                      receivable                       84,543,983.28            1.06         84,543,983.28                 100.00
                    Provision for bad debts
                      for accounts receivable
                      on a group basis           7,891,388,433.48              98.94        225,686,133.57                   2.86     7,665,702,299.91
                    Including:
                    Aging analysis method        1,689,953,878.88              21.19        133,906,891.31                   7.92     1,556,046,987.57
                    Receivables from related
                      parties                    3,826,829,100.36              47.98          4,275,612.89                   0.11     3,822,553,487.47
                    Other amount                 2,374,605,454.24              29.77         87,503,629.37                   3.68     2,287,101,824.87

                    Total                        7,975,932,416.76             100.00        310,230,116.85                   3.89     7,665,702,299.91




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022    157
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (1)        Accounts receivable as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                   Book value                        Provision for bad debts
                           Category                            Amount                   %              Amount                      %    Carrying amount

                           Separate provision for
                             bad debts for accounts
                             receivable
                           Provision for bad debts
                             for accounts receivable
                             on a group basis          8,940,918,328.96             100.00       183,840,950.91                  2.06   8,757,077,378.05
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method       2,446,392,728.13              27.36       129,301,296.36                  5.29   2,317,091,431.77
                           Receivables from related
                             parties                   4,110,174,401.47              45.97         1,606.82                             4,110,172,794.65
                           Other amount                2,384,351,199.36              26.67        54,538,047.73                  2.29   2,329,813,151.63


                           Total                       8,940,918,328.96             100.00       183,840,950.91                  2.06   8,757,077,378.05

                           1)         Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                                                    Provision                              Reasons for
                                      Item                                      Book value      for bad debts                     %          provision

                                                                                                                                         Expected to be
                                                                                                                                            difficult to
                                      Domestic customers                   84,543,983.28        84,543,983.28                  100.00    recover in full

                                      Total                                84,543,983.28        84,543,983.28                      –                  –

                           2)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by aging analysis
                                      method:

                                                                                                             Closing balance
                                                                                                                      Provision
                                      Ageing                                                 Book value           for bad debts                      %

                                      Within three months                            1,518,830,035.42             3,037,660.11                     0.20
                                      Over three months but within
                                        six months                                      36,088,884.29           3,608,888.46                     10.00
                                      Over six months but within one year               15,549,232.89           7,774,616.46                     50.00
                                      Over one year                                    119,485,726.28         119,485,726.28                    100.00

                                      Total                                          1,689,953,878.88         133,906,891.31                       7.92

                                      Note:    This group is based on the aging of Accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and the
                                               provision for bad debts is made based on the expected credit loss of each aging section.




158   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      4.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (1)   Accounts receivable as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    3)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for Accounts receivable by receivables from
                               related parties:

                                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision
                               Ageing                                                  Book value        for bad debts                     %

                               Within one year                                  3,822,553,487.47
                               Over one year                                        4,275,612.89           4,275,612.89               100.00

                               Total                                            3,826,829,100.36           4,275,612.89                   0.11

                    4)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for Accounts receivable by other amount:

                                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision
                               Category                                                Book value        for bad debts                     %

                               Other amount                                     2,374,605,454.24         87,503,629.37                    3.68

                               Total                                            2,374,605,454.24         87,503,629.37                    3.68

             (2)   Accounts receivable presented by ageing as follows

                    Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on the date of recognition is as follows:

                    Ageing                                                                      Closing balance           Opening balance

                    Within three months                                                        6,536,005,628.49           7,549,514,577.52
                    Over three months but within six months                                      447,891,643.76             449,245,994.77
                    Over six months but within one year                                          520,314,101.55             693,372,760.15
                    Over one year                                                                471,721,042.96             248,784,996.52

                    Total                                                                      7,975,932,416.76           8,940,918,328.96

             (3)    Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable during the year

                                                                                        Changes during the year
                                                                                                                     Exchange
                                                            Opening                     Recoveries                        rate        Closing
                    Category                                balance       Provision    or reversals     Write-off    movement         balance

                    Separate provision                                84,543,983.28                                              84,543,983.28
                    Aging analysis method              129,301,296.36 11,463,717.75    2,968,122.69   3,890,000.11              133,906,891.31
                    Receivables from related parties         1,606.82 4,274,006.07                                                4,275,612.89
                    Other amount                        54,538,047.73 34,040,810.18    1,729,335.95    152,480.06    806,587.47 87,503,629.37

                    Total                              183,840,950.91 134,322,517.28   4,697,458.64   4,042,480.17   806,587.47 310,230,116.85




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   159
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (4)        Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                                                                                                                             Written-off
                           Item                                                                                                 amount

                           Accounts receivable written-off                                                                   4,042,480.17

                (5)        Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors

                           The total top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                           RMB3,658,088,008.52, accounting for 45.86% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                           provision for bad debts of RMB3,350,414.28 in total was made as at the end of the year.

        5.       Factoring of accounts receivable

                (1)        By category

                           Item                                                               Closing balance            Opening balance

                           Bank acceptance notes                                             4,817,127,421.42            3,504,224,755.08
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                         255,832,049.34              165,454,305.86

                           Total                                                             5,072,959,470.76            3,669,679,060.94

                           Note:   For details on the fair value, please refer to Note 10(1) Fair value of assets and liabilities measured
                                   at fair value as at the end of the year.

                (2)        Notes endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not due as at the balance sheet
                           date

                                                                                                         Amount              Amount not
                                                                                                    derecognized            derecognized
                                                                                                    as at the end           as at the end
                           Item                                                                       of the year             of the year

                           Bank acceptance notes                                             4,087,151,373.04
                           Commercial acceptance notes                                           4,622,223.81

                           Total                                                             4,091,773,596.85

        6.       Prepayments

                (1)        Prepayments presented by ageing as follows

                                                                      Closing balance                          Opening balance
                           Aging                                    Amount                     %              Amount                   %

                           Within one year                    257,754,590.89                98.21       345,266,527.56               99.77
                           Over one year                        4,689,384.67                 1.79           803,072.09                0.23

                           Total                              262,443,975.56              100.00        346,069,599.65              100.00

                           The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with ageing of over one year as at the end
                           of the period.


160   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      6.     Prepayments (continued)

             (2)     Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                     The total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted to
                     RMB172,370,291.60, accounting for 65.68% of total closing balance of prepayments.

      7.     Other receivables

             Item                                                             Closing balance        Opening balance

             Dividends receivable                                              152,634,355.75           153,473,105.41
             Other receivables                                                 322,399,984.85           330,569,190.97

             Total                                                             475,034,340.60           484,042,296.38

      7.1    Dividends receivable

             (1)     Classification of dividends receivable

                     Project (or investee)                                    Closing balance        Opening balance

                     Huayu Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.              152,634,355.75           153,473,105.41

                     Total                                                     152,634,355.75           153,473,105.41

             (2)     At the end of the period, the Group did not have any significant amount of dividends receivable
                     aged over 1 year.

      7.2    Other receivables

             (1)     Classification of other receivables by nature of the amount

                                                                                     Book value       Book value as at
                                                                                   as at the end        the beginning
                     Nature of the amount                                            of the year           of the year

                     Security deposit                                          108,282,510.45            66,327,016.91
                     Refund of tax for exports                                  88,528,435.69            97,063,390.40
                     Other current account                                     277,592,801.28           294,946,899.08

                     Total                                                     474,403,747.42           458,337,306.39




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022   161
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        7.       Other receivables (continued)

                (2)        Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                                     First stage               Second stage          Third stage
                                                                                             Expected credit         Expected credit
                                                                     Expected credit               loss in the              loss in the
                                                                     loss in the next       lifetime (without           lifetime (with
                           Provision for bad debts                         12 months      credit impairment)      credit impairment)                   Total

                           Balance as at 1 January 2022                26,482,130.73             26,381,668.01          74,904,316.68          127,768,115.42
                           During the year, the balance
                             of other receivables as at
                             1 January 2022                                        –                         –                       –                     –
                             – transferred to second stage             -6,624,194.13              6,624,194.13
                             – transferred to third stage
                             – reversed to second stage
                             – reversed to first stage
                           Provision for the year                      32,110,484.54                                                            32,110,484.54
                           Reversal for the year                        5,016,214.42              1,953,809.89                                   6,970,024.31
                           Written-off for the year
                           Charge off for the year                                                  145,292.24                                     145,292.24
                           Other changes                                 -759,520.84                                                              -759,520.84
                           Balance as at 31 December 2022              46,192,685.88             30,906,760.01          74,904,316.68          152,003,762.57

                           Note:      Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                                      since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the
                                      expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.

                 (3)       Other receivables presented by ageing as follows

                                                                                                                                             Book value
                                                                                                                                           as at the end
                           Ageing                                                                                                            of the year

                           Within three months                                                                                            284,050,924.43
                           Over three months but within six months                                                                          3,691,701.79
                           Over six months but within one year                                                                             63,610,592.42
                           Over one year                                                                                                  123,050,528.78

                           Total                                                                                                          474,403,747.42

                (4)        Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                                                                   Changes during the year
                                                                   Opening                         Recoveries                  Exchange rate         Closing
                           Category                                balance         Provision      or reversals     Write-off     movements           balance

                           Individual provision               58,030,000.00                                                                    58,030,000.00
                           Aging analysis method              45,355,091.53 30,447,266.11           472,609.14    145,292.24         10,946.88 75,195,403.14
                           Receivables from related parties      924,664.83    278,000.00           200,000.27                                  1,002,664.56
                           Other amount                       23,458,359.06 1,385,218.43          6,297,414.90                     -770,467.72 17,775,694.87

                           Total                              127,768,115.42 32,110,484.54        6,970,024.31    145,292.24       -759,520.84 152,003,762.57




162   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      7.     Other receivables (continued)

             (5)   Other receivables written-off during the year

                    Item                                                                                                Amount

                    Other receivables written-off                                                                     145,292.24

             (6)   Top five other receivables by debtor as at the end of the year

                                                                                                     Percentage of          Provision
                                                                                                        total other     for bad debts
                    No.        Nature of the amount          Closing balance             Ageing    receivables (%)    Closing balance

                    Top 1      Other current accounts          58,030,000.00       Over one year             12.23      58,030,000.00
                    Top 2      Security deposit                50,000,000.00 Over six months but             10.54      25,000,000.00
                                                                                 within one year
                    Top 3      Refund of tax for exports       36,079,008.24 Within three months              7.61
                    Top 4      Refund of tax for exports       19,647,859.96 Within three months              4.14
                    Top 5      Refund of tax for exports       14,833,811.53 Within three months              3.13

                    Total      –                              178,590,679.73                   –             37.65      83,030,000.00

      8.     Inventories

             (1)   Classification of inventories

                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                    Provision for                       Carrying
                    Item                                              Book value declines in value                       amount

                    Raw materials                              1,333,153,151.93             35,133,945.83 1,298,019,206.10
                    Works in progress                            729,409,203.90              6,197,076.20   723,212,127.70
                    Finished goods                             4,605,205,146.85             73,601,045.11 4,531,604,101.74

                    Total                                      6,667,767,502.68            114,932,067.14 6,552,835,435.54

                    (continued)

                                                                                         Opening balance
                                                                                    Provision for                       Carrying
                    Item                                              Book value declines in value                       amount

                    Raw materials                              1,953,874,319.06              8,438,616.56 1,945,435,702.50
                    Works in progress                            787,450,278.42              5,886,809.79   781,563,468.63
                    Finished goods                             5,762,299,638.71             52,599,750.15 5,709,699,888.56

                    Total                                      8,503,624,236.19             66,925,176.50 8,436,699,059.69




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   163
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        8.       Inventories (continued)

                (2)        Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                            Increase for the year                   Decrease for the year
                                                                          Provision                             Recovered or
                           Item                 Opening balance         for the year                Others        written-off               Others   Closing balance

                           Raw materials           8,438,616.56        32,313,477.63                             5,020,425.45        597,722.91        35,133,945.83
                           Works in progress       5,886,809.79         2,142,397.81                             1,546,784.23        285,347.17         6,197,076.20
                           Finished goods         52,599,750.15        94,502,588.21                            72,807,310.18        693,983.07        73,601,045.11

                           Total                  66,925,176.50      128,958,463.65                             79,374,519.86       1,577,053.15      114,932,067.14

                (3)        Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or
                           write-off during the year

                                                                                                               Reasons for the write-off of
                                                    Basis of the provision for                                 provision for declines in value
                           Item                     declines in value of inventories                           of inventories during the year

                           Raw materials
                           Works in progress        The lower of the cost and                                  Removal due to sales and
                           Finished goods             net realizable value                                       consumption for production

        9.       Contractual assets

                (1)        Contractual assets

                                                                         Closing balance                                          Opening balance
                                                                            Impairment              Carrying                         Impairment            Carrying
                           Item                           Book value          provision              amount         Book value         provision            amount

                           Guarantee                   10,729,193.43        3,810,825.36       6,918,368.07       15,424,545.33      5,221,946.83      10,202,598.50

                           Total                       10,729,193.43        3,810,825.36       6,918,368.07       15,424,545.33      5,221,946.83      10,202,598.50

                (2)        Provision for impairment of contractual assets during the year

                                                                    Provision                   Recovery                   Write-offs
                           Item                                   for the year               for the year                for the year                     Reason

                           Guarantee                                                        1,411,121.47

                           Total                                                            1,411,121.47                                                          –

        10.      Non-current assets due within one year

                 Item                                                                                        Closing balance            Opening balance

                 Fixed deposit due within one year                                                       1,986,840,000.00                   2,210,937,867.57

                 Total                                                                                   1,986,840,000.00                   2,210,937,867.57




164   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (continued)

                11.             Other current assets

                                Item                                                                                                                  Closing balance                       Opening balance

                                Time deposits and interest                                                                                                 864,357,351.72                   2,012,245,610.33
                                Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                                                             673,725,104.02                     797,724,954.48
                                Prepaid expenses                                                                                                           164,655,734.25                      98,478,095.15

                                Total                                                                                                               1,702,738,189.99                        2,908,448,659.96

                                Note:       Term deposit maturing within one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other current
                                            assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.

                12.             Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                               Change for the year
                                                                                        Gains or losses  Adjustment                          Declaration
                                                                                      from investment       for other             Other          of cash     Provision for                                   Closing balance
                                            Opening         Additional    Decrease in recognised using comprehensive           change in       dividend       impairment                             Closing of provision for
Investee                                    balance         investment    investment equity method            income              equity       or profit             made          Others            balance     impairment

I. Joint ventures
   Hisense Marketing
     Management Co., Ltd.               50,296,828.45                                    1,441,022.29                                                                                          51,737,850.74
   Subtotal                             50,296,828.45                                    1,441,022.29                                                                                          51,737,850.74

II. Associates
    Qingdao Hisense Financial
      Holdings Co., Ltd.            378,544,813.91                                      12,968,049.38                                                                                         391,512,863.29
    Qingdao Hisense
      International Co., Ltd.           79,254,041.40                                   61,776,387.44    -9,868,592.45      5,371,679.87                                                      136,533,516.26
    Associates of Sanden
      Holdings                       928,121,158.39                                    177,279,316.00                                    -156,816,610.69                     -10,027,537.26 938,556,326.44
    Subtotal                       1,385,920,013.70                                    252,023,752.82    -9,868,592.45      5,371,679.87 -156,816,610.69                     -10,027,537.26 1,466,602,705.99

III. Others
     Jiangxi Kelon Combine
        Electrical Appliances
        Co., Ltd.                       11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                          11,000,000.00     11,000,000.00
     Subtotal                           11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                          11,000,000.00     11,000,000.00

Total                              1,447,216,842.15                                    253,464,775.11    -9,868,592.45      5,371,679.87 -156,816,610.69                     -10,027,537.26 1,529,340,556.73     11,000,000.00

                                 Note: (1)            As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has been
                                                      declared in liquidation, it has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and impairment
                                                      has been fully provided for the investment cost.
                                          (2)         Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly Qingdao Hisense Financial Holdings Co., Ltd) is
                                                      hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.
                                          (3)         H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d. i s h e r e i n a f t e r r e f e r r e d t o a s “H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g
                                                      Management”.
                                          (4)         Qingdao Hisense International Co., Ltd is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.
                                          (5)         As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were
                                                      unlisted companies.




                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022              165
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        12.      Long-term equity investments (continued)

                 Including:

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Unlisted investments:
                 Equity method                                        1,518,340,556.73   1,436,216,842.15
                 Joint ventures                                          51,737,850.74      50,296,828.45
                 Associates                                           1,466,602,705.99   1,385,920,013.70

                 Total                                                1,518,340,556.73   1,436,216,842.15

        13.      Other equity investment

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Non-trading equity investments                         36,399,028.71      38,707,912.25

                 Total                                                  36,399,028.71      38,707,912.25

        14.      Other non-current financial assets

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Financial assets at fair value through
                   other comprehensive income and financial assets
                   at fair value through profit or loss                 25,748,931.39

                 Total                                                  25,748,931.39




166   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      15.    Investment properties

             (1)   Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                    Buildings
                    Item                                       and structures            Lands                 Total

                    I.   Original carrying amount
                    1.   Opening balance                       262,450,391.52     40,609,100.24    303,059,491.76
                    2.   Increase for the year                  14,974,335.13     11,300,784.96     26,275,120.09
                         (1) Additions                          14,974,335.13     11,300,784.96     26,275,120.09
                    3. Decrease for the year                     4,863,339.29     10,243,034.37     15,106,373.66
                         (1) Disposal                                              3,024,684.74      3,024,684.74
                         (2) Exchange rate movements             4,863,339.29      7,218,349.63     12,081,688.92
                    4. Closing balance                         272,561,387.36     41,666,850.83    314,228,238.19
                    II. Accumulated depreciation and
                         accumulated amortisation
                    1. Opening balance                          67,719,410.98                       67,719,410.98
                    2. Increase for the year                    37,792,421.02                       37,792,421.02
                         (1) Provision made or amortisation     37,707,944.72                       37,707,944.72
                         (2) Exchange rate movements                84,476.30                           84,476.30
                    3. Decrease for the year
                    4. Closing balance                         105,511,832.00                      105,511,832.00
                    III. Provision for impairment
                    1. Opening balance
                    2. Increase for the year
                    3. Decrease for the year
                    4. Closing balance
                    IV. Carrying amount
                    1. Carrying amount as at the end of the
                         year                                  167,049,555.36     41,666,850.83    208,716,406.19
                    2. Carrying amount as at the beginning
                         of the year                           194,730,980.54     40,609,100.24    235,340,080.78

             (2)   Investment properties without ownership certificates

                                                         Reason for failure to obtain
                    Item                 Carrying amount ownership certificates

                    Mee King Building           689,725.70 Due to historical reasons; in the process
                                                            of application

             (3)    Depreciation expenses for 2022 amounted to RMB37,707,944.72, and depreciation expenses for
                    2021 amounted to RMB16,214,302.59.

             (4)    As at 31 December 2022, no investment properties were pledged by the Company.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022   167
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        16.      Fixed assets

                                                                                                                                          Closing                            Opening
                 Item                                                                                                                     balance                            balance

                 Fixed assets                                                                                              5,317,673,134.03                   5,188,560,700.49
                 Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                        601,686.53                         193,312.87

                 Total                                                                                                     5,318,274,820.56                   5,188,754,013.36

                 16.1      Fixed assets

                           1)    Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                              Furniture,
                                                                                                            Buildings        Machinery      fixtures and
                                 Item                                                        Lands     and structures    and equipment office equipment     Motor vehicles             Total

                                 I. Original carrying amount
                                 1. Opening balance                                   312,013,470.96 3,511,302,570.13 4,400,492,726.03 3,153,107,269.39      47,157,898.78 11,424,073,935.29
                                 2. Increase for the year                               1,303,882.43 387,637,708.24 563,522,593.85 406,366,723.00            13,199,683.28 1,372,030,590.80
                                      (1) Additions                                                     24,991,385.18 161,069,116.24 137,234,383.56           7,481,735.25 330,776,620.23
                                      (2) Transfer from construction in progress        1,303,882.43 315,972,913.66 393,747,627.15 269,132,339.44             4,245,126.34 984,401,889.02
                                      (3) Exchange rate movements                                       46,673,409.40     8,705,850.46                        1,472,821.69     56,852,081.55
                                 3. Decrease for the year                              11,846,309.68       753,944.73    92,469,539.83 202,160,116.33         4,991,494.93 312,221,405.50
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                        6,814,556.21       753,944.73    92,469,539.83 200,063,571.63         4,991,494.93 305,093,107.33
                                      (2) Exchange rate movements                       5,031,753.47                                       2,096,544.70                         7,128,298.17
                                 4. Closing balance                                   301,471,043.71 3,898,186,333.64 4,871,545,780.05 3,357,313,876.06      55,366,087.13 12,483,883,120.59
                                 II. Accumulated depreciation
                                 1. Opening balance                                                   1,312,741,612.78 2,365,201,918.62 2,431,501,316.34     29,164,932.08 6,138,609,779.82
                                 2. Increase for the year                                               235,308,966.80 382,561,152.89 456,530,106.17          7,213,028.65 1,081,613,254.51
                                      (1) Provision made                                                179,476,732.79 326,188,099.00 454,534,152.51          6,654,294.54 966,853,278.84
                                      (2) Exchange rate movements                                        55,832,234.01    56,373,053.89     1,995,953.66        558,734.11 114,759,975.67
                                 3. Decrease for the year                                                    73,325.66    76,974,677.61 172,519,306.33        4,957,428.67 254,524,738.27
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                                             73,325.66    76,974,677.61 172,519,306.33        4,957,428.67 254,524,738.27
                                 4. Closing balance                                                   1,547,977,253.92 2,670,788,393.90 2,715,512,116.18     31,420,532.06 6,965,698,296.06
                                 III. Provision for impairment
                                 1. Opening balance                                                      7,877,581.92     86,961,068.91      2,061,881.52         2,922.63     96,903,454.98
                                 2. Increase for the year                                                1,198,687.34     56,671,881.89     47,199,415.18       406,439.46    105,476,423.87
                                      (1) Provision made                                                                  56,671,881.89     46,367,577.20       399,374.55    103,438,833.64
                                      (2) Exchange rate movements                                        1,198,687.34                          831,837.98         7,064.91      2,037,590.23
                                 3. Decrease for the year                                                                  1,443,663.81        424,524.54                       1,868,188.35
                                      (1) Disposal or retirement                                                           1,214,418.11        424,524.54                       1,638,942.65
                                      (2) Exchange rate movements                                                            229,245.70                                           229,245.70
                                 4. Closing balance                                                      9,076,269.26    142,189,286.99     48,836,772.16       409,362.09    200,511,690.50
                                 IV. Carrying amount
                                 1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         301,471,043.71 2,341,132,810.46 2,058,568,099.16     592,964,987.72    23,536,192.98 5,317,673,134.03
                                 2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year   312,013,470.96 2,190,683,375.43 1,948,329,738.50     719,544,071.53    17,990,044.07 5,188,560,700.49

                                 F o r 2022, t h e f i x e d a s s e t s t r a n s f e r r e d f r o m c o n s t r u c t i o n i n p r o g r e s s a m o u n t e d t o
                                 RMB984,401,889.02; for 2021, the fixed assets transferred from construction in progress
                                 amounted to RMB454,465,286.81.




168   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      16.    Fixed assets (continued)

             16.1    Fixed assets (continued)

                     2)      Depreciation expenses for 2022 amounted to RMB966,853,278.84, and depreciation
                             expenses for 2021 amounted to RMB836,271,773.21.


                     3)      There were no fixed assets leased through finance leases at the end of the year.


                     4)      The rent out fixed asset under operating lease

                                                                                                                              Closing
                             Item                                                                                    carrying amount

                             Buildings and structures                                                                   193,975,682.37
                             Machinery and equipments, etc.                                                               4,895,524.22

                             Total                                                                                      198,871,206.59


                     5)      Fixed asset which has not obtained the ownership certificate

                                                                    Reason for failure to
                             Item                   Carrying amount obtain ownership certificates

                             Buildings and             351,597,451.23 A c h i e v e d s c h e d u l e d a v a i l a b i l i t y a n d w e r e
                               structures                               reclassified as fixed assets, the issuance of
                                                                        ownership certificate is in progress

             16.2    Disposal of fixed assets

                     Item                                                                Closing balance             Opening balance

                     Disposal of fixed assets                                                    601,686.53                   193,312.87

                     Total                                                                       601,686.53                   193,312.87

      17.    Constructions in progress

             Item                                                                        Closing balance             Opening balance

             Construction in progress                                                      525,171,610.80               665,964,066.15

             Total                                                                         525,171,610.80               665,964,066.15




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022    169
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

             17.          Constructions in progress (continued)

                         (1)           Breakdown of constructions in progress

                                                                                                 Closing balance                                                   Opening balance
                                                                                                       Impairment           Net carrying                                 Impairment           Net carrying
                                       Item                                      Book value              provision               amount             Book value             provision               amount

                                       Air conditioning infrastructure
                                         construction                         3,220,211.80                                  3,220,211.80          2,861,411.80                                2,861,411.80
                                       Refrigerator production line project 260,161,490.98                                260,161,490.98        328,917,989.55                              328,917,989.55
                                       Others                               296,891,339.52           35,101,431.50        261,789,908.02        334,184,664.80                              334,184,664.80

                                       Total                                  560,273,042.30         35,101,431.50        525,171,610.80        665,964,066.15                              665,964,066.15

                         (2)           Movements in key constructions in progress during the year

                                                                                   Decrease for the year
                                                                                                                                                             Accumulative
                                               Opening           Increase     Transferred to                                                                contribution in                   Source of
Name of construction                           balance       for the year        fixed assets    Other decrease Closing balance                  Budget        budget (%)      Progress       funding

Air-conditioning infrastructure                                                                                                                                              Not completed Self funding
  construction                             2,861,411.80      2,064,618.33        1,705,818.33                           3,220,211.80       433,753,816.31              87.22
Refrigerator production line project     328,917,989.55    230,116,104.53      298,872,603.10                         260,161,490.98       767,677,318.00              72.82 Not completed Self funding
Others                                   334,184,664.80    646,530,142.31      683,823,467.59                         296,891,339.52                                         Not completed Self funding

Total                                    665,964,066.15    878,710,865.17      984,401,889.02                         560,273,042.30                                           –              –

                                       Note:      A l l c o n s t r u c t i o n s i n p r o g r e s s o f t h e C o m p a n y w e r e s e l f-f i n a n c e d, w i t h o u t c a p i t a l i s a t i o n o f
                                                  borrowing cost and interest.


                         (3)           Provision for impairment of construction in progress during the year

                                                                                    Provision for
                                       Item                                             the year                 Reason for provision

                                       Other items                                  41,341,908.89                Recoverable amount below carrying value

                                       Total                                        41,341,908.89                –

                                       Note: Provision for impairment of construction in progress during the year decreased by RMB6,240,477.39
                                              due to exchange rate movements.




170      Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      18.    Right-of-use assets

                                                                                     Machinery,
                                                                  Buildings and      equipment
             Item                                                    structures      and others                    Total

             I.   Original carrying amount
             1.   Opening balance                                 233,304,130.13                       233,304,130.13
             2.   Increase for the year                            70,725,690.87   26,924,353.17        97,650,044.04
                  (1) Rental                                       70,725,690.87   26,539,196.63        97,264,887.50
                  (2) Exchange rate movements                                         385,156.54           385,156.54
             3. Decrease for the year                              14,632,183.62                        14,632,183.62
                  (1) Disposal                                      6,587,089.35                         6,587,089.35
                  (2) Exchange rate movements                       8,045,094.27                         8,045,094.27
             4. Closing balance                                   289,397,637.38   26,924,353.17       316,321,990.55
             II. Accumulated depreciation
             1. Opening balance                                    23,626,085.08                        23,626,085.08
             2. Increase for the year                              99,307,590.74   16,190,189.18       115,497,779.92
                  (1) Provision                                    98,115,951.51   15,912,473.69       114,028,425.20
                  (2) Exchange rate movements                       1,191,639.23      277,715.49         1,469,354.72
             3. Decrease for the year                               4,045,194.66                         4,045,194.66
                  (1) Disposal                                      4,045,194.66                         4,045,194.66
             4. Closing balance                                   118,888,481.16   16,190,189.18       135,078,670.34
             III. Provision for impairment
             1. Opening balance
             2. Increase for the year                                  51,258.48                            51,258.48
                  (1) Provision made                                   50,362.89                            50,362.89
                  (2) Exchange rate movements                             895.59                               895.59
             3. Decrease for the year
             4. Closing balance                                        51,258.48                            51,258.48
             IV. Carrying amount
             1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         170,457,897.74   10,734,163.99       181,192,061.73
             2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year   209,678,045.05                       209,678,045.05




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022    171
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        19.      Intangible assets

                (1)        Particulars of intangible assets

                           Item                              Land use rights     Trademarks       Know-how      Sales channels          Others              Total

                           I. Original carrying amount
                           1. Opening balance               1,066,511,514.51   663,195,362.44   82,835,184.40   794,759,590.57   409,430,319.24   3,016,731,971.16
                           2. Increase for the year               663,332.63                     7,724,609.04                     54,356,659.79      62,744,601.46
                               (1) Additions                                                     7,724,609.04                     48,126,815.59      55,851,424.63
                               (2) Exchange rate movements        663,332.63                                                       6,229,844.20       6,893,176.83
                           3. Decrease for the year                                               142,256.14                       1,181,298.61       1,323,554.75
                               (1) Disposal                                                                                        1,181,298.61       1,181,298.61
                               (2) Exchange rate movements                                         142,256.14                                           142,256.14
                           4. Closing balance               1,067,174,847.14   663,195,362.44   90,417,537.30   794,759,590.57   462,605,680.42   3,078,153,017.87
                           II. Accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance                 295,161,328.86   219,794,249.26   45,680,208.42   214,396,177.32   260,653,150.44   1,035,685,114.30
                           2. Increase for the year            22,894,958.90    39,035,849.05    4,761,379.83    95,402,328.78    78,116,054.10     240,210,570.66
                               (1) Provision made              22,884,815.14    39,035,849.05    4,758,043.39    95,402,328.78    77,884,861.44     239,965,897.80
                               (2) Exchange rate movements         10,143.76                         3,336.44                        231,192.66         244,672.86
                           3. Decrease for the year                                                                                1,049,077.26       1,049,077.26
                               (1) Disposal                                                                                        1,049,077.26       1,049,077.26
                           4. Closing balance                 318,056,287.76   258,830,098.31   50,441,588.25   309,798,506.10   337,720,127.28   1,274,846,607.70
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance                  50,012,843.19   286,061,116.40                                        519,447.21    336,593,406.80
                           2. Increase for the year                                                                                7,096,655.68      7,096,655.68
                               (1) Provision made                                                                                  6,972,662.77      6,972,662.77
                               (2) Exchange rate movements                                                                           123,992.91        123,992.91
                           3. Decrease for the year
                           4. Closing balance                  50,012,843.19   286,061,116.40                                      7,616,102.89    343,690,062.48
                           IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Carrying amount as at
                                  the end of the year         699,105,716.19   118,304,147.73   39,975,949.05   484,961,084.47   117,269,450.25   1,459,616,347.69
                           2. Carrying amount as at
                                  the beginning of the year   721,337,342.46   157,339,996.78   37,154,975.98   580,363,413.25   148,257,721.59   1,644,453,450.06

                (2)        There were no land use rights which certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of
                           year.

                (3)        Notes to intangible assets:

                           1)        Amortization of intangible assets amounted to RMB239,965,897.80 for 2022, compared
                                     to that of RMB235,146,575.92 for 2021.


                           2)        As at the end of the year, no land use rights were pledged.


                           3)        As of 31 December 2022, the useful life of the trademark rights with a carrying value of
                                     RMB104,217,827.00 is uncertain. The Group can apply for extension of the trademark
                                     rights at a lower fee upon the expiration of the protection period of the trademark rights,
                                     and the trademark rights will bring economic benefits to the Group during the operation
                                     period based on the comprehensive judgment of the product life cycle and market
                                     conditions.




172   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      19.    Intangible assets (continued)

             (3)   Notes to intangible assets: (continued)


                    The Company calculated the cash flows generated from the trademark rights using the relief
                    f r o m r o y a l t y m e t h o d, a n d t h e r e f o r e t h e r e c o v e r a b l e a m o u n t w a s e s t i m a t e d b a s e d o n t h e
                    trademark rights assets, which is determined based on the present value of expected future
                    cash flows. The Company predicted revenue growth rate and prepared net profit and cash flow
                    forecasts for the next 5 years based on historical actual operating data, long-term planning,
                    signed contracts and other data, combined with market capacity growth rate, market share
                    and external competition and other factors, and the pre-tax discount rate used in the cash flow
                    forecast was 20.70% assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years.


                    According to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of these
                    trademark rights at the end of the year and no provision for impairment was made.

      20.    Goodwill

             (1)   The original value of goodwill

                                                                                              Increase for                  Decrease
                    Name of investee                         Opening balance                      the year               for the year         Closing balance

                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi
                      Air-Conditioning
                      Systems Co., Ltd.                        132,571,746.36                                                                  132,571,746.36
                    Sanden Company                             93,837,131.40                                                                   93,837,131.40

                    Total                                    226,408,877.76                                                                  226,408,877.76

             (2)    Impairment provision for goodwill

                    After testing, the Company’s management estimated that no impairment provision for goodwill
                    was required during the Reporting Period.

             (3)   Relevant information on the asset group which goodwill belongs to or group of assets

                    The goodwill formed by the Company’s acquisition of Hisense Hitachi is reflected in the
                    operation of air conditioning business asset group of Hisense Hitachi at the acquisition date.
                    Since it can generate cash flow independently, the Company regards development, design,
                    manufacturing and sales of air-conditioning products of Hisense Hitachi as an individual asset
                    group and allocated the goodwill of RMB132,571,746.36 to the asset group.

                    The goodwill formed by the Company’s acquisition of Sanden Company is reflected in the
                    operation of business asset group of Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning at the acquisition date.
                    Since it can generate cash flow independently, the Company regards development, design,
                    m a n u f a c t u r i n g a n d s a l e s o f a u t o m o b i l e a i r-c o n d i t i o n i n g a n d c o m p r e s s o r p r o d u c t s a s a n
                    individual asset group and allocated the goodwill of RMB93,837,131.40 to the asset group.




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022      173
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        20.      Goodwill (continued)

                (4)        Specify test procedure, parameters of impairment of goodwill as well as recognition
                           method for impairment loss

                           The recoverable amount of asset group, which includes goodwill, is determined based on the
                           present value of expected future cash flows. The Company predicted revenue growth rate and
                           gross profit margin and prepared net profit and cash flow forecasts for the next 5 years based on
                           historical actual operating data, long-term planning, signed contracts and other data, combined
                           with market capacity growth rate, market share and external competition and other factors,
                           assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years. A pre-tax rate that reflects the
                           specific risks of the relevant asset group is used as the discount rate.

                           According to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of the goodwill
                           at the end of the year and no provision for impairment was made.

        21.      Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                Opening          Increase for     Amortization             Other            Closing
                 Item                                           balance              the year      for the year        deductions           balance

                 Long-term prepaid expenses                 26,229,463.77       27,937,381.45     12,543,841.33                       41,623,003.89

                 Total                                      26,229,463.77       27,937,381.45     12,543,841.33                       41,623,003.89

        22.      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                (1)        Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                      Closing balance                                 Opening balance
                                                                 Deductible                                       Deductible
                                                                 temporary                  Deferred              temporary               Deferred
                           Item                                   difference               tax assets              difference            tax assets

                           Provision for
                             impairment of assets             258,208,504.90           52,526,517.83        189,030,821.62           38,936,857.33
                           Accrued expenses                 4,209,763,962.61          824,763,309.51      4,228,752,519.81          743,857,840.75
                           Others                             963,402,196.04          170,563,594.88        904,191,138.56          160,431,999.99

                           Total                            5,431,374,663.55        1,047,853,422.22      5,321,974,479.99          943,226,698.07

                (2)        Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                                      Closing balance                                 Opening balance
                                                                     Taxable                                         Taxable
                                                                  temporary                 Deferred              temporary               Deferred
                           Item                                    difference          tax liabilities             difference        tax liabilities

                           Accelerated depreciation          463,758,822.06            74,852,682.89        316,711,936.48           54,796,099.85
                           Transactional financial assets     10,917,458.18             2,729,364.55         36,817,366.92            8,686,861.03
                           Asset appraisal appreciation
                             due to business combination
                             involving entities not under
                             common control                  285,886,349.64            55,938,555.95        276,129,764.30           62,260,782.07
                           Others                            322,466,708.69            98,345,276.74        307,644,154.23           93,831,467.04

                           Total                            1,083,029,338.57          231,865,880.13        937,303,221.93          219,575,209.99



174   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      22.    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

             (3)     Deferred income tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                                                             Deferred income
                                                     Deferred income Closing balance of         tax assets and     Opening balance
                                                        tax assets and   deferred income      liabilities offset of deferred income
                                                      liabilities offset   tax assets and      amounts at the           tax assets or
                                                   amounts at the end liabilities balance            beginning             liabilities
                     Item                                  of the year    after offsetting         of the year       after offsetting

                     Deferred tax assets                63,685,918.19      984,167,504.03       45,357,753.69         897,868,944.38
                     Deferred tax liabilities           63,685,918.19      168,179,961.94       45,357,753.69         174,217,456.30

             (4)     Breakdown of unrecognized deferred tax assets

                     Item                                                              Closing balance          Opening balance

                     Deductible temporary difference                                  2,378,723,285.38          2,226,360,932.38
                     Deductible tax loss                                              3,889,989,642.03          3,631,579,322.45

                     Total                                                            6,268,712,927.41          5,857,940,254.83

             (5)     The deductible tax losses for unrecognized deferred tax assets will expire in following
                     timeframe

                     Year                       Closing balance         Opening balance      Remark

                     2022                                                  6,973,879.22
                     2023                         55,072,161.24          105,542,823.75
                     2024                         69,425,317.63           52,136,305.85
                     2025                        312,819,912.92          367,451,737.01
                     2026                        166,796,848.95          223,590,054.66
                     2027 (Opening
                       balance at 2027
                       and afterwards)            243,265,630.99        2,875,884,521.96
                     2028 and afterwards        3,042,609,770.30

                     Total                      3,889,989,642.03        3,631,579,322.45

      23.    Other non-current assets

             Item                                                                      Closing balance          Opening balance

             Term deposit and interest                                                7,978,930,444.45          5,293,818,555.55
             Others                                                                     241,771,437.81            385,285,950.79

             Total                                                                    8,220,701,882.26          5,679,104,506.34

             Note:   Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-
                     current assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022   175
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        24.      Short-term borrowings

                (1)        Categories of short-term borrowings

                           Categories of borrowings                                         Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Credit borrowings                                                  26,012,347.63       506,386,195.58
                           Guarantee borrowings                                            1,414,315,667.74     2,331,558,482.32
                           Mortgage borrowings                                                21,925,697.87        21,039,551.59

                           Total                                                           1,462,253,713.24     2,858,984,229.49

                (2)        There are no outstanding short-borrowing due as at the end of the year.

        25.      Transactional financial liabilities

                 Item                                                                       Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Transactional financial liabilities                                            1,745,488.01             244.38
                 Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                    1,745,488.01             244.38

                 Total                                                                          1,745,488.01             244.38

                 Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

                 It mainly represents the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized as
                 transactional financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the
                 outstanding forward contracts and the forward exchange rates at the end of the year.

        26.      Notes payable

                 Categories of notes                                                        Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Bank acceptance notes                                                     8,301,493,794.02     8,297,769,116.19
                 Commercial acceptance notes                                               3,020,777,415.52     3,216,186,573.39

                 Total                                                                    11,322,271,209.54    11,513,955,689.58

                 Note:     There were no outstanding notes payable due as at the end of the year.

        27.      Accounts payable

                 Ageing analysis of accounts payable based on the date of recognition is as follows:

                 Ageing                                                                     Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Within one year                                                           9,581,962,727.38    11,686,087,910.82
                 Over one year                                                               135,704,099.06        93,192,797.74

                 Total                                                                     9,717,666,826.44    11,779,280,708.56

                 Note:     As at 31 December 2022, accounts payable with ageing of over one year amounted to RMB135,704,099.06
                           (31 December 2021: RMB93,192,797.74), which represented mainly raw material payable and was not
                           settled yet.




176   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      28.    Contract liability

             Item                                                                   Closing balance            Opening balance

             Advance on sales                                                       1,145,145,334.78           1,147,112,513.32

             Total                                                                  1,145,145,334.78           1,147,112,513.32

             Note:   The balance of contract liability at the beginning of the year recognised as revenue during the year
                     amounted to RMB1,102,953,661.36.

      29.    Employee remunerations payable

             (1)     Categories of employee remunerations payable

                                                           Opening             Increase           Decrease                Closing
                     Item                                  balance         for the year        for the year               balance

                     Short-term remuneration          927,881,109.67   6,930,339,893.01    6,861,362,824.55        996,858,178.13
                     Post-employment benefits –
                       defined contribution plans        705,321.31     368,882,506.16      365,623,450.34            3,964,377.13
                     Termination benefits                 49,000.00      38,261,133.68       36,865,334.13            1,444,799.55

                     Total                            928,635,430.98   7,337,483,532.85    7,263,851,609.02       1,002,267,354.81

             (2)     Short-term remuneration

                                                            Opening             Increase           Decrease                Closing
                     Item                                   balance         for the year        for the year               balance

                     Wages and salaries, bonuses,
                       allowances and subsidies       911,615,564.36    5,912,812,926.73    5,875,091,106.65        949,337,384.44
                     Staff welfare                      7,650,965.81      299,758,247.23      274,906,093.32         32,503,119.72
                     Social insurance                   4,520,184.75      472,404,527.94      466,458,955.09         10,465,757.60
                     Including: Medical insurance       4,203,199.16      456,285,282.94      450,963,508.68          9,524,973.42
                                Work-related injury
                                   insurance              256,528.10      15,692,683.59       15,075,419.88             873,791.81
                                Maternity insurance        60,457.49         426,561.41          420,026.53              66,992.37
                     Housing provident funds            1,623,129.86     191,927,841.07      192,008,973.77           1,541,997.16
                     Labour union funds and
                       employee education funds         2,471,264.89      53,436,350.04       52,897,695.72           3,009,919.21

                     Total                            927,881,109.67   6,930,339,893.01    6,861,362,824.55         996,858,178.13

             (3)     Defined contribution plans

                                                           Opening             Increase           Decrease
                     Item                                  balance         for the year        for the year       Closing balance

                     Basic pension insurance             658,573.94     352,999,625.52      349,844,339.48            3,813,859.98
                     Unemployment insurance               46,747.37      15,882,880.64       15,779,110.86              150,517.15

                     Total                               705,321.31     368,882,506.16      365,623,450.34            3,964,377.13




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2022   177
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        30.      Taxes payable

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Value-added tax                                       147,919,026.32     148,312,802.04
                 Enterprise income tax                                 426,130,125.08     442,961,346.82
                 Individual Income Tax                                  20,910,752.94       7,851,898.88
                 City maintenance and construction tax                  10,826,556.61      13,970,305.54
                 Real estate tax                                        11,357,449.84      10,270,648.40
                 Land use tax                                           13,564,637.04      12,234,861.97
                 Educational surcharges                                  8,387,515.60      10,011,682.17
                 Others                                                 66,725,800.60      79,799,516.61

                 Total                                                 705,821,864.03     725,413,062.43

        31.      Other payables

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Dividends payable                                       67,374,222.13
                 Other payable                                        5,151,780,641.91   3,425,374,535.37

                 Total                                                5,219,154,864.04   3,425,374,535.37

                (1)        Dividends payable

                           Item                                       Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Dividends on ordinary shares                 67,374,222.13

                           Total                                        67,374,222.13

                (2)        Other payables by nature

                           Item                                       Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Current account                            4,157,585,503.74   2,671,222,147.29
                           Deposit and margin                           812,260,063.15     651,481,871.87
                           Payment for project and equipment            181,935,075.02     102,670,516.21

                           Total                                      5,151,780,641.91   3,425,374,535.37

        32.      Non-current liabilities due within one year

                 Item                                                 Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Long-term borrowings due within one year               14,044,590.55      15,197,567.63
                 Lease liabilities due within one year                 131,125,568.68     156,152,292.88

                 Total                                                 145,170,159.23     171,349,860.51




178   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      33.    Other current liabilities

             Item                        Closing balance     Opening balance      Reasons for the balance

             Installation fees            951,227,502.35      715,171,993.70      Installation fee provided for but not
                                                                                    yet paid in respect of goods sold
             Sales discounts             3,052,934,508.66    3,349,753,893.92     Incurred but not yet settled
             Others                      1,639,283,379.49    1,397,449,719.72     Incurred but not yet settled

             Total                       5,643,445,390.50    5,462,375,607.34

      34.    Long-term borrowings

             Types of borrowings                                                 Closing balance      Opening balance

             Secured borrowings                                                    25,959,502.17             244,339.70
             Guaranteed borrowings                                                  6,673,784.72          32,148,420.42
             Credit borrowings                                                      1,219,543.50          15,187,643.35
             Less: Long-term loans due within one year                             14,044,590.55          15,197,567.63

             Total                                                                 19,808,239.84          32,382,835.84

      35.    Lease liabilities

             Item                                                                Closing balance      Opening balance

             Lease liabilities                                                    277,195,821.24         395,949,053.40

             Total                                                                277,195,821.24         395,949,053.40

      36.    Long-term employee remunerations payable

             Classification of long-term employee remunerations payable

             Item                                                                Closing balance      Opening balance

             Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined
               benefit plans                                                      116,092,710.65         143,732,252.27

             Total                                                                116,092,710.65         143,732,252.27

      37.    Provisions

             Item                          Closing balance    Opening balance     Reason for occurrence

             Pending litigation             130,363,423.59      145,852,661.79    Estimated litigation compensation
             Provision for warranties       834,505,618.74      786,315,935.89    Estimated quality guarantee of products
             Others                         348,869,373.67      485,121,129.04    Estimated other expenditures

             Total                        1,313,738,416.00    1,417,289,726.72    –




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   179
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        38.      Deferred income

                (1)        Classification of deferred Income

                                                                  Opening         Increase for            Decrease for             Closing         Reason
                           Item                                   balance             the year                the year             balance         for occurrence

                           Government grants               152,987,034.48        19,968,334.56           27,119,787.02       145,835,582.02        Amortization of
                                                                                                                                                   government grants

                           Total                           152,987,034.48        19,968,334.56           27,119,787.02       145,835,582.02        –

                (2)        Government grants

                                                                                                   Amount
                                                                               New grants       included in
                                                                                 received             other                                            Related to
                                                                 Opening           during    income during        Exchange rate         Closing        assets/
                           Government grants                     balance         the year          the year         movements           balance        revenue

                           State debenture projects for
                              technical advancement and
                              industry upgrade               21,450,000.00                                                         21,450,000.00       Related to assets
                           Technology reform project for
                              design and production of
                              high-precision smart moulds       186,666.67                         186,666.67                                          Related to assets
                           Transformation project on
                              system integration technology
                              of green
                              supply chain of freezers        8,987,809.46                        1,381,194.84                      7,606,614.62       Related to assets
                           The invested guidance fund
                              within the budget of central
                              government for development
                              of national service industry
                              for 2018                        3,445,000.00                          530,000.00                      2,915,000.00       Related to assets
                           Transformation projects           10,628,560.80                        1,745,825.71                      8,882,735.09       Related to assets
                           Other related to assets          107,888,997.55   17,666,405.00       23,276,099.80     2,301,929.56   104,581,232.31       Related to assets
                           Other related to revenue             400,000.00                                                            400,000.00       Related to revenue

                           Total                            152,987,034.48   17,666,405.00       27,119,787.02     2,301,929.56   145,835,582.02

        39.      Other non-current liabilities

                 Item                                                                                            Closing balance          Opening balance

                 Long-term dividends payable                                                                      667,927,206.75
                 Others                                                                                            23,065,694.36                   28,258,009.23

                 Total                                                                                            690,992,901.11                   28,258,009.23




180   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      40.    Share capital

                                                                                                                 Change for the year (+,-)
                                                                                  Issue of                                   Conversion
             Categories of shares                    Opening balance           new shares              Bonus issue         from reserve              Others              Subtotal Closing balance

             Total number of shares                  1,362,725,370.00                                                                                                                    1,362,725,370.00

      41.    Capital reserve

                                                                                                                             Increase                    Decrease
             Item                                                              Opening balance                           for the year                 for the year               Closing balance

             Share premium                                                      1,956,823,650.95                                                        448,176.25              1,956,375,474.70
             Other capital reserve                                                112,421,450.92                        5,371,679.87                                              117,793,130.79

             Total                                                              2,069,245,101.87                        5,371,679.87                    448,176.25              2,074,168,605.49

             The change in share capital premium is mainly due to the effect of changes in the share of ownership
             interest in subsidiaries.

             Main reason for the change in other capital surplus: the effect of changes in other equity in companies
             accounted for under the equity method.

      42.    Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                   Amount incurred in the year
                                                                                                                Less: Included
                                                                                             Less: Amount              in other
                                                                                         included in other      comprehensive
                                                                                            comprehensive        income in the
                                                                                                 income in     previous period
                                                                              Amount       previous period     and transferred
                                                                                before        transfered to         in retained                                          Attributable
                                                                           income tax      profit or loss in       earnings in      Less: income    Attributable to       to minority
             Item                                   Opening balance       for the year      current period      current period       tax expense   parent after tax interest after tax      Closing balance

             1. Other comprehensive income that
                     would not be reclassified to
                     profit or loss                        -100,000.00                                                                                                                          -100,000.00
                   Including: Changes in the fair
                     value of other equity instruments
                     investment                            -100,000.00                                                                                                                          -100,000.00
             2. Other comprehensive income that
                      would be reclassified to profit
                      or loss                            93,669,998.57   20,116,688.31                                                               27,697,446.93       -7,580,758.62       121,367,445.50
                  Including: other comprehensive
                                income that would be
                                reclassified into profit
                                or loss under equity
                                method                    8,268,968.22   -9,868,592.45                                                               -9,868,592.45                            -1,599,624.23
             Difference arising from translation of
               financial statements presented in
               foreign currency                          66,604,509.35    8,985,415.54                                                               21,841,340.30      -12,855,924.76        88,445,849.65
             Others                                      18,796,521.00   20,999,865.22                                                               15,724,699.08        5,275,166.14        34,521,220.08

             Total other comprehensive income           93,569,998.57    20,116,688.31                                                               27,697,446.93       -7,580,758.62       121,267,445.50



                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022             181
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        43.      Surplus reserve

                                                                 Opening             Increase           Decrease                Closing
                 Item                                            balance         for the year        for the year               balance

                 Statutory surplus reserve                711,971,309.99                                                711,971,309.99

                 Total                                    711,971,309.99                                                711,971,309.99


                 Note:     The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as legal reserve. If the accumulated legal reserve reaches
                           more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be made.

        44.      Undistributed profits

                                                                                                      Amount               Amount for
                 Item                                                                             for the year           previous year

                 Balance at the end of the previous year                                   6,104,843,404.90            5,624,296,033.51
                 Add: Adjustment of undistributed profits as at the
                         beginning of the year
                 Correction of material prior period error
                 Balance at the beginning of the year                                      6,104,843,404.90            5,624,296,033.51
                 Add: Net profits attributable to the owners of the parent
                         in current year                                                   1,434,904,374.84             972,581,491.39
                 Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                                                        19,168,416.61
                 Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                        291,623,229.18             472,865,703.39

                 Balance at the end of the year                                            7,248,124,550.56            6,104,843,404.90

        45.      Operating revenue and costs

                (1)        Particulars operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                   Amount for the year                   Amount for previous year
                           Item                                    Revenue                Costs            Revenue                  Costs

                           Principal operations           67,494,739,192.70   52,573,262,431.34    60,762,227,036.98     47,781,456,257.13
                           Other operations                6,620,411,846.59    6,209,856,768.69     6,800,376,629.83      6,468,608,994.00

                           Total                          74,115,151,039.29   58,783,119,200.03    67,562,603,666.81     54,250,065,251.13




182   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      45.    Operating revenue and costs (continued)

             (2)     Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                          Amount for the year                   Amount for previous year
                     Categories of contract               Revenue                Costs            Revenue                    Costs

                     Categories of product:
                     Air-conditioners             34,499,733,925.58   24,865,299,572.62   30,402,508,314.77     22,412,241,525.76
                     Refrigerators and washing
                       machines                   21,207,092,434.08   17,489,202,653.17   23,017,878,500.74     19,166,515,895.96
                     Others                       11,787,912,833.04   10,218,760,205.55    7,341,840,221.47      6,202,698,835.41
                     By operating regions:
                     Domestic                     42,624,208,014.02   30,048,541,796.87   37,601,996,641.67     26,597,217,725.01
                     Overseas                     24,870,531,178.68   22,524,720,634.47   23,160,230,395.31     21,184,238,532.12

                     Total                        67,494,739,192.70   52,573,262,431.34   60,762,227,036.98     47,781,456,257.13

      46.    Tax and surcharges

                                                                                          Amount for              Amount for
             Item                                                                           the year            previous year

             City maintenance and construction tax                                   126,031,877.34             97,768,152.76
             Education surcharges                                                     90,643,486.81             70,195,011.29
             Others                                                                  262,560,636.94            231,143,084.33

             Total                                                                   479,236,001.09            399,106,248.38

      47.    Sales expenses

                                                                                          Amount for              Amount for
             Item                                                                           the year            previous year

             Sales expenses                                                        8,070,720,273.85           7,672,002,974.36

             Total                                                                 8,070,720,273.85           7,672,002,974.36

             Note:   In 2022, sales expenses mainly include after-sale expenses, publicity and promotion, and employee
                     compensation, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 70% (2021: over 70%).

      48.    Management expenses

                                                                                          Amount for              Amount for
             Item                                                                           the year            previous year

             Management expenses                                                   1,821,201,420.18           1,326,886,898.17

             Total                                                                 1,821,201,420.18           1,326,886,898.17

             Note:   In 2022, management expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and
                     executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 80% (2021: over 80%).




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    183
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        49.      Research and development expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Research and development expenses                                        2,289,313,746.54       1,986,668,028.13

                 Total                                                                    2,289,313,746.54       1,986,668,028.13

                 Note:     In 2022, research and development expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and
                           amortization, and direct expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development expenses over
                           80% (2021: over 80%).

        50.      Financial expenses

                                                                                                Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                             the year           previous year

                 Interest expenses                                                           88,136,778.11           40,547,610.76
                 Less: Interest incomes                                                      79,204,113.83           81,915,216.18
                 Add: Exchange loss                                                        -205,797,333.01           80,181,325.55
                       Other expenses                                                        14,700,837.34           17,850,244.41

                 Total                                                                     -182,163,831.39           56,663,964.54

                 Note:     Interest expenses for 2022 include interest expenses of lease liabilities of RMB10,097,415.81 (2021:
                           RMB6,880,756.67). Other interest expenses for 2022 and 2021 were wholly interests on bank borrowings,
                           of which the last term of repayment is within five years.

        51.      Other income

                                                                                                                          Amount
                                                                                                                       included in
                                                                                                                    non-recurring
                                                                               Amount for          Amount for        profit or loss
                 Sources arising other income                                    the year        previous year        for the year

                 Immediate refund of value-added tax                       268,476,480.28      237,985,800.44
                 Others government subsidies related to general
                   activities                                              130,642,115.81      139,292,529.45       130,642,115.81
                 Others                                                      3,666,401.66       36,624,360.89

                 Total                                                     402,784,997.75      413,902,690.78       130,642,115.81




184   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      52.    Investment gain

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                                         the year           previous year

             Gain from long-term equity investment by the equity method             253,464,775.11          150,205,515.55
             Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                   -52,786,004.23          157,031,168.53
             Interest income from time deposits                                     247,540,002.04          212,695,346.68
             Others                                                                  64,493,268.09          -12,816,772.46

             Total                                                                  512,712,041.01          507,115,258.30

             Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Investee                                                                     the year           previous year

             Hisense Financial Holdings                                              12,968,049.38           -5,188,467.76
             Hisense Marketing Management                                             1,441,022.29            2,672,226.10
             Hisense International                                                   61,776,387.44           64,315,643.46
             Associates of Sanden Company                                           177,279,316.00           88,406,113.75

             Total                                                                  253,464,775.11          150,205,515.55

             Note:   The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all
                     generated from non-listed investments.

      53.    Gain from changes in fair value

                                                                                        Amount for             Amount for
             Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value                           the year           previous year

             Transactional financial assets                                            24,267,465.22         34,055,721.68
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                          financial instruments                                        7,733,902.74           -5,511,637.20
             Transactional financial liabilities                                      -1,745,243.63
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                          financial instruments                                       -1,745,243.63

             Total                                                                    22,522,221.59          34,055,721.68




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022   185
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        54.      Impairment loss on credit

                                                                                      Amount for          Amount for
                 Item                                                                   the year        previous year

                 Loss of bad debts of Notes receivable                               3,894,431.38       -1,052,211.87
                 Loss of bad debts of Accounts receivable                         -129,625,058.64       26,649,368.04
                 Loss of bad debts of other receivables                            -25,140,460.23      -15,817,876.38

                 Total                                                            -150,871,087.49        9,779,279.79

        55.      Impairment losses on assets

                                                                                      Amount for          Amount for
                 Item                                                                   the year        previous year

                 Decline in value of inventories                                  -124,759,689.84      -54,200,917.06
                 Impairment loss on fixed assets                                  -103,438,833.64       -2,005,936.97
                 Impairment loss on contractual assets                               1,411,121.47       -5,221,946.83
                 Impairment loss on construction in progress                       -41,341,908.89
                 Impairment loss on intangible assets                               -6,972,662.77
                 Impairment loss on right-of-use assets                                -50,362.89

                 Total                                                            -275,152,336.56      -61,428, 800.86

        56.      Gains on disposal of assets (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                                          included in
                                                                                                       non-recurring
                                                                       Amount for        Amount for profit or loss of
                 Item                                                    the year      previous year the current year

                 Gains on disposal of non-current assets               1,384,257.12     6,261,684.40     1,384,257.12
                 Including: Gains on disposal of non current
                             assets which are not classified as
                             held for sale                             1,384,257.12     6,261,684.40     1,384,257.12
                 Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets          1,289,209.31     6,363,830.10     1,289,209.31
                            Gains on disposal of intangible assets        14,858.49      -102,145.70        14,858.49

                 Total                                                 1,384,257.12     6,261,684.40     1,384,257.12

        57.      Non-operating income

                (1)        Non operating income

                                                                                                             Amount
                                                                                                          included in
                                                                                                       non-recurring
                                                                       Amount for        Amount for profit or loss of
                           Item                                          the year      previous year the current year

                           Gain from scrapping of non-current assets   6,774,905.91     5,446,072.52     6,774,905.91
                           Government grants                          95,280,842.65    80,529,475.26    95,280,842.65
                           Others                                    429,194,063.77   105,521,413.79   429,194,063.77

                           Total                                     531,249,812.33   191,496,961.57   531,249,812.33




186   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      57.    Non-operating income (continued)

             (2)     Government grants recognized in the profits or losses for the year:

                                                            Amount for the year           Amount for previous year
                                                         Included in                      Included in
                                                       non-operating      Included in   non-operating      Included in        Related to
                     Item                                    income     other income          income     other income     assets/revenue

                     Immediate refund of value-                                                                                Related to
                       added tax                                       268,476,480.28                   237,985,800.44           revenue
                     Technology reform project for
                       design and production of                                                                                Related to
                       high-precision smart moulds                        186,666.67                       280,000.00              assets
                     Transformation project on
                       system integration technology
                       of green supply chain of                                                                                Related to
                       freezers                                          1,381,194.84                     1,381,194.84             assets
                     The invested guidance fund
                       within the budget of central
                       government for development
                       of national service industry                                                                            Related to
                       for 2018                                            530,000.00                       530,000.00             assets
                     Transformation projects                             1,745,825.71                     2,631,452.23         Related to
                                                                                                                                   assets
                     Other government grants                                                                                   Related to
                       related to assets                                23,276,099.80                    31,475,038.56             assets
                     Other government grants                                                                                   Related to
                       related to daily operation                      103,522,328.79                   102,994,843.82           revenue
                     Government grants not related                                                                             Related to
                       to daily operation              95,280,842.65                    80,529,475.26                            revenue

                     Total                             95,280,842.65 399,118,596.09     80,529,475.26 377,278,329.89

      58.    Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                                    included in
                                                                                                                 non-recurring
                                                                               Amount for          Amount for profit or loss of
             Item                                                                the year        previous year the current year

             Loss on scrapping of non-current assets                        11,808,192.90         8,172,373.79           11,808,192.90
             Others                                                         62,736,213.63        47,683,719.43           62,736,213.63

             Total                                                          74,544,406.53        55,856,093.22           74,544,406.53




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   187
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
        59.      Income tax expense

                (1)        Income tax expense

                                                                                              Amount for         Amount for
                           Item                                                                 the year       previous year

                           Current income tax expenses                                     846,911,451.83     807,118,837.42
                           Including: PRC Enterprise income tax                            807,415,277.51     781,494,087.49
                                      Hong Kong profit tax                                     910,933.90           1,893.93
                           Deferred income tax expenses                                    -92,336,054.01    -233,382,810.25

                           Total                                                           754,575,397.82     573,736,027.17

                (2)        Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses is as follows:

                                                                                                                 Amount for
                           Item                                                                                    the year

                           Total profits                                                                     3,823,809,728.21
                           Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates                955,952,432.05
                           Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries                -330,168,087.86
                           Adjustment to income tax in previous year                                           -21,309,933.21
                           Effect of non-taxable income                                                        -19,046,364.78
                           Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                     137,238,906.53
                           Effect of utilization of deductible losses unrecognized as deferred
                             tax assets in previous period                                                     -30,384,600.07
                           Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss
                             unrecognized as deferred tax assets in current period                            276,136,471.10
                           Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                     -214,016,657.71
                           Others                                                                                 173,231.77
                           Income tax expense                                                                 754,575,397.82

        60.      Other comprehensive income

                 Please see note 6(42) Other comprehensive income for details.

        61.      Cash flows statement

                (1)        Cash received/paid relating to other operating/investing/financing activities


                           1)      Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                              Amount for         Amount for
                                   Item                                                         the year       previous year

                                   Interest incomes                                         63,468,382.57      79,333,813.00
                                   Government grants                                       196,708,824.30     205,747,522.74
                                   Others                                                  849,061,174.04     527,064,207.53

                                   Total                                                  1,109,238,380.91    812,145,543.27




188   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      61.    Cash flows statement (continued)

             (1)   Cash received/paid relating to other operating/investing/financing activities (continued)


                    2)    Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Cash payments for management expenses                  1,624,788,278.45     1,279,316,240.74
                          Cash payments for sales expenses                       5,836,213,521.99     5,365,240,373.36
                          Bank charges                                              13,143,825.95        17,957,954.11
                          Others                                                   819,724,796.99       968,947,254.52

                          Total                                                  8,293,870,423.38     7,631,461,822.73


                    3)    Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Disposal of wealth management products and
                            time deposits upon maturity                      21,961,943,503.77       16,386,999,131.90
                          Cash paid for acquiring subsidiaries and other
                            operation units                                                              967,422,350.72

                          Total                                              21,961,943,503.77       17,354,421,482.62


                    4)    Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Acquisition of wealth management products
                           and time deposits                                 24,197,924,915.84       20,860,529,612.29

                          Total                                              24,197,924,915.84       20,860,529,612.29


                    5)    Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Security deposit                                         657,509,903.00     1,348,943,726.14
                          Other                                                  1,213,305,033.91     1,065,119,550.22

                          Total                                                  1,870,814,936.91     2,414,063,276.36




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2022   189
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        61.      Cash flows statement (continued)

                (1)        Cash received/paid relating to other operating/investing/financing activities (continued)


                           6)       Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                       Amount for           Amount for
                                    Item                                                                 the year         previous year

                                    Payment of the principal and interest on lease
                                      liabilities                                                     33,372,167.20       24,581,012.51
                                    Others                                                           469,593,905.55       77,643,191.36

                                    Total                                                            502,966,072.75      102,224,203.87

                (2)        Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement

                                                                                                          Amount for           Amount for
                           Item                                                                             the year         previous year

                           1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                              activities:                                                                            –                   –
                              Net profit                                                              3,069,234,330.39    2,342,800,977.37
                              Add: Impairment loss on assets                                            275,152,336.56       61,428,800.86
                                    Impairment loss on credit                                           150,871,087.49       -9,779,279.79
                                    Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and gas assets
                                       and depreciation of productive biological assets               1,004,561,223.56      852,486,075.80
                                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 114,028,425.20       35,130,023.52
                                    Amortization of intangible assets                                   239,965,897.80      235,146,575.92
                                    Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                           12,543,841.33       49,245,974.00
                                    Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other
                                       long-term assets (Gain denoted in “-”)                            -1,384,257.12        -6,261,684.40
                                    Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain denoted in “-”)              5,033,286.99         2,726,301.27
                                    Loss on change in fair value (Gain denoted in “-”)                  -22,522,221.59       -34,055,721.68
                                    Financial expenses (Gain denoted in “-”)                           -117,660,554.90       120,728,936.31
                                    Investment loss (Gain denoted in “-”)                              -512,712,041.01      -507,115,258.30
                                    Decrease in deferred tax assets (Increase denoted in “-”)           -86,298,559.65      -172,837,580.29
                                    Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Decrease denoted in “-”)       -6,037,494.36       -60,545,229.96
                                    Decrease in inventories (Increase denoted in “-”)                 1,835,856,733.51   -2,695,292 ,980.61
                                    Decrease in operating receivables (Increase denoted in “-”)        -658,220,353.58       613,381,314.83
                                    Increase in operating payables (Decrease denoted in “-”)         -1,270,029,078.24     3,486,593,515.42
                                    Others
                                    Net cash flows from operating activities                          4,032,382,602.38    4,313,780,760.27
                           2. Significant investment and financing activities not involving
                              cash receipts and payments:
                              Liabilities converted into equity
                              Convertible company debentures due within one year
                              Fixed assets under finance leases
                           3. Net movement in cash and cash equivalents:
                              Cash at the end of the year                                             2,478,346,075.40    2,879,176,794.68
                              Less: Cash at the beginning of the year                                 2,879,176,794.68    1,617,202,572.26
                              Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the year
                              Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
                              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                -400,830,719.28    1,261,974,222.42




190   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      61.    Cash flows statement (continued)

             (3)     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries during the year

                                                                                                           Amount for
                     Item                                                                                    the year

                     Cash or cash equivalents received during the year from disposal of
                       subsidiaries during the year                                                     77,345,600.00
                     Including: SANDEN SYSTEM ENGINEERING CO., LTD.                                     77,345,600.00
                     Less: Cash or cash equivalents held by subsidiaries on
                             the date of loss of control                                                20,947,706.56
                     Including: SANDEN SYSTEM ENGINEERING CO., LTD.                                     20,947,706.56
                     Add: Cash or cash equivalents received during the year from
                             disposal of subsidiaries during past periods
                     Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries                                    56,397,893.44

             (4)     Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                   Amount for             Amount for
                     Item                                                            the year           previous year

                     Cash                                                      2,478,346,075.40     2,879,176,794.68
                     Including: Cash on hand                                         716,500.30           181,739.29
                                Bank deposits that are readily available for
                                  payment                                      2,468,795,515.31     2,872,579,821.13
                                Other cash at bank and on hand that are
                                  readily available for payment                    8,834,059.79           6,415,234.26
                     Cash equivalents
                     Including: Bo nd investments due within three
                                   months
                     Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year       2,478,346,075.40     2,879,176,794.68
                     Including: Ca sh and cash equivalents of the parent
                                   or subsidiaries subject to restrictions
                                   on use

      62.    Assets with limited ownership or use rights

                                                                  Closing      Reason
             Item                                        carrying amount       for limitation

             Cash at bank and on hand                     3,522,949,351.97     Restricted Margin
             Notes receivable                                62,225,000.00     As collaterals for bank acceptance
                                                                                 notes
             Fixed assets Inventories                       140,672,594.71     Obtaining Borrowings
             Inventories                                    116,018,050.24     Obtaining Borrowings
             Accounts receivables                           108,260,008.30     Obtaining Borrowings
             Other non-current assets                     2,500,000,000.00     As collaterals for bank acceptance
                                                                                 notes
             Non-current assets due within one year         600,000,000.00     As collaterals for bank acceptance
                                                                                 notes

             Total                                        7,050,125,005.22     –




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2022   191
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        63.      Monetary items in foreign currencies

                (1)        Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                                     Closing                 Closing balance
                                                                  balance of   Translation      denominated
                           Item                             foreign currency          rate           in RMB

                           Cash at bank and on hand                        –            –                   –
                           Including: USD                      12,789,884.39       6.9646       89,076,428.82
                                      EUR                       4,505,640.59       7.4229       33,444,919.54
                                      Japanese Yen             52,618,970.00      0.05236        2,755,129.27
                           Accounts receivable                             –            –                   –
                           Including: USD                      55,383,007.06       6.9646      385,720,490.97
                                      EUR                      12,697,360.95       7.4229       94,251,240.60
                                      Japanese Yen              1,581,656.00      0.05236           82,815.51
                           Other receivables                               –            –                   –
                           Including: USD                           2,488.70       6.9646           17,332.80
                                      Japanese Yen                432,700.00      0.05236           22,656.17
                           Short-term borrowings                           –            –                   –
                           Including: Japanese Yen         17,000,000,000.00      0.05236      890,120,000.00
                           Accounts payable                                –            –                   –
                           Including: USD                      12,975,195.96       6.9646       90,367,049.78
                                      EUR                       4,185,881.61       7.4229       31,071,380.60
                                      Japanese Yen            652,800,603.00      0.05236       34,180,639.57
                           Other receivables                               –            –                   –
                           Including: USD                     182,097,920.14       6.9646    1,268,239,174.61
                                      EUR                      41,197,656.45       7.4229      305,806,084.06
                                      Japanese Yen             35,202,130.00      0.05236        1,843,183.53




192   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      63.    Monetary items in foreign currencies (continued)

             (2)   Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                  Whether
                                                        Principal place      Functional there is change of
                    Name                                    of business       currency functional currency

                    Kelon International Incorporation       Hong Kong             HKD                          No
                    Pearl River Electric Refrigerator
                      Co., Ltd.                             Hong Kong             HKD                          No
                    Kelon Development Co., Ltd.             Hong Kong             HKD                          No
                    Hisense Mould (Deutschland)
                      GmbH                                      Germany           EUR                          No
                    Hisense (Hong Kong) America
                      Manufacturing Co., Limited            Hong Kong             HKD                          No
                    Hisense Monterrey
                      Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de
                      C.V.                                       Mexico    Mexican Peso                        No
                    Hisense Monterrey Property
                      Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.              Mexico    Mexican Peso                        No
                    Hisense Japan Automotive
                      Air-Conditioning Systems
                      Corporation (海信日本汽車空
                      調系統合同會社)                                    Japan            JPY                         No
                    Sanden Company                                Japan            JPY                         No
                    SANDEN INTERNATIONAL
                     （EUROPE）GmbH                               Germany           Euro                         No
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                      EUROPE S.A.S.                              France           Euro                         No
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                      POLAND SP.ZO.O.                            Poland           Euro                         No
                    SANDEN INTERNATIONAL
                      (U.S.A.), INC.                              U.S.A       US Dollar                        No
                    SANDEN VIKAS（INDIA）LTD.                        India   Indian Rupee                        No
                    SANDEN THAILAND CO., LTD.                   Thailand      Thai Baht                        No




                                                                                          Annual Report 2022   193
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        64.      Government grants

                (1)        Basic information of government grants

                                                                                                                                                    Amount
                                                                                                                                             included in the
                                                                                                                                               profit or loss
                           Category                                                        Amount                                  Item          of the year

                           Related to assets                                        19,968,334.56             Deferred income                     27,119,787.02
                           Related to revenue                                                                 Deferred income
                           Related to revenue                                      371,998,809.07                    Other gain               371,998,809.07
                           Related to revenue                                       95,280,842.65         Non-operating income                 95,280,842.65

                (2)        Refund of government grants for the year

                           none.

        65.      Segment information

                 The Group manages its business by divisions which are organized by a mixture of both business lines
                 and geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the
                 management manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment
                 results are assessed based on the profits of the reporting segments.

                (1)        Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                                     Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                           Amount for current period           Air-conditioners      washing machines              Others           elimination               Total

                           1. Revenue from external sales      34,499,733,925.58     21,207,092,434.08   11,787,912,833.04                         67,494,739,192.70
                           2. Revenue from inter-segment
                               transactions                         1,001,205.93         12,092,073.41    2,520,058,040.12    -2,533,151,319.46
                           3. Gain from investment in
                               associates and joint ventures          720,511.15            720,511.15     252,023,752.81                             253,464,775.11
                           4. Depreciation and amortization       578,212,144.80        366,557,127.40     426,330,115.69                           1,371,099,387.89
                           5. Gain arising from changes in
                               fair value                        -42,920.00              11,446,773.25      11,118,368.34                             22,522,221.59
                           6. Impairment losses on credits and
                               assets                             -98,258,731.21       -132,615,991.81     -195,148,701.03                           -426,023,424.05
                           7. Total profit (losses)             3,452,041,902.34        282,337,472.47       89,430,353.40                          3,823,809,728.21
                           8. Total assets                     31,187,806,718.59     28,652,214,278.81   15,651,116,404.12   -20,115,586,532.86    55,375,550,868.66
                           9. Total liabilities                20,810,902,742.15     17,966,094,914.07   11,451,687,077.60   -11,131,898,896.40    39,096,785,837.42
                           10. Additions to other non-current
                               assets other than long-term
                               equity investments               2,604,525,196.46         25,307,181.32     -213,198,062.67        -1,123,200.00     2,415,511,115.11




194   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


6.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

      65.    Segment information (continued)

             (1)   Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities (continued)

                    Continued from above table

                                                                            Refrigerators and                            Inter-segment
                    Amount for previous year             Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others            elimination                Total

                    1. Revenue from external sales      30,402,508,314.77   23,017,878,500.74    7,341,840,221.47                          60,762,227,036.98
                    2. Revenue from inter-segment
                        transactions                           732,118.01        8,590,026.50    2,529,105,962.70    -2,538,428,107.21
                    3. Gain from investment in
                        associates and joint ventures        1,336,113.05       1,336,113.05      147,533,289.45                              150,205,515.55
                    4. Depreciation and amortization       597,845,804.89     400,962,498.78      173,200,345.57                            1,172,008,649.24
                    5. Gain arising from changes in
                        fair value                                             34,348,313.32          -292,591.64                             34,055,721.68
                    6. Impairment losses on credits and
                        assets                                -967,761.60       -2,111,566.31      -48,570,193.16                             -51,649,521.07
                    7. Total profit (total losses)       2,702,306,776.48      234,648,990.75      -20,418,762.69                           2,916,537,004.54
                    8. Total assets                     26,654,064,975.95   24,979,775,010.69   16,859,588,692.82   -12,544,879,192.48     55,948,549,486.98
                    9. Total liabilities                18,534,823,509.91   18,260,015,452.25   13,090,771,062.71    -9,528,311,774.67     40,357,298,250.20
                    10. Additions to other non-current
                        assets other than long-term
                        equity investments               1,193,536,166.12     231,383,519.65     2,331,129,795.98                           3,756,049,481.75

             (2)   Geographic Information

                                                                                                                                            Amount of
                                                                                                         Amount for                           previous
                                                                                                     the year/closing                     year/opening
                    Region                                                                                   balance                           balance

                    Revenue from domestic transactions                                            42,624,208,014.02              37,601,996,641.67
                    Revenues from overseas transactions                                           24,870,531,178.68              23,160,230,395.31

                    Total                                                                         67,494,739,192.70              60,762,227,036.98

                    Non-current assets – Domestic                                                 15,359,106,902.59              12,954,700,539.65
                    Non-current assets – Overseas                                                  3,387,254,129.15               3,294,025,662.40

                    Total                                                                         18,746,361,031.74              16,248,726,202.05

                    The Company operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Company’s non-current assets
                    are in Mainland China. Therefore it is not necessary to present further details of the regional
                    information.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022      195
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


7.           CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

             1.       Disposal of subsidiary

                                                                                                      Difference
                                                                                                         between
                                                                                                   consideration
                                                                                                 of disposal and                                                                               Net investment
                                                                                                    net assets of                                                                                        gains
                                                                                                  the subsidiary                                                                                  transferred
                                                                                                 attributable to                                                                      Method       from other
                                                                                                    the disposed                       Carrying                          Gain or      and key comprehensive
                                                                                                     investment     Proportion        amount of        Fair value      loss from assumptions income related
                                                                                     Basis for      based on the of remaining         remaining of remaining remeasurement for determining         to previous
                     Consideration                                               determining        consolidated equity interest equity interests equity interests of remaining the fair value          equity
                          from the    Disposal ratio   Disposal Time point of time point of             financial on the date of on the date of on the date of equity interests of remaining investment in
Name of subsidiary         disposal             (%)     method loss of control loss of control        statements losing control losing control losing control to fair value equity interests        subsidiary

SANDEN SYSTEM        77,345,600.00           100.00    Disposal     2022-10-14 Receipt of         50,789,645.68
  ENGINEERING                                                                    payments,
  CO., LTD.                                                                      handover of
                                                                                 assets and
                                                                                 liabilities

             2.       Changes in consolidation scope for other reason

                      S a n d e n H o l d i n g s C o r p o r a t i o n, a t i e r-t h r e e s u b s i d i a r y o f t h e C o m p a n y, m e r g e d w i t h S a n d e n
                      C o rp o ratio n, a w h o lly o w n ed s u bs idia ry, a nd 8 othe r s ubs idia rie s during the ye a r. The fo r m er
                      companies were deregistered and no longer included in the consolidation at the end of the year.

                      S A N D E N I N T E R N A T I O N A L (M A L A Y S I A) S D N.B H D., a s u b s i d i a r y o f t h e C o m p a n y, w a s
                      deregistered by the Company during the year and no longer included in the consolidation after
                      deregistration.




196       Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.    INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

      1.     Interests in subsidiaries

             (1)   Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                            Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                                 Registered place of     Place of                       percentage (%)      Method for
                    Name of subsidiary                  Abbreviation               Capital business      registration Business nature   Direct     Indirect acquisition

                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)         Guangdong                USD26.80     Foshan     Foshan       Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                      Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              Refrigerator              million                                                                    investment
                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)         Guangdong Freezer         RMB237      Foshan     Foshan       Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                      Freezer Co., Ltd.                                             million                                                                    investment
                    Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and     Hisense K&B            RMB77.5751     Foshan     Foshan       Manufacturing                    74.00 Establishment or
                      Bath System Co., Ltd.                                         million                                                                    investment
                    Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic     Rongsheng Plastic      USD15.8274     Foshan     Foshan       Manufacturing       44.92        25.13 Establishment or
                      Co., Ltd.                                                     million                                                                    investment
                    Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.     Kelon Mould            USD15.0561     Foshan     Foshan       Manufacturing                    70.11 Establishment or
                                                                                    million                                                                    investment
                    Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)          Yangzhou               USD44.4479     Yangzhou   Yangzhou     Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                      Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              Refrigerator              million                                                                    investment
                    Pearl River Electric Refrigerator   Pearl River          HKD0.4 million   Hong Kong Hong Kong     Trading                         100.00 Establishment or
                      Co., Ltd.                           Refrigerator                                                                                         investment
                    Kelon Development Co., Ltd.         Kelon Development    HKD10 million Hong Kong Hong Kong        Investment         100.00              Establishment or
                                                                                                                                                               investment
                    Kelon International Incorporation   KII                      USD0.05 Hong Kong British Virgin Trading                             100.00 Establishment or
                                                                                   million         Islands                                                     investment
                    Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator      Chengdu              RMB50 million Chengdu Chengdu        Manufacturing                       100.00 Establishment or
                      Co., Ltd.                            Refrigerator                                                                                        investment
                    Hisense Refrigerator Ltd.           Shandong                 RMB275 Qingdao          Qingdao      Manufacturing      100.00              Establishment or
                                                           Refrigerator            million                                                                     investment
                    Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator      Refrigerator          RMB200.8190 Foshan         Foshan       Trading                          78.82 Establishment or
                      Marketing Co., Ltd.                  Marketing               million                                                                     investment
                                                           Company
                    Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner     Airconditioner          RMB100.91 Qingdao        Qingdao      Trading                          75.57 Establishment or
                      Marketing Co., Ltd.                  Marketing               million                                                                     investment
                                                           Company
                    Hisense (Guangdong) Air-            Hisense Guangdong        RMB200 Jiangmen         Jiangmen     Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                       Conditioner Company Limited         Air-Conditioner         million                                                                     investment
                    Hisense (Guangdong) Mould Plastic   Hisense Guangdong    RMB10 million Jiangmen      Jiangmen     Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                       Company Limited                     Mould Plastic                                                                                       investment
                    Jiangmen Hisense Electrical         Jiangmen Hisense     RMB10 million Jiangmen      Jiangmen     Manufacturing                   100.00 Establishment or
                       Appliances Co., Ltd.                Electrical                                                                                          investment
                                                           Appliances
                    Hisense Air-Conditioning Co. Ltd.   Shandong Air-              RMB500 Qingdao        Qingdao      Manufacturing      100.00              Business
                                                           conditioning             million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                               common control




                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022        197
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

                (1)        Composition of enterprise group (continued)

                                                                                                 Principal                                   Shareholding
                                                                                      Registered place of    Place of                       percentage (%)     Method for
                           Name of subsidiary                 Abbreviation              Capital business     registration Business nature   Direct    Indirect acquisition

                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-            Zhejiang Air-             RMB110 Huzhou        Huzhou       Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             conditioning Co., Ltd.             conditioning             million                                                                 combination under
                                                                                                                                                                 common control
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.    Hisense Mould         RMB35.6082 Qingdao       Qingdao      Manufacturing       83.47            Business
                                                                                        million                                                                  combination under
                                                                                                                                                                 common control
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing         Zhejiang Washing          RMB450 Huzhou        Huzhou       Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             Machine Co., Ltd.                  Machine                  million                                                                 combination not
                                                                                                                                                                 under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold    Commercial Cold      RMB50 million Qingdao     Qingdao      Manufacturing                  70.00 Establishment or
                             Chain Co., Ltd.                    Chain                                                                                            investment
                           Hisense Mould (Deutschland)        German Hisense              EUR2 Germany       Germany      Manufacturing                 100.00 Establishment or
                             GmbH                               Mould                    million                                                                 investment
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-       Hisense Hitachi           USD150 Qingdao       Qingdao      Manufacturing       49.20            Business
                             Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                              million                                                                 combination not
                                                                                                                                                                 under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner    Hitachi Marketing      RMB247.11 Qingdao       Qingdao      Trading                        70.00 Business
                             Marketing Co., Ltd.                                        million                                                                  combination not
                                                                                                                                                                 under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-      Johnson Controls          RMB400 Qingdao       Qingdao      Trading                       100.00 Business
                             Conditioning Co.,Ltd.                                       million                                                                 combination not
                                                                                                                                                                 under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hvac Equipment     Hisense Hvac              RMB600 Qingdao       Qingdao      Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             Co., Ltd.                                                   million                                                                 combination not
                                                                                                                                                                 under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Hisense (Hong Kong) America        Hong Kong Home                HK$ Hong Kong Hong Kong       Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             Manufacturing Co., Limited.        Appliance             1,016.6257                                                                 combination under
                                                                Manufactory               million                                                                common contro
                           Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,   Hisense Monterrey            MXN Mexico     Mexico          Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             S.de R.L. de C.V.                  Manufacturing           462.2451                                                                 combination not
                                                                                          million                                                                under common
                                                                                                                                                                 control
                           Hisense Monterrey Property         Monterrey Property          MXN Mexico         Mexico       Manufacturing                 100.00 Business
                             Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                           1,071.2871                                                                  combination under
                                                                                         million                                                                 common contro
                           Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co.,    Qingdao Gorenje      RMB21 million Qingdao     Qingdao      Trading             70.00            Establishment or
                             Ltd.                                                                                                                                investment
                           Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and     Hisense (Shandong)   RMB35 million Qingdao     Qingdao      Manufacturing                 100.00 Establishment or
                             Bath Co., Ltd.                     K&B                                                                                              investment




198   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.    INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      1.     Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

             (1)   Composition of enterprise group (continued)

                                                                                   Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                        Registered place of    Place of                        percentage (%)      Method for
                    Name of subsidiary              Abbreviation          Capital business     registration Business nature    Direct     Indirect acquisition

                    Hisense Japan Automotive        SPV                      1 JPY Japan       Japan        Investment                       100.00 Establishment or
                      Air-Conditioning Systems                                                                                                        investment
                      Corporation
                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air     Hitachi Air      RMB1 million Qingdao      Qingdao      Manufacturing                    100.00 Establishment or
                      Conditioning Technology         Conditioning                                                                                    investment
                      Co., Ltd.                       Technology
                    Sanden Holdings Corporation     SDHD             21,741,869,287 Japan      Japan        Service industry                  74.88 Business
                                                                               JPY                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    Sanden International (Europe)   SIE                 EUR25,000 Germany      Germany      Manufacturing                    100.00 Business
                      GmbH                                                                                                                            combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING            SME                  EUR21.00 France       France       Manufacturing                    100.00 Business
                      EUROPE S.A.S.                                        million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING            SMP                EUR36.3602 Poland       Poland       Manufacturing                    100.00 Business
                      POLAND SP.ZO.O.                                      million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    SANDEN INTERNATIONAL            SIA                   US18.00 USA          USA          Manufacturing                    100.00 Business
                      (U.S.A.), INC.                                       million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA)            SVL                 INR296.25 India        India        Manufacturing                     50.00 Business
                      PRIVATE LIMITED.                                     million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    SANDEN THAILAND CO., LTD.       STC                 THB100.00 Thailand     Thailand     Manufacturing                     95.00 Business
                                                                           million                                                                    combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control
                    Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-        TSA              RMB143.6290 Tianjin       Tianjin      Manufacturing                     51.46 Business
                      Conditioning CO., LTD.                              million                                                                     combination under
                                                                                                                                                      common control


                    Notes:


                    ①           All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator
                                Marketing Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi
                                Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.


                    ②           The Company held 49.2% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of
                                association of Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors,
                                the highest authority of Hisense Hitachi.




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022        199
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

                (2)        Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                   Gain or loss
                                                                      Percentage of             attributable to        Dividends paid to
                                                                   minority interest         minority interests        minority interests Closing balance of
                           Name of subsidiary                                   (%)                for the year             for the year minority interests

                           Hisense Hitachi                                    50.80% 1,380,838,538.20 1,950,676,188.88 3,274,967,742.13

                (3)        Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                           Name of                     Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                            subsidiary                   assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi         861,858.78 1,058,469.61 1,920,328.39 1,053,117.28                                163,801.87 1,216,919.15

                           (continued)

                                                                                                  Opening balance
                           Name of                     Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                            subsidiary                   assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi       1,057,578.48          798,105.83 1,855,684.31 1,011,941.97                           31,396.07 1,043,338.04

                                                                       Amount for the year                                       Amount for previous year
                                                                                                        Cash                                                          Cash
                                                                                        Total     flows from                                        Total       flows from
                           Name of                    Operating                 comprehensive      operating       Operating                comprehensive        operating
                           subsidiary                  revenue       Net profit       income        activities      revenue      Net profit       income          activities

                           Hisense Hitachi          2,013,457.15     271,818.61     271,818.61     342,761.74    1,841,158.12    241,894.40     241,894.40      421,909.49

        2.       Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
                 subsidiary

                (1)        Note to change in the ownership interest in subsidiary

                           1)           In April 2022, Hisense Visual increased its capital contribution in Hisense K&B, a
                                        subsidiary of the Company. The Company’s shareholding in Hisense K&B changed
                                        from 81.17% to 60.06% after the capital increase, the Company still has control over the
                                        company.

                           2)           In April 2022, the Company acquired the minority shareholding in Hisense K&B. The
                                        Company’s shareholding in Hisense K&B changed from 60.06% to 74.00% after the
                                        acquisition of the shareholding, the Company still has control over the company.

                           3)           In April 2022, the Company increased its capital contribution in Hisense Mould, a
                                        subsidiary of the Company with its shareholding in Hisense K&B. The Company’s
                                        shareholding in Hisense Mould changed from 78.70% to 83.47%, the Company still has
                                        control over Hisense Mould and Hisense K&B after the increase capital increase.




200   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.    INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      1.     Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

             (2)   Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity

                    1)     Capital increase in Hisense K&B by Hisense Visual

                           Item                                                                      Hisense K&B

                           Fair value of non-cash assets                                             63,535,535.74
                           Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                         63,535,535.74
                           Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                             percentage acquired/disposed of                                         67,594,065.03
                           Difference                                                                -4,058,529.29
                           Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                 -4,058,529.29

                    2)     Acquisition of minority shareholding in Hisense K&B by the Company

                           Item                                                                      Hisense K&B

                           Cash                                                                     -34,053,075.00
                           Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                        -34,053,075.00
                           Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                           percentage acquired/disposed of                                          -36,989,669.93
                           Difference                                                                 2,936,594.93
                           Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                  2,936,594.93

                    3)     Capital increase in Hisense Mould by the Company

                           Item                                                                     Hisense Mould

                           Fair value of non-cash assets                                           -180,880,160.43
                           Total cost of purchase/consideration for disposal                       -180,880,160.43
                           Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                           percentage acquired/disposed of                                         -180,240,515.47
                           Difference                                                                  -639,644.96
                           Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                   -639,644.96




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   201
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


8.      INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        3.       Interests in joint ventures or associates

                (1)        Joint ventures or associates

                                                                                                                          Shareholding
                                                                                                                         percentage (%)
                                                                                                                                              Accounting method
                           Name of joint                Principal place   Place of       Business                                             for investment in joint
                           venture or associate         of business       registration   nature                         Direct       Indirect ventures or associates

                           Hisense Financial Holdings   Qingdao           Qingdao        Financial services industry     21.44                  Equity method
                           Hisense Commercial Trading   Qingdao           Qingdao        Trading                         50.00                  Equity method
                           Hisense International        Overseas          Qingdao        Trading                         12.67                  Equity method
                           Huayu Sanden Auto Air-       Shanghai          Shanghai       Manufacturing                                    43.00 Equity method
                             Conditioning CO., LTD.
                           Shenyang Sanden Auto Air-    Shenyang          Shenyang       Manufacturing                                    47.50 Equity method
                             Conditioning CO., LTD.
                           SANPAK ENGINEERING           Pakistan          Pakistan       Manufacturing                                    36.84 Equity method
                             INDUSTRIES PVT. LTD.

                           Note:      The board of directors of Hisense International comprises 9 directors, 2 of which were appointed by
                                      the Company. Therefore, the Company had significant influence on it.

                (2)        Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates

                                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                                 Closing balance/         Opening balance/
                                                                                                                      Amount for               Amount for
                           Item                                                                                          the year            previous year

                           Joint ventures:                                                                                      –                              –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                                          5,173.79                       5,029.68
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                             shareholdings                                                                                      –                               –
                             – Net profit                                                                                  144.10                          267.22
                             – Other comprehensive income
                             – Total comprehensive income                                                                  144.10                        267.22
                           Associates:                                                                                          –                             –
                           Total carrying amount of investments                                                        146,660.27                    138,592.00
                           Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                             shareholdings                                                                                      –                             –
                             – Net profit                                                                               25,202.38                     14,753.33
                             – Other comprehensive income                                                                 -986.86                     -1,336.13
                             – Total comprehensive income                                                               24,215.52                     13,417.20




202   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


9.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The Group’s major financial instruments include: cash at bank and on hand, transactional financial assets,
      notes receivable, accounts receivable, other receivables, other non-current assets, notes payable, accounts
      payable, other payables, bank borrowings. Details of the financial instruments were disclosed in the relevant
      notes.

      Risks with respect to the above financial instruments include: credit risk, liquidity risk, interest rate risk and
      foreign currency risk.

      (1)    Credit risk

             Credit risk is the risk to which the Group is exposed to on financial losses due to the failure of clients
             or financial instrument counterparties to fulfill their contractual obligations, mainly with respect to
             bank balances, trade and other receivables and financial derivative.

             The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with higher
             credit rating. The Board believes these assets are not exposed to significant credit risk that would cause
             financial losses.

             The Group mitigates its exposure to risks in respect of trade and other receivables by dealing with
             diversified customers with healthy financial positions. Certain new customers are required by the
             Group to make cash payment in order to minimise credit risk. The Group seeks to maintain strict
             control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control policy to minimize credit risk. In
             addition, all receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and overdue balances are followed
             up by senior management.

             The credit risk on derivative instruments is not significant as the counterparties are high creditworthy
             banks rated by international credit-rating agencies.

             The maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of financial
             assets shown on the consolidated financial statements.

      (2)    Liquidity risk

             In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and cash
             equivalents at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance the Group’s
             operations and mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The Group’s treasury
             department is responsible for maintaining a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility
             through the use of bank credit in order to meet the Group’s liquidity requirements.

             In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the liquidity of
             the Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability of borrowings and
             loan financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that the Group has adequate funding to
             fulfill its short-term obligations and capital expenditure requirements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2022   203
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


9.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        (2)      Liquidity risk (continued)

                 As at the balance sheet date, the undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and financial
                 liabilities of the Group based on maturity date were as follows:

                 31 December 2022

                 Item                           Within 1 year        1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                 Financial assets
                 Cash at bank and on
                   hand                       6,001,295,427.37                                                          6,001,295,427.37
                 Transactional financial
                   assets                     6,758,233,998.86                                                          6,758,233,998.86
                 Notes receivable               144,188,330.26                                                            144,188,330.26
                 Accounts receivable          7,665,702,299.91                                                          7,665,702,299.91
                 Accounts receivable
                   financing                  5,072,959,470.76                                                          5,072,959,470.76
                 Other receivables              475,034,340.60                                                            475,034,340.60
                 Other current assets           864,357,351.72                                                            864,357,351.72
                 Non-current assets due
                   within one year            1,986,840,000.00                                                          1,986,840,000.00
                 Other non-current
                   financial assets                                                                    25,748,931.39       25,748,931.39
                 Other non-current assets                        3,545,074,611.12   4,433,855,833.33                    7,978,930,444.45

                 Total                       28,968,611,219.48   3,545,074,611.12   4,433,855,833.33   25,748,931.39 36,973,290,595.32

                 Financial liabilities
                 Short-term borrowings        1,462,253,713.24                                                          1,462,253,713.24
                 Transactional financial
                   liabilities                    1,745,488.01                                                              1,745,488.01
                 Notes payable               11,322,271,209.54                                                         11,322,271,209.54
                 Accounts payable             9,717,666,826.44                                                          9,717,666,826.44
                 Other payables               5,219,154,864.04                                                          5,219,154,864.04
                 Other current liabilities    5,643,445,390.50                                                             5,643,445,390
                 Non-current liabilities
                   due within one year         146,539,109.09                                                            146,539,109.09
                 Lease liabilities                                114,995,774.57     121,816,855.82    45,185,161.05     281,997,791.44
                 Long-term borrowings                                                 19,808,239.84                       19,808,239.84

                 Total                       33,513,076,600.86    114,995,774.57     141,625,095.66    45,185,161.05 33,814,882,632.14




204   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


9.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      (2)    Liquidity risk (continued)

             31 December 2021

             Item                           Within 1 year       1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years                   Total

             Financial assets
             Cash at bank and on
               hand                       7,022,572,498.74                                                         7,022,572,498.74
             Transactional financial
               assets                     5,625,841,633.95                                                         5,625,841,633.95
             Notes receivable               228,252,631.50                                                           228,252,631.50
             Accounts receivable          8,757,077,378.05                                                         8,757,077,378.05
             Accounts receivable
               financing                  3,669,679,060.94                                                         3,669,679,060.94
             Other receivables              484,042,296.38                                                           484,042,296.38
             Other current assets         2,012,245,610.33                                                         2,012,245,610.33
             Non-current assets due
               within one year            2,210,937,867.57                                                         2,210,937,867.57
             Other non-current assets                                          5,293,818,555.55                    5,293,818,555.55

             Total                       30,010,648,977.46                     5,293,818,555.55                   35,304,467,533.01

             Financial liabilities
             Short-term borrowings        2,858,984,229.49                                                         2,858,984,229.49
             Transactional financial
               liabilities                          244.38                                                                   244.38
             Notes payable               11,513,955,689.58                                                        11,513,955,689.58
             Accounts payable            11,779,280,708.56                                                        11,779,280,708.56
             Other payables               3,425,374,535.37                                                         3,425,374,535.37
             Other current liabilities    5,462,375,607.34                                                         5,462,375,607.34
             Non-current liabilities
               due within one year         172,947,297.72                                                            172,947,297.72
             Lease liabilities                               152,935,697.86     171,482,316.02    73,383,574.05      397,801,587.93
             Long-term borrowings                             32,382,835.84                                           32,382,835.84

             Total                       35,212,918,312.44   185,318,533.70     171,482,316.02    73,383,574.05 35,643,102,736.21

      (3)    Interest rate risk

             The Group is exposed to interest rate risk due to changes in interest rates of interest bearing financial
             assets and liabilities. Interest-bearing financial assets are mainly deposits with banks, of which the
             variable interest rates are mostly short-term in nature whereas interest-bearing financial liabilities
             are primarily short-term bank borrowings. As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s bank borrowings are
             fixed rate. As such, any change in the interest rate is not considered to have significant impact on the
             Group’s performance.

             The Group’s risk of changes in cash flow of financial instruments resulted from the changes in interest
             rates was mainly associated with floating-rate bank loans. The Group’s policy is to maintain these
             loans at floating rates, so as to eliminate fair value risks arising from changes in interest rate.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2022    205
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


9.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        (4)      Foreign currency risk

                 Foreign currency risk is the risk of loss due to adverse change in exchange rates with respect to
                 investments and transactions denominated in foreign currencies. The Group’s monetary assets and
                 transactions are mainly denominated in RMB, HKD, USD, JPY and EUR. The exchange rates between
                 RMB, HKD, USD, JPY and EUR are not pegged, and there is fluctuation in exchange rates between
                 RMB, USD, JPY and EUR.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                 at the end of reporting period are as follows:

                                                               Closing balance                             Opening balance
                 Currency                                      Assets            Liabilities               Assets            Liabilities

                 USD                                   474,814,252.59    1,358,606,224.39         1,144,632,542.99     783,578,410.53
                 EUR                                   127,696,160.14      336,877,464.66           601,130,847.30     204,149,400.80

                 The following table indicates the approximate effect of reasonably possible foreign exchange rate
                 changes on the net profit, to which the Group has significant exposure at the end of reporting period:

                 Sensitivity analysis of change in forward exchange rate:

                 Item                                                                          Current year          Previous year
                                                                                     Increase/Decrease          Increase/Decrease
                                                                                     in profit after tax        in profit after tax
                 USD to RMB
                  Appreciates by 5%                                                       -33,142,198.94              13,539,529.97
                  Depreciates by 5%                                                        33,142,198.94             -13,539,529.97
                 EUR to RMB
                  Appreciates by 5%                                                            -7,844,298.92          14,886,804.24
                  Depreciates by 5%                                                             7,844,298.92         -14,886,804.24




206   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


10.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

      1.     Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the year

                                                                                    Fair value as at the end of the year
                                                             Level 1 Fair value   Level 2 Fair value    Level 3 Fair value
             Item                                                measurement          measurement           measurement                         Total

             I.  Fair value measurement on a
                 recurring basis                                            －                   －                      －                        －
                 (i) Transactional financial assets                                  21,039,135.56       6,737,194,863.30         6,758,233,998.86
                       1. Financial assets at fair value
                           through profit or loss                                    21,039,135.56       6,737,194,863.30         6,758,233,998.86
                           (1) Wealth management
                                products                                                                 6,737,194,863.30         6,737,194,863.30
                           (2) Derivative financial assets                           21,039,135.56                                   21,039,135.56
                 (ii) Other debt investments                                                             5,072,959,470.76         5,072,959,470.76
                       1. Notes receivable                                                               5,072,959,470.76         5,072,959,470.76
                 (iii) Other equity instrument investments                                                  36,399,028.71            36,399,028.71
                 (iv) Other non-current financial assets                                                    25,748,931.39            25,748,931.39
             Total assets measured at fair value
               on a recurring basis                                                  21,039,135.56     11,872,302,294.16         11,893,341,429.72
                 (v) Transactional financial liabilities                              1,745,488.01                                    1,745,488.01
                       1. Financial liabilities at fair
                           value through profit or loss                               1,745,488.01                                    1,745,488.01
                           (1) Derivative financial
                                liabilities                                           1,745,488.01                                    1,745,488.01
             Total liabilities measured at fair value                                 1,745,488.01                                    1,745,488.01

      2.     Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information for level 2 items measured on
             and not on a recurring basis

             The Group’s Level 2 items are a forward exchange contracts. As at the balance sheet date, the Group
             had obtained forward rate quotations from contracted banks, which were determined based on the
             remaining term to maturity. The fair values of forward exchange contracts were determined by
             multiplying the difference between the quotations and agreed exchange rate for forward exchange
             contracts by the amount for forward exchange settlement.

      3.     Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information for level 3 items measured on
             and not on a recurring basis

             The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products, receivables financing, other investments
             in equity instruments, and other non-current financial assets. The wealth management products forecast
             future cash flows using the expected rate of return and the unobservable input value is the expected
             rate of return. The receivables financing are notes receivable held by the Group having relatively short
             remaining maturity with their carrying amount appropriate to fair value, and adopt carrying amount as
             their fair value. Other investments in equity instruments are mainly equity investments for which there is
             no observable and active market data to validate the financial projections using their own information.
             The market value of other non-current financial assets is determined based on the recoverable amount
             of the corresponding financial asset.

             Wealth management products recognized a gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB16,533,562.48
             during the year. Changes in unobservable inputs (expected rates of return) do not result in significant
             changes in fair value. At the end of the year, the Group forecast future cash flows as the fair value using
             the expected rate of return, and the change in valuation techniques had a relatively small impact on the
             financial statements.




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2022   207
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

        (I)      Relationship with related parties

                 1.        Particulars of the controlling shareholders and the ultimate holding company

                           (1)    Particulars of the controlling shareholders and the ultimate holding company

                                                                                                          (Amount Unit: RMB’0000)

                                  Name of the
                                  controlling
                                  shareholders and                                                    Shareholding Voting rights
                                  the ultimate     Registration                            Registered       in the        in the
                                  holding company address       Business nature               capital Company(%) Company (%)

                                  Qingdao Hisense Qingdao       Manufacture of air               67,479         37.92          37.92
                                    Air-conditioning            conditioners, moulds and
                                                                provision of after-sale
                                                                services

                                  Note:   Ultimate holding company of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd..


                           (2)    Controlling shareholder’s registered capital and its changes

                                                                                                          (Amount Unit: RMB’0000)

                                  Controlling                     Opening             Increase          Decrease           Closing
                                  shareholder                     balance         for the year       for the year          balance

                                  Qingdao Hisense
                                    Air-Conditioning             67,479.00                                               67,479.00


                           (3)    Shareholding of controlling shareholder and its changes

                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                 Shareholding amount                        shareholding (%)
                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                                      Percentage             at the
                                  Controlling                      Closing            Opening       at the end of        beginning
                                  shareholder                      balance            balance            the year       of the year

                                  Qingdao Hisense Air-
                                    Conditioning       516,758,670.00 516,758,670.00                          37.92            37.92

                 2.        Subsidiaries

                           For details of subsidiaries, please see note "8.1. (1) Composition of enterprise group”.

                 3.        Joint ventures and associates

                           For details of the joint ventures or associates of the Company, please see note “8.3. (1) Joint
                           ventures or associates”.




208   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      (I)    Relationship with related parties (continued)

             4.     Other related parties of the Company

                    Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries                       Indirect holding shareholders and other subsidiaries
                                                                                  controlled by them
                    Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                          A related natural person of the Company held a
                                                                                  directorship in Hisense Group Limited during the last
                                                                                  year
                    Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)               Subsidiary of indirect holding company
                    Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly known         Subsidiary of indirect holding company
                      as Hisense Electric Co., Ltd. hereinafter referred to as
                      “Hisense Visual”)
                    Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited (“Xuehua Group”) Minority shareholder of Beijing Refrigerator
                    Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited (“Hisense Hong         Subsidiary of indirect holding company
                      Kong”)
                    Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK)     Controlling shareholder of the minority shareholder of
                      Ltd. (“Johnson Hitachi”)                                   Hisense Hitachi

             5.    Greencool Companies, controlled by the original de facto controller of the Company, had a
                   series of transactions or unusual cash inflows and outflows through the following “Specific
                   Third Party Companies”

                                                                                                    Relationship with the
                    Name of related party                                                           Company

                    Shangqiu Bingxiong Freezing Facilities Co., Ltd.                                Specific Third Party Company
                      (“Shangqiu Bingxiong”)




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   209
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions

                1.         Related party transactions for the purchase and sale of goods, provision and receipt of
                           services

                           (1)   Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                                                      Amount for the year              Amount for previous year
                                                                                             Pricing and                             Percentage                         Percentage
                                                                                             decision-making                      of the amount                      of the amount
                                                                          Particulars        procedures of                            for similar                        for similar
                                                                          of related party   related party                          transactions                       transactions
                                 Related party                            transactions       transactions             Amount                 (%)          Amount                (%)

                                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      Finished goods     Agreed price           918,244.34                       358,145.76
                                 Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries    Finished goods     Agreed price       188,935,618.39              0.32 170,459,958.36                0.31
                                 Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     Finished goods     Agreed price        61,194,455.27              0.10   7,833,136.98                0.01
                                 Associates of Sanden Company             Finished goods     Agreed price        26,456,215.56              0.05   7,937,066.80                0.01

                                 Subtotal of purchase of finished goods                                         277,504,533.56              0.47 186,588,307.90                0.33

                                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      Raw materials      Agreed price        90,485,294.08              0.15 44,331,994.63                 0.08
                                 Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries    Raw materials      Agreed price       906,214,153.93              1.54 520,155,793.80                0.96
                                 Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     Raw materials      Agreed price       639,120,768.08              1.09 891,216,235.04                1.64
                                 Associates of Sanden Company             Raw materials      Agreed price       408,552,177.23              0.70 232,790,070.14                0.43

                                 Subtotal of purchase of raw materials                                         2,044,372,393.32             3.48 1,688,494,093.61              3.11

                                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      Equipment          Agreed price                                               203,630.80
                                 Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries    Equipment          Agreed price        16,570,640.33              0.03      2,491,427.52

                                 Subtotal of purchase of equipment                                               16,570,640.33              0.03      2,695,058.32

                                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries      Receipt of services Agreed price       47,572,155.02              0.08  32,658,125.28                0.06
                                 Hisense Group and its subsidiaries       Receipt of services Agreed price                                         8,729,733.45                0.02
                                 Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries    Receipt of services Agreed price     1,282,141,721.04             2.18 961,983,267.10                1.77
                                 Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     Receipt of services Agreed price        23,319,525.78             0.04 25,433,354.89                 0.05
                                 Xuehua Group                             Receipt of services Agreed price                                           698,708.86
                                 Associates of Sanden Company             Receipt of services Agreed price       17,377,293.44              0.03    5,636,647.5              6 0.01

                                 Subtotal of receipt of services                                               1,370,410,695.28             2.33 1,035,139,837.14              1.91

                                 Hisense Hong Kong                        Financing purchase Agreed price                                           638,029,202.84             1.18

                                 Subtotal of financing purchase                                                                                     638,029,202.84             1.18

                                 Note:       Included in the related transaction “Provision of labour” is rental income recognised by the
                                             Company as a lessor and rental income of RMB33.8926 million was recognised in the year.




210   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (1)   Purchase of goods/receipt of services (continued)

                    ①     The Company, Hisense Group Company, Hisense International Marketing, Hisense Marketing
                          Management, Hisense Visual and Hisense Hong Kong jointly entered into the Business Cooperation
                          Framework Agreement on 16 November 2021. During the effective period of the agreement, the
                          transaction with the Group as the purchaser and recipient of services was subject to an aggregate cap
                          of RMB1,901.28 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense Group Company, an aggregate
                          cap of RMB618.06 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense International Marketing,
                          an aggregate cap of RMB170.68 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense Visual, an
                          aggregate cap of RMB282.88 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense Marketing
                          Management, and an aggregate cap of RMB1,200.00 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with
                          Hisense Hong Kong.


                    ②     T h e C o m p a n y a n d J o h n s o n H i t a c h i e n t e r e d i n t o t h e B u s i n e s s F r a m e w o r k A g r e e m e n t o n 27
                          December 2021. During the effective period of the agreement, the transaction with the Group as
                          the purchaser and recipient of services was subject to an aggregate cap of RMB1,318.36 million
                          (exclusive of value-added tax) with Johnson Hitachi.


                          The above agreements were considered and approved at the third interim meeting of the Company’s
                          e l e v e n t h s e s s i o n o f th e b o ar d o f d i r ect o r s i n 2021 co n v en ed o n 16 N o v em b er 2021, t h e f ir s t
                          extraordinary meeting in 2022 convened on 19 January 2022, the seventh interim meeting of the
                          Company’s eleventh session of the board of directors in 2022 convened on 5 September 2022, the
                          second extraordinary general meeting in 2022 convened on 27 October 2022, respectively.


                    ③     The above transactions with Hisense Group and its subsidiaries, Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries,
                          Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter
                          14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have
                          complied with the disclosure and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
                          Listing Rules; The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement,
                          and the Board has approved the transactions and the Directors (including the Independent Non-
                          executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable,
                          on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and in the
                          interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with
                          Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and Shareholders’
                          approval requirements according to of Rule 14A.101 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules).




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       211
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (1)        Purchase of goods/receipt of services (continued)

                           Other than the above transactions, the transactions with related parties conducted in 2022 as
                           disclosed in note 11 of the financial statements in the 2022 annual report do not constitute
                           connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                (2)        Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                                                                                      Amount for the year                 Amount for previous year
                                                                                           Pricing and                                Percentage                             Percentage
                                                                                           decision-making                         of the amount                          of the amount
                                                                   Particulars             procedures of                               for similar                            for similar
                                                                   of related party        related party                             transactions                           transactions
                           Related party                           transactions            transactions               Amount                  (%)            Amount                  (%)

                           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     Finished goods          Agreed price           1,814,439.38                          3,623,313.29                  0.01
                           Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries   Finished goods          Agreed price      17,241,376,478.02               23.26 17,438,526,910.25                 25.81
                           Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries    Finished goods          Agreed price         247,503,190.27                0.33    223,820,598.74                  0.33
                           Associates of Sanden Company            Finished goods          Agreed price       1,500,967,662.36                2.03    588,501,487.09                  0.87

                           Subtotal of sale of finished goods                                                18,991,661,770.03               25.62 18,254,472,309.37                 27.02

                           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     Raw materials           Agreed price              3,210.36                               96,948.06
                           Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries   Raw materials           Agreed price        360,863,097.84                 0.49     339,571,873.48                 0.50
                           Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries    Raw materials           Agreed price         10,042,606.10                 0.01       5,699,601.02                 0.01
                           Associates of Sanden Company            Raw materials           Agreed price            202,030.15

                           Subtotal of sale of raw materials                                                   371,110,944.45                 0.50     345,368,422.56                 0.51

                           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     Moulds                  Market price         44,625,995.11                 0.06      42,308,601.84                 0.06
                           Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries   Moulds                  Market price         28,800,456.92                 0.04      32,030,182.76                 0.05

                           Subtotal of sale of moulds                                                           73,426,452.03                 0.10      74,338,784.60                 0.11

                           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     Provision of services   Agreed price        295,889,962.11                 0.40       3,973,508.90                 0.01
                           Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries   Provision of services   Agreed price         19,721,455.59                 0.03      12,266,506.47                 0.02
                           Xue hua Group                           Provision of services   Agreed price                                                    730,014.71

                           Subtotal of rendering of services                                                      315,611,417.70            0.43          16,970,030.08          0.03

                           Note:       Included in the related transaction “Provision of labour” is rental income recognised by the
                                       Company as a lessor and rental income of RMB9.1802 million was recognised in the year.




212   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (2)    Sale of goods/rendering of service (continued)

                    (1)   The Company, Hisense Group Company, Hisense International Marketing, Hisense Marketing
                          Management, Hisense Visual and Hisense Hong Kong jointly entered into the Business Cooperation
                          Framework Agreement on 16 November 2021. During the effective period of the agreement, the
                          transaction with the Group as the supplier and provider of services was subject to an aggregate cap
                          of RMB1,200.88 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense Group Company, an aggregate
                          cap of RMB23,562.88 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense International Marketing,
                          an aggregate cap of RMB1,341.89 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense Marketing
                          Management, an aggregate cap of RMB541.20 million (exclusive of value-added tax) with Hisense
                          Visual.


                    (2)   T h e C o m p a n y a n d J o h n s o n H i t a c h i e n t e r e d i n t o t h e B u s i n e s s F r a m e w o r k A g r e e m e n t o n 27
                          December 2021. During the effective period of the agreement, the transaction with the Group as the
                          supplier and provider of services was subject to an aggregate cap of RMB588.49 million (exclusive
                          of value-added tax) with Johnson Hitachi.


                          The above agreements were considered and approved at the third interim meeting of the Company’s
                          e l e v e n t h s e s s i o n o f th e b o ar d o f d i r ect o r s i n 2021 co n v en ed o n 16 N o v em b er 2021, t h e f ir s t
                          extraordinary meeting in 2022 convened on 19 January 2022, the seventh interim meeting of the
                          Company’s eleventh session of the board of directors in 2022 convened on 5 September 2022, the
                          second extraordinary general meeting in 2022 convened on 27 October 2022, respectively.


                    (3)   The above transactions with Hisense Group and its subsidiaries, Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries,
                          Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter
                          14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have
                          complied with the disclosure and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
                          Hong Kong Listing Rules (provided that the Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business
                          Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved the transactions and the Directors (including
                          the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the transactions are
                          fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the
                          Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected
                          transactions with Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and
                          shareholders’ approval requirements under 14A.101 of the Listing Rules).

                    Other than the above transactions, the transactions with related parties conducted in 2022 as
                    disclosed in note 11 of the financial statements in the 2022 annual report do not constitute
                    connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2022       213
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                 (2)       Sale of goods/rendering of service (continued)

                           2.    Related guarantees

                                 (1)    As guarantor

                                                                                                                             Whether the
                                                                                   Amount of      Guarantee     Guarantee    guarantee has
                                        Guaranteed party                           Guarantee      Start Date   Expiry Date   been fulfilled

                                        SANPAK ENGINEERING                   PKR 561,840,000      2019-3-25      2022-3-31   Fulfilled
                                          INDUSTRIES PVT. LTD.


                                 (2)    As guaranteed party

                                                                                                                             Whether the
                                                                                     Amount of    Guarantee     Guarantee    guarantee has
                                        Name of Guarantor                            Guarantee    Start Date   Expiry Date   been fulfilled

                                        Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.          30,000,000.00   2021-8-30      2022-8-30   Fulfilled
                                        Hisense (Hong Kong)                JPY12,000,000,000.00   2021-5-31      2022-5-30   Fulfilled
                                           Company Limited
                                        Hisense (Hong Kong) Company        JPY12,000,000,000.00   2022-5-30      2023-5-26   Outstanding
                                           Limited
                                        HISENSE CKL (HK)                      JPY 4,000,000,000   2021-8-17      2022-8-16   Fulfilled
                                           CO., LIMITED




214   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (3)   Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                    Name of related parties       Amount of    Start date   Expiry date   Note
                                                   loans and
                                                 borrowings

                    Placements
                    Hisense Group Holdings    280,530,800.00    2021-4-30    2022-4-29    Repaid, an interest expense
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  of RMB1,692,781.37 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    357,039,200.00    2021-5-20    2022-5-20    Repaid, an interest expense
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  of RMB2,801,240.66 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    165,000,000.00   2021-11-18   2022-01-21    Repaid, an interest expense
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  of RMB556,256.25 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    160,000,000.00    2021-12-6   2022-01-21    Repaid, an interest expense
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  of RMB539,400.00 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     94,000,000.00    2021-12-7   2022-01-21    Repaid, an interest expense
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  of RMB316,897.50 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    445,734,400.00     2022-4-8     2023-4-6    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB10,511,413.86 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    304,338,900.00     2022-4-8     2023-4-6    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB2,495,727.58 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     91,932,720.00    2022-4-20    2023-4-20    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB12,121,135.35 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     27,858,400.00    2022-5-30    2023-5-30    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB645,613.84 was paid
                                                                                            during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    289,030,900.00    2022-4-29    2023-4-28    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB7,259,834.57 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    390,017,600.00    2022-5-20    2023-5-19    An interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                  RMB9,310,557.74 was
                                                                                            paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings    209,432,000.00    2022-7-11    2023-7-11
                      and its subsidiaries
                    Hisense Group Holdings    209,432,000.00    2022-8-12    2023-2-13
                      and its subsidiaries

             (4)    Key management personnel emoluments

                    Please see note 15(3) Key management personnel emoluments for details.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022   215
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                 (5)       Other connected transactions

                           (1)   As of 31 December 2022, the Group had the balance of deposit of RMB15,145,904,900
                                 (listed in cash at bank and on hand, other current assets, non-current assets due within
                                 one year and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity), net
                                 deposit and withdrawal was RMB362.3213 million and balance of notes payable was
                                 RMB6,893.9649 million. A loan of RMB1,000,000,000 to Hisense Finance was repaid at
                                 the end of the year. The amount of loan interest was RMB22.2939 million, the amount
                                 of discounted interest paid for notes was RMB2.2407 million, the amount of handling
                                 fee paid for electronic bank acceptance note was RMB8.2511 million, the handling fee
                                 for settlement service paid for receipt and payment of funds was RMB1.1 million. The
                                 amount of loan interest for Hisense Finance of RMB320.7777 million was recognized.
                                 The amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange
                                 services provided by Hisense Finance to the Group was RMB176.2521 million and the
                                 amount for provision of discounted notes was RMB767.8369 million.

                           (2)   At the third extraordinary general meeting of the Company’s eleventh session of the
                                 board of directors in 2022 convened on 18 April 2022, the resolution on the capital
                                 increase and share expansion of the holding subsidiaries of the Company and forming
                                 a joint investment with a related party was considered and approved. It is agreed
                                 that Hisense Visual shall unilaterally increase the capital of Hisense K&B, a holding
                                 subsidiary of the Company, with its own injection moulds and sheet metal related
                                 equipment. The price of the capital increase shall be determined based on the audited
                                 net carrying assets of Hisense K&B as at the benchmark date, i.e., 31 December 2021,
                                 and the capital contribution amount of Hisense Visual shall be determined based on the
                                 appraised value of the equipment as at the benchmark date, i.e., 31 December 2021. The
                                 Company will not participate in the capital increase and share expansion of Hisense
                                 K&B. After the completion of the capital increase and share expansion, the shareholding
                                 structure of Hisense K&B shall be as follows: 60.06% owned by the Company, 26.00%
                                 owned by Hisense Visual, 13.94% owned by Qingdao Yunli Financial Consulting Co.,
                                 Ltd.* (青島員利資訊諮詢股份有限公司). The capital increase and share expansion will
                                 not result in a change of scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Company.

                           Pursuant to the Trademark Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company and Hisense
                           Group, the Group is entitled to use the trademark of “海信” and “Hisense” within the scope of
                           permission and during the licensing period in the agreement at nil consideration.




216   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.   RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Receivables from and payables to related parties

             (1)    Receivables from related parties

                                                                                           Closing balance                    Opening balance
                                                                                                      Provision for                      Provision for
                    Item                   Related party                              Book value         bad debts       Book value         bad debts

                    Receivables Financing Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 292,961,372.58                          138,875,648.82
                    Receivables Financing Hisense Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                      245,335,521.69                          114,170,356.26
                    Receivables Financing Associates of Sanden Company                                                 13,078,804.47

                    Subtotal                                                      538,296,894.27                      266,124,809.55

                    Interest receivable    Hisense Finance
                      (Note)                                                      305,146,673.85                      282,254,604.08

                    Subtotal                                                      305,146,673.85                      282,254,604.08

                    Accounts receivable    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 38,379,414.56                 53.78      6,464,782.34
                    Accounts receivable    Hisense Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                     3,293,667,509.15         3,993,192.42 3,777,309,074.40            1,606.82
                    Accounts receivable    Johnson Hitachi and its
                                             subsidiaries                        75,283,087.23                         68,805,985.32
                    Accounts receivable    Associates of Sanden Company         419,499,089.42          282,366.69    257,594,559.41

                    Subtotal                                                     3,826,829,100.36      4,275,612.89 4,110,174,401.47            1,606.82

                    Other receivables      Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries         84,813.15         18,000.00         26,823.45        18,000.00
                    Other receivables      Hisense Group and its subsidiaries      15,533,884.06        984,664.56     12,014,260.14       906,664.83
                    Other receivables      Associates of Sanden Company            38,772,232.79                       14,523,772.77

                    Subtotal                                                       54,390,930.00       1,002,664.56    26,564,856.36       924,664.83

                    Dividends receivable   Associates of Sanden Company           152,634,355.75                      153,473,105.41

                    Subtotal                                                      152,634,355.75                      153,473,105.41

                    Prepayment             Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries         47,972.80                           26,153.12
                    Prepayments            Hisense Holdings and its
                                             subsidiaries                          36,331,999.75                       10,806,167.16

                    Subtotal                                                       36,379,972.55                       10,832,320.28

                    Other non-current      Hisense Holdings and its
                      assets                 subsidiaries                          51,728,324.82

                    Subtotal                                                       51,728,324.82

                    Note:      Interest receivable represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the effective interest rate
                               method. It is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial assets and is listed in
                               other current assets, non-current assets due within one year, and other non-current assets according
                               to holding intention and liquidity.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2022    217
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


11.     RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)

                 (2)       Payables to related parties

                           Item                Related party                           Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Note payable        Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries       26,769,657.01
                           Note payable        Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries     27,656,165.47      32,919,385.66
                           Note payable        Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     295,057,130.98     429,848,157.74
                           Note payable        Associates of Sanden Company              1,518,715.00       2,098,233.56

                           Subtotal                                                     351,001,668.46     464,865,776.96

                           Accounts payable    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries          329,137.24          459,881.80
                           Accounts payable    Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries    851,629,758.98    1,866,127,694.69
                           Accounts payable    Hong Kong Hisense                                           88,659,875.44
                           Accounts payable    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries      37,129,015.58      120,970,318.39
                           Accounts payable    Associates of Sanden Company             26,483,074.76      21,536,903.43

                           Subtotal                                                     915,570,986.56    2,097,754,673.75

                           Dividends payable Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries        64,986,946.54

                           Subtotal                                                      64,986,946.54

                           Other payables      Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries           436,321.32         298,109.13
                           Other payables      Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries   2,069,583,306.23   1,099,423,611.55
                           Other payables      Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries          200,000.00         200,000.00
                           Other payables      Xuehua Group                                  100,859.00        100,859.00
                           Other payables      Associates of Sanden Company                8,917,679.48      4,795,954.90

                           Subtotal                                                    2,079,238,166.03   1,104,818,534.58

                           Contractual         Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                   187,630.70
                           Contratual          Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                 60,071,489.34       64,552,052.04
                           Contratual          Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                   1,428,854.04          11,520.81

                           Subtotal                                                      61,687,974.08       64,563,572.85

                           Other non-current Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                             liabilities                                                644,260,494.71

                           Subtotal                                                     644,260,494.71

                 (3)       Transactions with “specific third party companies”

                                                                                            At the end    At the beginning
                                                                                           of the year         of the year
                           Item                                Related party               Book value         Book value

                           Other receivables                   Shangqiu Bingxiong        58,030,000.00       58,030,000.00

                           Subtotal of other receivables                                 58,030,000.00       58,030,000.00



218   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


12.   CONTINGENCIES

      1.     Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial impacts

             A s o f 31 D e c e m b e r 2022, t h e G r o u p w a s i n v o l v e d, a s d e f e n d a n t, i n l i t i g a t i o n s w i t h a m o u n t o f
             RMB136,012,052.86, and provision of RMB130,363,423.59 had been made.

13.   COMMITMENTS

      1.     Capital commitments

                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB’0000

             Item                                                                                       Closing balance             Opening balance

             Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries
               and jointly controlled entity (commitment to purchase
               long-term assets):
               – Authorized but not contracted
               – Contracted but not paid                                                                         14,286.39                     22,631.22

             Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property,
               plant and equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for
               external investment):
               – Contracted but not paid

      2.     Operating lease commitment

             Please see note 15(5) lease for details.

14.   SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      1.     Significant non-adjusted matters

             Nil.

      2.     Share repurchase

             At the Tenth Extraordinary Meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company
             in 2022 which held on 30 December 2022, the “Resolution on the Repurchase of A Shares of the
             Company by way of Centralized Bidding Trading” was considered and approved, agreeing that the
             Company could use its own funds to repurchase part of its shares for the Employee Share Ownership
             Scheme and the implementation period for the share repurchase shall not exceed 12 months from the
             date of consideration and approval of the share repurchase proposal at the Tenth Extraordinary Meeting
             of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company convened the Fourth
             Extraordinary Meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board of Directors in 2023 which held on 14
             March 2023, agreeing to adjust the maximum buyback price from not more than RMB17.00 per share to
             not more than RMB21.00 per share; and adjust the total repurchase fund from not less than RMB99.45
             million and not more than RMB198.90 million to not less than RMB122.85 million and not more than
             RMB245.70 million.

             The actual repurchase period of the Company is from 16 January 2023 to 16 March 2023. As of 16
             March 2023, the Company had repurchased 11,699,989 shares of the Company through centralized
             bidding trading with a dedicated securities account for share repurchase, representing 0.86% of the
             current total share capital of the Company, with the highest transaction price being RMB20.12 per
             share and the lowest transaction price being RMB16.66 per share, for a total transaction amount of
             RMB211,401,111.66 (excluding transaction fees). The implementation of the Company’s buyback
             scheme has been completed.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2022     219
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


14.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (continued)

        3.       Profit distribution

                 On 30 March 2023, the Proposed Profit Distribution Plan for 2022 was considered and approved at the
                 first meeting of 2023 of the eleventh session of the Board of the Company: Based on the total share
                 capital of 1,362,725,370 shares of the Company as of the date of disclosure of the annual report 2022,
                 deducting the total share capital of 1,351,025,381 shares repurchased from the repurchase account (as
                 of the date of disclosure of this report, the Company has repurchased a cumulative total of 11,699,989
                 shares of the Company), a cash dividend of RMB5.31 (tax inclusive) was to be paid to all shareholders
                 for every 10 shares held, amounting to a total distribution of profit of RMB717,394,477.31. The
                 undistributed profit would be rolled over for distribution in subsequent years. There will be no issue of
                 bonus share and no transfer of reserve to share capital during the year. Such resolution is subject to the
                 approval at general meeting of the Company.

15.     OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

        1.       Capital management

                 The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
                 continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
                 maximise shareholders’ value.

                 The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                 conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
                 structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or
                 issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital
                 during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

                 The Company monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital
                 plus net debt. Net debt includes bank and other borrowings, accounts payable, notes payable, other
                 payables and debentures payables, less cash and cash equivalents. The gearing ratios as at the end of
                 the reporting periods were as follows:

                                                                                                                Beginning
                 Item                                                               End of the year            of the year

                 Total debt                                                       39,096,785,837.42     40,357,298,250.20
                 Including: Short-term borrowings                                  1,462,253,713.24      2,858,984,229.49
                 Accounts payable                                                  9,717,666,826.44     11,779,280,708.56
                 Notes payable                                                    11,322,271,209.54     11,513,955,689.58
                 Other payables                                                    5,151,780,641.91      3,425,374,535.37
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                 2,478,346,075.40      2,879,176,794.68
                 Net debt                                                         36,618,439,762.02     37,478,121,455.52
                 Equity attributable to shareholders of parent                    11,518,257,281.54     10,342,355,185.33
                 Capital and net debt                                             48,136,697,043.56     47,820,476,640.85
                 Gearing ratio                                                              76.07%                78.37%




220   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


15.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

      2.     Directors and supervisors’ emoluments

             The emoluments paid or payable to the directors and supervisors of the Company are as follows:

             (1)    As of 31 December 2022

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                          Emoluments of                        Pension
                                                                            independent    Salaries and         scheme
                    Name                    Position                            director    allowances    contributions               Total

                    Executive directors
                    Dai Hui Zhong           Director, president                                 624.26             4.00              628.26
                    Lin Lan                 Director
                    Jia Shao Qian           Director
                    Fei Li Cheng            Director                                            702.19             4.06              706.25
                    Xia Zhang Zhua          Director                                            211.24             3.99              215.23
                    Gao Yu Lin              Director, chief financial
                                              officer                                           219.33             3.99              223.32

                    Independent non-
                       executive director
                    Ma Jin Quan             Independent non-executive
                                              director                             14.00                                              14.00
                    Zhong Geng Shen         Independent non-executive
                                              director                             14.00                                              14.00
                    Cheung Sai Kit          Independent non-executive
                                              director                             24.00                                              24.00
                    Li Zhi Gang             Independent non-executive
                                              director

                    Supervisors
                    Liu Zhen Shun           Chairman of the Supervisory
                                              Committee
                    Sun Jia Hui             Supervisor
                    Yin Zhi Xin             Supervisor                                           81.72             3.99               85.71

                    Total                                                          52.00       1,838.74          20.03          1,910.77

                    ①        Note: During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to the directors as an inducement
                             to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                             Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year.


                    ②        Mr. Li Zhi Gang was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company in
                             January 2023.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2022    221
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


15.     OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

        2.       Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

                (2)        As of 31 December 2021

                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                 Emoluments of                        Pension
                                                                                   independent    Salaries and         scheme
                           Name                    Position                            director    allowances    contributions       Total

                           Executive directors
                           Dai Hui Zhong           Director, president                                  89.91             0.63       90.54
                           Lin Lan                 Director
                           Jia Shao Qian           Director
                           Fei Li Cheng            Director                                            566.60             3.73      570.33
                           Xia Zhang Zhua          Director                                            144.28             3.44      147.72
                           Gao Yu Lin              Director, chief financial
                                                     officer                                           107.44             2.19      109.63
                           Tang Ye Guo             Former chairman                                     192.13             5.26      197.39
                           Duan Yue Bin            Former chairman, president                          192.74             4.06      196.80

                           Independent non-
                              executive director
                           Ma Jin Quan             Independent non-executive
                                                     director                             14.00                                      14.00
                           Zhong Geng Shen         Independent non-executive
                                                     director                             14.00                                      14.00
                           Cheung Sai Kit          Independent non-executive
                                                     director                             24.00                                      24.00

                           Supervisors
                           Liu Zhen Shun           Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                     Committee
                           Sun Jia Hui             Supervisor
                           Yin Zhi Xin             Supervisor                                           64.20             3.75       67.95
                           Fan Wei                 Former Supervisor                                    82.25             3.76       86.00

                           Total                                                          52.00       1,439.55          26.82     1,518.36

                           ①        Note: During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to the directors as an inducement
                                    to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                                    Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year.


                           ②        Mr. Dai Hui Zhong was appointed as the president of the Company in October 2021, and was
                                    appointed as a director of the Company in June 2021.


                           ③        Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua was appointed as a director of the Company in June 2021.


                           ④        Ms. Gao Yu Lin was appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company in June 2021, and as a
                                    director of the Company in January 2022.


                           ⑤        Ms. Sun Jia Hui was appointed as a supervisor of the Company in June 2021.


                           ⑥        Mr. Yin Zhi Xinwas appointed as a supervisor of the Company in June 2021.




222   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


15.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

      2.     Directors and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

             (3)     Five highest paid individuals

                     I n 2022, t w o (2021: t h r e e) o f t h e f i v e h i g h e s t p a i d i n d i v i d u a l s o f t h e C o m p a n y w e r e t h e
                     directors. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three individuals (2021:
                     two) are as follows (in respect of the range of emoluments for 2022, emoluments of one
                     individual exceeded RMB3,000,000 and below RMB3,500,000, that of two individuals exceeded
                     RMB2,000,000 and below RMB2,500,000; in respect of the range of emoluments for 2021, those
                     of one individual exceeded RMB4,500,000 and below RMB5,000,000, those of one individual
                     exceeded RMB4,000,000 and below RMB4,500,000):

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                          Amount for                   Amount for
                     Item                                                                              current period              previous period

                     Salaries and allowance                                                                        792.46                       922.73
                     Pension scheme contributions                                                                    8.08                         7.46

                     Total                                                                                         800.54                       930.19

      3.     Key management personnel emoluments

                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                          Amount for                   Amount for
             Item                                                                                      current period              previous period

             Directors and supervisors
             Emoluments, salaries and allowances of independent directors                                       1,890.75                      1,491.53
             Pension scheme contributions                                                                          20.01                         26.82
             Emoluments of other key management personnel
             Salaries and allowances                                                                                 65.95                      119.25
             Pension scheme contributions                                                                             3.25                        4.16

             Total                                                                                              1,979.96                      1,641.76

             Note:   Key management personnel refers to the senior management who has the authority and responsibility for
                     planning, directing and controlling the corporate activities.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2022     223
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


15.     OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

        4.       Pension scheme

                 In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined
                 contribution pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of
                 employees of the Group. According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension
                 fund at certain percentage of the total salaries and wages of its employees.

        5.       Leases

                (1)        Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                            Closing           Opening
                           Categories of leased assets under operating leases      carrying amount    carrying amount

                           Buildings and structures                                       19,397.57           19,318.97
                           Machinery and equipment, etc                                      489.55            1,109.04

                           Total                                                          19,887.12           20,428.01

                (2)        The Group as lessor under operating lease

                           The Group’s investment properties are also leased to a number of tenants for different terms.
                           The rental income for 2022 amounted to RMB68.8751 million (2021: RMB42.2304 million).
                           The minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                           reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                       Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                        Amount for          Amount for
                           Item                                                           the year        previous year

                           Within one year                                                 4,590.21            1,485.43
                           Over one year but within five years                            15,970.80              451.93

                           Total                                                          20,561.01            1,937.36




224   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


15.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

      5.     Leases (continued)

             (3)   The Group as lessee under operating lease

                    The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with
                    lease terms ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the year ended 31
                    December 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                 Amount for             Amount for
                    Operating lease payments                                       the year           previous year

                    Building or structure                                           15,348.65               16,906.46
                    Others                                                          11,352.56                  628.90

                    Total                                                           26,701.22               17,535.36

                    The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with
                    a lease period of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments,
                    the adoption of simplified treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.

             (4)   The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the
                   end of reporting period due as follows:

                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                 Amount for             Amount for
                    Item                                                           the year           previous year

                    Within one year                                                 16,639.22               13,417.40
                    Over one year but within five years                             27,316.81                5,194.05
                    Over five years                                                  4,779.11                   31.61

                    Total                                                           48,735.14               18,643.06

      6.     Auditors’ remuneration

             In 2022, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to
             reappoint Shine Wing Certified Public Accountants as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2022,
             and the Board was authorized to fix their remuneration. The Company agreed to pay a remuneration of
             approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the auditors for the provision of audit services for
             financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year ended 31 December 2022 and bear the
             corresponding travel expenses.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2022   225
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.     NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

        1.       Accounts receivable

                (1)        Accounts receivable as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                             Book value                 Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                      Amount              %            Amount                    %        Book value

                           Separate provision for bad debt
                             receivables and accounts receivable
                           Provision for bad debts for accounts
                             receivable on a group basis           313,937,517.54         100.00    107,107,632.82                34.12   206,829,884.72
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method                   107,149,061.30          34.13    107,107,632.82                99.96        41,428.48
                           Receivables from related parties        206,788,456.24          65.87                                          206,788,456.24

                           Total                                   313,937,517.54         100.00    107,107,632.82                34.12   206,829,884.72

                                                                                                   Opening balance
                                                                             Book value                       Book value
                           Category                                      Amount              %            Amount                    %        Book value

                           Separate provision for bad debt
                             receivables and accounts receivable
                           Provision for bad debts for accounts
                             receivable on a group basis           385,951,167.28         100.00    107,107,575.52                27.75   278,843,591.76
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method                   107,120,414.84          27.75    107,107,575.52                99.99        12,839.32
                           Receivables from related parties        278,830,752.44          72.25                                          278,830,752.44

                           Total                                   385,951,167.28         100.00    107,107,575.52                27.75   278,843,591.76




226   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      1.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (1)   Accounts receivable as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)


                    1)    Among the group, provision for bad debts for Accounts receivable by aging analysis
                          method:

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                                Provision for
                          Ageing                                                       Book value                  bad debts                 (%)

                          Within three months                                         41,511.51                        83.03               0.20
                          Over one year                                          107,107,549.79               107,107,549.79             100.00

                          Total                                                  107,149,061.30               107,107,632.82               99.96

                          Note: T h i s g r o u p i s b a s e d o n t h e a g i n g o f A c c o u n t s r e c e i v a b l e a s c r e d i t r i s k
                                characteristic and made provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss
                                of each aging section.

                    2)    Among the group, provision for bad debts for Accounts receivable by receivables from
                          related parties:

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                                Provision for
                          Ageing                                                       Book value                  bad debts                 (%)

                          Within one year                                        206,788,456.24

                          Total                                                  206,788,456.24




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2022    227
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.     NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        1.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                 (2)       Accounts receivable shown by ageing analysis

                           Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                           Ageing                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

                           Within three months                                         206,829,967.75            278,843,617.49
                           Over one year                                               107,107,549.79            107,107,549.79

                           Total                                                       313,937,517.54            385,951,167.28

                 (3)       Provision for bad debts for Accounts receivable for the year

                                                                           Changes during the year
                                                        Opening                    Recoveries                           Closing
                           Category                    balance      Provision   or reversals         Write-off         balance

                           Aging analysis method   107,107,575.52       57.30                                      107,107,632.82

                           Total                   107,107,575.52       57.30                                      107,107,632.82

                 (4)       Top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year

                           The total top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year amounted to
                           RMB235,148,514.96, accounting for 74.91% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                           provision for bad debts of RMB32,167,730.46 in total was made as at the end of the year.




228   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables

             Item                                                          Closing balance       Opening balance

             Dividends receivables                                            83,026,795.53
             Other receivables                                             1,344,021,935.48      1,143,227,303.10

             Total                                                         1,427,048,731.01      1,143,227,303.10

             2.1     Dividends receivable

                     (1)   Classification of dividends receivable

                           Project (or invested unit)                         Closing balance Opening balance

                           Hisense Hitachi                                      65,252,199.38
                           Hisense Mould                                        17,774,596.15

                           Total                                                83,026,795.53

             2.2     Other receivables

                     (1)   Classification of other receivables by nature of the amount

                                                                                 Book value       Book value as at
                                                                               as at the end        the beginning
                           Nature of the amount                                  of the year           of the year

                           Other current account                           1,364,286,987.89      1,163,492,355.51

                           Total                                           1,364,286,987.89      1,163,492,355.51




                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   229
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.     NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (2)   Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                             First stage    Secord stage     Third stage
                                                                                          Expected credit Expected credit
                                                                                               loss in the     loss in the
                                                                         Expected credit          lifetime        lifetime
                                                                         loss in the next (without credit    (with credit
                                 Provision for bad debts                       12 months    impairment)     impairment)             Total

                                 Balance as at 1 January 2021                                3,390,735.73    16,874,316.68   20,265,052.41
                                 During the year, the balance of other
                                   receivables
                                   as at 1 January 2021                              －                －                －               －
                                   – transferred to second stage
                                   – transferred to third stage
                                   – reversed to second stage
                                   – reversed to first stage
                                 Provision for the year
                                 Reversal for the year
                                 Written-off for the year
                                 Charge off for the year
                                 Other changes

                                 Balance as at 31 December 2021                              3,390,735.73    16,874,316.68   20,265,052.41

                                 Note:    Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial
                                          instruments since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and
                                          estimated the expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the
                                          lifetime.




230   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables (continued)

             (3)    Other receivables presented by ageing as follows

                    Ageing                                                                                         Closing balance

                    Within three months                                                                               900,561,868.82
                    Over three months but within six months                                                            34,459,566.66
                    Over six months but within one year                                                               409,000,000.00
                    Over one year                                                                                      20,265,552.41

                    Total                                                                                         1,364,286,987.89

             (4)   Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                             Changes during the year
                                                    Opening                           Recoveries                               Closing
                    Category                        balance          Provision       or reversals         Write-off            balance

                    Aging analysis method     20,265,052.41                                                              20,265,052.41

                    Total                     20,265,052.41                                                              20,265,052.41

             (5)    Top five other receivables by debtor as at the end of the year

                                                                                                        Percentage of    Provision for
                                                                                                           total other      bad debts
                                                                                                          receivables         Closing
                    No.                Nature of the amount               Amount              Aging               (%)         balance

                    Top 1                   Inter-group current    372,699,354.39            Within             27.32
                                             account payments                               one year
                    Top 2                   Inter-group current    214,241,816.67            Within             15.70
                                             account payments                               one year
                    Top 3                   Inter-group current    150,373,502.83            Within             11.02
                                             account payments                               one year
                    Top 4                   Inter-group current    145,705,852.74            Within             10.68
                                             account payments                               one year
                    Top 5                   Inter-group current    124,145,078.55            Within              9.10
                                             account payments                               one year

                    Total                                     –   1,007,165,605.18                  –           73.82




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2022   231
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.     NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        3.       Long-term equity investments

                (1)        Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                                  Closing balance                                         Opening balance
                                                                                     Impairment            Carrying                          Impairment            Carrying
                           Item                                    Book value          provision            amount          Book value         provision            amount

                           Investments in subsidiaries         5,128,386,892.23     59,381,641.00   5,069,005,251.23   5,094,333,817.23     59,381,641.00   5,034,952,176.23
                           Investments in associates and joint
                             ventures                            579,784,230.29                      579,784,230.29     508,095,683.76                       508,095,683.76

                           Total                              5,708,171,122.52      59,381,641.00   5,648,789,481.52   5,602,429,500.99     59,381,641.00   5,543,047,859.99

                (2)        Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                            Provision for
                                                                                                                                             impairment     Closing balance
                                                                                     Increase for      Decrease for                         made during         of provision
                           Investee                           Opening balance            the year          the year    Closing balance          the year    for impairment

                           Guangdong Air-conditioner            281,000,000.00                                          281,000,000.00                        59,381,641.00
                           Hisense K&B                           51,531,053.70      34,053,075.00     85,584,128.70
                           Rongsheng Plastic                     53,270,064.00                                            53,270,064.00
                           Wangao I&E                               600,000.00                                               600,000.00
                           Kelon Jiake                           42,000,000.00                                            42,000,000.00
                           Yingkou Refrigerator                  84,000,000.00                                            84,000,000.00
                           Jiangxi Kelon                        147,763,896.00                                           147,763,896.00
                           Hangzhou Kelon                        24,000,000.00                                            24,000,000.00
                           Zhuhai Kelon                         189,101,850.00                                           189,101,850.00
                           Shenzhen Kelon                        95,000,000.00                                            95,000,000.00
                           Kelon Development                     11,200,000.00                                            11,200,000.00
                           Beijing Refrigerator                  92,101,178.17                                            92,101,178.17
                           Shandong Air-conditioning            567,175,477.74                                           567,175,477.74
                           Hisense Mould                        121,628,013.09      85,584,128.70                        207,212,141.79
                           Shandong Refrigerator                748,578,303.85                                           748,578,303.85
                           Kelon Property                         4,441,400.00                                             4,441,400.00
                           Hisense Hitachi                    2,566,242,580.68                                         2,566,242,580.68
                           Qingdao Gorenje                       14,700,000.00                                            14,700,000.00

                           Total                              5,094,333,817.23     119,637,203.70     85,584,128.70    5,128,386,892.23                       59,381,641.00




232   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


16.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      3.     Long-term equity investments (continued)

             (3)     Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                      Change for the year

                                                                                                    Gains or
                                                                                                  losses from
                                                                                                  investment     Adjustment
                                                                                                  recognised        for other                     Declaration of   Provision for                              Closing balance
                                                        Opening     Increase in   Decrease in    using equity comprehensive      Other change     cash dividend     impairment                     Closing       of provision
                     Investee                          balance      investment    investment         method           income         in equity         or profit          made      Others         balance for impairment


                     I. Joint ventures
                        Hisense Marketing
                        Management                 50,296,828.45                                 1,441,022.29                                                                                 51,737,850.74
                     II. Associates
                        Hisense Financial Holdings 378,544,813.91                               12,968,049.38                                                                                391,512,863.29
                        Hisense International      79,254,041.40                                61,776,387.44   -9,868,592.45     5,371,679.87                                               136,533,516.26


                     Total                        508,095,683.76                                76,185,459.11   -9,868,592.45     5,371,679.87                                               579,784,230.29


      4.     Operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                                  Amount for the year                                                          Amount for previous year
             Item                                                                  Revenue                                           Cost                           Revenue                                      Cost

             Principal operations                                   4,419,980,575.75 4,345,495,550.73 2,807,745,095.38 2,648,419,826.16
             Other operations                                         146,342,962.88   103,675,781.11   121,192,878.16    75,261,832.02

             Total                                                  4,566,323,538.63 4,449,171,331.84 2,928,937,973.54 2,723,681,658.18

      5.     Investment gain

                                                                                                                                                          Amount for                           Amount for
             Item                                                                                                                                           the year                         previous year

             Gain from long-term equity investment under the cost method                                                                         1,955,546,592.73                     1,041,337,652.24
             Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity
              method                                                                                                                                 76,185,459.11                           61,799,401.80
             Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                                                                                    45,028,434.47                           33,247,127.38

             Total                                                                                                                               2,076,760,486.31                     1,136,384,181.42

17.   APPROVAL OF FINANCIAL REPORT

      This financial report was approved by the Board of the Company on 30 March 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2022               233
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


18.     SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION OF FINANCIAL REPORT

        1.       Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the year

                                                                                             Amount
                 Item                                                                    for the year   Notes

                 Profit or loss from disposal of non-current assets                     47,140,615.81
                 Return, reduction and exemption of taxes surpassing approval
                   or without official approval document
                 Government grants included in the gain or loss (excluding those
                   government grants that are closely related to the enterprise’s
                   business and are received with fixed amounts or with fixed
                   percentage in compliance with national unified policies)            225,922,958.46
                 Capital occupation fees received from non-financial enterprises
                   that are included in current profits or losses
                 Gain arising under the circumstance where the investment cost
                   for acquisition of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures is
                   lower than the fair value of the net assets attributable to the
                   enterprise
                 Gain or loss arising from non-monetary assets exchange
                 Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted asset
                   management                                                          187,413,275.48
                 Asset impairment provided due to forced majeure (e.g. natural
                   disasters)
                 Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring
                 Corporate restructuring expenses (e.g. staff placement costs and
                   integration expenses)
                 Gain or loss arising from the difference between the fair value
                   and transaction price in obviously unfair transactions
                 Net current profit or loss of subsidiaries arising from business
                   combination under common control from beginning of year
                   to the combination date
                 Gain or loss arising from contingencies irrelevant to the
                   Company’s normal business
                 Except for effective hedging operations related to the
                   Company’s normal business operations, gain or loss from
                   changes in fair values of transactional financial assets,
                   derivative financial assets, transactional financial liabilities
                   and gain or loss from changes in fair values of derivative
                   financial liabilities and investment gain from disposal of
                   transactional financial assets, derivative financial assets,
                   transactional financial liabilities and derivative financial
                   liabilities and other investment in debt                             16,533,562.48
                 Reversal of impairment provision for accounts receivable and
                   impairment provision for contract liabilities individually
                   tested for impairment
                 Gain or loss arising from entrusted loan
                 Gain or loss arising from changes in fair value of investment
                   properties measured subsequently by using fair value model
                 Effect on current profit or loss of one-off adjustment to current
                   profit or loss as required by taxation, accounting and other
                   laws and regulations
                 Custody fee income from entrusted operations
                 Other non-operating income and expense other than the
                   aforementioned items                                                366,457,850.14
                 Other profit or loss items within the meaning of non-recurring
                   profit or loss

                 Subtotal                                                              843,468,262.37

                 Less: Effect of income tax                                            194,250,687.61
                 Effect of minority interests (after tax)                              119,816,559.70

                 Total                                                                 529,401,015.06       –




234   Annual Report 2022
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


18.   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION OF FINANCIAL REPORT (continued)

      2.     Return on net asset and earnings per share

                                                                                        Earnings per share
                                                                                          (RMB/share)
                                                                        Weighted
                                                                         Average           Basic            Diluted
                                                                     of return on       earnings           earnings
             Profit for the reporting period                       net assets (%)      per share          per share

             Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
              the Parent                                                   13.13            1.05                   1.05
             Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
              the parent after deducting non-recurring profit or
              loss                                                          8.28            0.66                   0.66

      3.     Five-year financial summary

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

             Statement item                2022             2021             2020           2019                   2018

             Total operating
               revenue             7,411,515.10     6,756,260.37      4,839,287.07   3,745,304.40      3,601,959.83
             Total profits           382,380.97       291,653.70        348,513.00     215,225.03        156,490.59
             Income tax               75,457.54        57,373.60         63,909.53      20,180.12         14,183.15
             Net profit              306,923.43       234,280.10        284,603.46     195,044.91        142,307.44
             Net profit
               attributable to
               equity holders of
               the parent            143,490.44        97,258.15       157,888.27      179,366.90       137,745.72
             Minority interests      163,433.00       137,021.95       126,715.19       15,678.01         4,561.72

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

                                   31 December     31 December       31 December     31 December      31 December
             Statement item               2022            2021              2020            2019             2018

             Total assets          5,537,555.09     5,594,854.95      4,181,163.58   3,399,066.35      2,182,790.50
             Total liabilities     3,909,678.58     4,035,729.83      2,740,511.68   2,150,980.05      1,393,849.81
             Net assets            1,627,876.50     1,559,125.12      1,440,651.90   1,248,086.30        788,940.70
             Total equity
               attributable to
               shareholders of
               the parent          1,151,825.73     1,034,235.52       977,911.56      872,159.37       735,182.44
             Minority interests      476,050.77       524,889.61       462,740.35      375,926.93        53,758.26
             Total shareholders’
               equity              1,627,876.50     1,559,125.12      1,440,651.90   1,248,086.30       788,940.70




                                                                                              Annual Report 2022    235
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2022
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


18.     SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION OF FINANCIAL REPORT (continued)

        4.       Significant changes in key items in the Company’s accounting statement and explanation of such
                 changes

                                               Closing balance       Opening balance
                                                     or amount             or amount
                 Statement item                    for the year   for previous period   Change ratio Reason for change

                 Notes receivable               144,188,330.26        228,252,631.50        -36.83% Mainly due to the decrease in commercial acceptance notes during the
                                                                                                     year

                 Factoring of accounts         5,072,959,470.76     3,669,679,060.94         38.24% Mainly due to the growth in size of the Company during the year
                   receivables

                 Other current assets          1,702,738,189.99     2,908,448,659.96        -41.46% Mainly due to the transfer of short-term time deposits to long-term
                                                                                                     deposits during the year

                 Other non-current assets      8,220,701,882.26     5,679,104,506.34         44.75% Mainly due to the increase in long-term time deposits during the year

                 Short-term borrowings         1,462,253,713.24     2,858,984,229.49        -48.85% Mainly due to the repayment of bank borrowing during the year

                 Other payables                5,219,154,864.04     3,425,374,535.37         52.37% Mainly due to the increase in funds unbundled from related parties
                                                                                                     during the year

                 Management expenses           1,821,201,420.18     1,326,886,898.17         37.25% Mainly due to the growth in business scale of the Company and the
                                                                                                     merger of Sanden Company

                 Impairment losses on credit   -150,871,087.49          9,779,279.79            N/A Mainly due to the provision for impairment of accounts receivable

                 Impairment losses on assets   -275,152,336.56        -61,428,800.86            N/A Mainly due to the provision for impairment of fixed assets

                 Non-operating income           531,249,812.33        191,496,961.57        177.42% Mainly due to the merger of Sanden Company

                 Cash paid to and for          7,609,951,472.32     5,339,763,922.69         42.51% Mainly due to the growth in business scale of the Company and the
                   employees                                                                         merger of Sanden Company

                 Cash paid for taxes and       3,497,879,527.00     2,627,954,941.49         33.10% Mainly due to the growth in size of the Company during the Reporting
                   surcharges                                                                        Period and the merger of Sanden Company

                 Cash received from             369,724,329.33        119,513,503.80        209.36% Mainly due to the growth in size of the Company during the Reporting
                   investment income                                                                 Period and the merger of Sanden Company

                 Cash received from            1,477,880,104.85     3,477,593,820.11        -57.50% Mainly due to the decrease in borrowings during the year as compared to
                   borrowings                                                                        the previous year

                 Cash paid for other            502,966,072.75        102,224,203.87        392.02% Mainly due to the repayment of withdrawing loans during the year
                   financing activities

                                                                                                     Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                              30 March 2023




236   Annual Report 2022
