CONTENTS


Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .              2

Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                           3

Other Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         33

Definitions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41

Financial Statements Prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                                                       42

Notes to the Financial Statements. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    60




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   1
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) is principally engaged
    in research and development (R&D), manufacturing and marketing of electrical products such as refrigerators, household air-
    conditioners, central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, etc., as well as moulds, automotive air
    conditioner compressors and integrated thermal management systems, and provides full-scenario smart home solutions cantered
    on the intelligent upgrade of home appliances.

    REGISTERED OFFICE IN CHINA
    No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province, The People’s Republic of China

    PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148
    Connaught Road West, Hong Kong

    SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
    Secretary of the Board: Ms. Zhang Yu Xin
    Company Secretary: Ms. Wong Tak Fong

    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Ms. Gao Yu Ling
    Mr. Yin Bi Tong

    INVESTOR COMMUNICATION CENTRE
    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
    Shops 1712-1716,17th Floor, Hopewell Center,
    183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong

    TELEPHONE
    (852) 2593 5622
    (86-757) 2836 2866

    FAX
    (852) 2802 8085
    (86-757) 2836 1055

    EMAIL ADDRESS
    hxjdzqb@hisense.com

    INTERNET WEBSITE
    http://hxjd.hisense.cn

    AUDITORS
    ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
    9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
    Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
    the People’s Republic of China




2
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

I.   STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

     1.    Overview of the Domestic Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioner (“HVAC”) Market

           (1)   Central air-conditioner market

                  According to the statistics from HVAC Network, the overall market capacity of the central air-conditioner
                  industry decreased by 15.9% year-on-year in the first half of 2025, while the brand concentration continued
                  to increase. Based on third-party data, the prosperity degree of demand across different scenarios in the
                  commercial fit-out market showed significant divergence in the first half of the year. On one hand, demand
                  in traditional application scenarios such as commercial and public construction sectors decreased by 5.6%
                  year-on-year; on the other hand, emerging scenarios such as the industrial sectors, driven by industries like
                  pharmaceuticals and electronics, increased by 6.4%. The cultural, entertainment, sports and fitness sector
                  reached a growth rate of 9.9% due to the expanded application of specialized air treatment solutions in
                  venues for events. Meanwhile, the renewal rate of existing equipment in data centers exceeded 60%. Against
                  this backdrop, emerging application scenarios are accelerating the market penetration of energy-saving
                  products such as high-temperature heat pumps and high-efficiency multi-connected air conditioners.

                  Although the home fit-out retail market declined by 18% due to the sluggish real estate market, it achieved
                  high-end breakthroughs and demand restructuring driven by industry trends such as AI intelligence and omni-
                  channel integration. Users focus on the overall experience of AI intelligence and pursue multi-constant system
                  solutions that integrate health, comfort, and energy efficiency. Meanwhile, the omni-channel integration
                  has catalyzed an end-to-end service model integrating design, installation, operation and maintenance,
                  promoting the transformation of channel partners into comprehensive air solution providers and turning
                  value-added services into a new profit engine.

           (2)   Household air-conditioner market

                  According to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC (奧維雲網), the air-conditioner market overall
                  demonstrated robust performance overall in the first half of 2025, with retail volume and sales increasing by
                  28.5% and 24.9% year-on-year respectively.

                  Fueled by the dual forces of sustained stimulus from trade-in policies and users’ increasing demand for
                  healthier air, the fresh air-conditioner market is experiencing rapid growth momentum. According to
                  monitoring data from AVC, the online and offline retail sales of fresh air-conditioners increased by 14.8%
                  and 42.2% year-on-year respectively, while the penetration rate of offline retail sales of fresh air-conditioners
                  reached 9.8%, increasing by 1% year-on-year. Products such as fresh air-conditioners, which represent health,
                  high energy efficiency, and AI intelligence, have become the core driving force for market growth.

     2.    Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market

           (1)   Domestic refrigerator and freezer market

                  According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume and sales of the domestic
                  refrigerator market increased by 2.9% and 3.9% year-on-year respectively in the first half of 2025. The
                  refrigerator market witnessed a remarkable industry structural upgrade, with high-end, built-in models and
                  intelligence becoming the dominant development trends. Driven by the consumers’ increasing demand for
                  high-quality home appliances, the retail sales of refrigerator products priced above RMB8,000 increased by
                  25.7% year-on-year. The penetration rate of embedded refrigerators continued to improve, with the proportion
                  of retail volume in the offline market reaching 67.6% in the first half of 2025, growing by 16.9% year-on-year. For
                  intelligent appliances, consumers’ demand for the refrigerators equipped with AI technologies continued to
                  increase.

                  According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume and sales of the freezer market
                  declined by 5.2% and 5.1% year-on-year respectively. Freezer products are accelerating their transformation
                  towards intelligence, with performance features such as fresh preservation, temperature control, and quiet
                  operation gradually becoming the industry trends.




                                                                                                                                        3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    I.   STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

         2.    Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market — Continued

               (2)    Domestic washing machine market

                      Due to the national subsidy policy of “trade-ins for home appliances”, the consumption potential of the
                      domestic washing machine industry was released in the first half of 2025. According to monitoring data from
                      AVC, the retail volume of washing machines increased by 7.3% year-on-year in the first half of 2025. Along
                      with the diminishing effect of the policy dividend on the saturated market, the industry has turned to the
                      transformation to high-quality development coinciding with mounting consumer demand for washer-dryers,
                      large-capacity models and partitioned washing and care functions.

               (3)    Domestic kitchen appliance market

                      According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the large kitchen and bathroom market showed
                      a slow growth in the first half of 2025, with the retail volume increased by 3.9% year-on-year.

                      By category, essential products such as range hoods and stoves were penetrating into the third and fourth-tier
                      markets, while the market penetration rates of categories like dishwashers, disinfection cabinets, and water
                      purifiers continued to rise. The trade-in policy effectively boosted the accelerating growth of the mid-to-high-
                      end markets. The industry is intensifying brand-building initiatives to consolidate core category advantages
                      and improve product matrix.

         3.    Overseas Home Appliance Market

               Global home appliance market demonstrated strong resilience in the first half of 2025, despite challenges such as
               geopolitical risks and rising shipping costs. According to the data from the Industry Online, from January to May
               2025, export volumes increased year-on-year by 6.5% for the refrigerator, 10% for washing machines, and 15.2% for
               air-conditioners. The demand for trade-ins and high-end upgrades in European and American markets continued
               to boost the market growth, with rising consumers’ preference for energy-efficient and smart home appliances.
               Emerging markets such as Latin America and ASEAN have large populations coupled with huge consumption
               potential, driving the continuous increase in the penetration rate of home appliances.

         4.    Overview of the Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Market

               According to the statistics from IHS, the cumulative production volume of compressors in the global automotive
               industry in the first half of 2025 was approximately 43.53 million units, representing a year-on-year decrease of
               approximately 0.11%. Among which, the Greater China region, benefited from the policies such as automotive trade-
               ins, recorded a total production volume of approximately 14.28 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of
               7.67%. New energy vehicle (electric, plug-in hybrid, hydrogen fuel cells), benefiting from rapid industry expansion,
               recorded a total production volume of approximately 10.09 million units globally in the first half of 2025, with a year-
               on-year growth of 33.89%. Among which, the production volume of new energy vehicles in the Greater China market
               was approximately 6.9 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 39.8%.

               The global automotive market continues its transition towards new energy whilst facing uncertainties brought
               about by trade protectionism. The US tariff policy has changed the cost structure and competitive pattern of the
               global automotive industry, while the relaxation of EU carbon dioxide emission standards has further increased the
               uncertainties of the transition of the European and American automotive markets towards new energy.




4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

      1.    HVAC Business

            (1)   Central air-conditioner business

                  The Company actively responded to the country’s call for carbon neutrality and adhered to the market
                  orientation focusing on the demand of users. Through accurately deploying segmented industries, the
                  Company led the development of the emerging industries and promoted the development of the HVAC
                  industry towards integration and intelligence. During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained an
                  industry leading position in the multi-connected machine business with a market share of over 20%.

                  ①      In terms of home fit-out business, the Company tailored high-quality air solutions focusing on
                         “functional integration, intelligent interaction, and energy efficiency” to users by leveraging on the
                         cutting-edge technologies and innovative concepts.

                         The Hitachi brand re-defines the standard of modern home environment. Through functional
                         integration and technological innovation, the new generation of Wisdom Villa All Sense Ai Ground
                         Temperature Control System incorporates the five core functions of refrigeration, floor heating, fresh
                         air, dehumidification and humidification, and deeply integrates AI intelligent control system to build
                         a comprehensive and personalized indoor environment management system, bringing a new
                         paradigm for modern home environment regulation. With its forward-looking technological innovation,
                         outstanding product strength, and quality assurance, the system successfully won the 2025 AWE
                         “Innovation Award”. At the same time, Hitachi’s household water business scale achieved a year-on-
                         year growth of 13%.

                         Hisense brand led the whole house smart air solutions with innovative technologies, and launched the
                         fresh air indoor units by incorporating all three of air purification, cleanliness, and oxygen enrichment
                         equipped with self-developed Think Air healthy air management system, achieving active multi-
                         dimensional adjustment of temperature, humidity, purification, and fresh air through deep integration
                         of AI. According to the research data from AVC, Hisense 5G central air conditioners led the industry
                         with the user satisfaction scoring 9.0 in the evaluation of the user satisfaction of 5G home central air
                         conditioner. At the same time, through making forward-looking deployment of the heat pump new
                         sector, the flagship Red Flame III series won the 2025 HPE China Heat Pump Exhibition Innovation Gold
                         Award with leading technologies such as vapor injection enhanced heating (EVA) and full DC low-
                         temperature booster enhanced compressor, providing our users with energy-saving, intelligent and
                         comfortable experience.

                         York’s VRF brand continued to lead the top-freon and floor-water market, with a year-on-year growth
                         of over 20% in scale. Meanwhile, it accelerated the layout of channel construction, with more
                         than 140 new built stores in the first half of 2025, including nearly 20 new built large stores, further
                         strengthening the market coverage and brand influence. The YES-design series, launched to meet the
                         demand of mid-end customers, innovatively upgraded the fan cowl and dual joint heat dissipation
                         technology. The series are equipped with five high-precision temperature control sensors and multiple
                         purification and antibacterial systems, which achieve refined indoor temperature control and 45℃
                         high temperature outdoor cooling without attenuation, comprehensively improve the clean and
                         comfortable experience, and strengthen the competitiveness of mid-end multi-connected machines.




                                                                                                                                     5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

          1.    HVAC Business — Continued

                (1)   Central air-conditioner business — Continued

                      ②      In terms of the engineering business, the Company deployed the segmented industry, with
                             commercial multi-connected machine products continuously leading the industry in the deployment
                             of cutting-edge technologies.

                             To further enlarge the scale of the old renovation market, the Company launched the new generation
                             of commercial multi-connected Hitachi SET-FREE RIII and Hisense M3 series refresh machines. Utilizing
                             the technological advantages of the new generation of commercial multi-connected machines, the
                             Company developed a one-stop refresh and renovation plan through energy consumption analysis
                             and digital management of old equipment. The signed contract amount of the old renovation
                             projects in the first half of the year increased by 110% year-on-year. Specifically, the Hitachi SET-FREE RIII
                             series won the Innovation Product Award at the 2025 International Refrigeration Exhibition.

                             At the same time, the Company expediated the implementation of its strategy of carbon neutrality
                             by actively promoting the development of “photovoltaic-storage-direct current-flexible” buildings.
                             Hisense’s direct drive series commercial multi-connected systems were implemented in low-carbon
                             demonstration projects of the high-end manufacturing industries in Fangshan District, Beijing, which is
                             the largest direct drive commercial multi-conned project in the country. Hitachi’s standard IoT module
                             SET-FREE AIII series was launched, setting new benchmark for imported brands with industry-leading
                             APF 6.45 efficiency and three globally advanced technologies. York’s new generation YES-super Ⅲ
                             series has significantly enhanced its competitiveness in high-end office spaces, smart healthcare,
                             and other scenarios through its golden fin anti-corrosion technology, wide-adaptation refrigerant
                             management technology, and Balance dynamic load control technology. Since its market debut in
                             June, the series has achieved a year-on-year sales growth of over 25%.

                      ③      In terms of new industries, the Company’s energy-saving and low-carbon overall solutions
                             contributed to the rapid growth of the second curve.

                             In the water heater segment, leveraging the industry’s first positive-pressure, liquid-floating, oil-free
                             variable-frequency centrifugal technology featuring 10kV high-voltage, the centrifugal chiller applying
                             this technology was awarded the 2025 Innovation Product Award at the Refrigeration Exhibition. In
                             the industrial energy-saving retrofit sector, the Company successfully completed the commissioning
                             and delivery of a positive-pressure, liquid-floating oil-free variable-frequency centrifuge for Foxconn
                             Industrial Park.

                             Hisense Central Air Conditioner’s self-developed Smart HVAC ECO-B 2.0 System was awarded the
                             sole Gold Medal in the Control Equipment & Systems category at the 2025 China Refrigeration Expo,
                             earning high recognition in the industry. With the functional advantages of multi-dimensional air
                             control, refined energy management, and predictive intelligent operation and maintenance, the
                             system has been widely used in industrial and mining plants, large-scale venues, research institutions,
                             and other scenarios. The contract amount for HVAC intelligent control increased by 140% compared
                             to the same period last year.




6
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      1.    HVAC Business — Continued

            (2)   Household air-conditioner business

                  Taking “building air conditioner as the central indoor air housekeeper, improving the living environment and
                  benefiting hundreds of millions of families” as the mission in household air-conditioner business, the Company
                  focused on upgrading the technologies and products of Hisense and Kelon.

                  ①      Hisense Air Conditioner integrates technologies for healthy, comfort, intelligence and energy
                         efficiency, delving into sports marketing and technological renovation and continuously pioneering
                         the fresh air industry.

                         Hisense Air Conditioner has committed to providing users with high-quality products. During the
                         Reporting Period, the Company collaborated with authoritative institutions including the Chinese
                         Sleep Research Society and the China Household Electric Appliance Research Institute to release the
                         White Paper on Fresh Air Conditioner for Sleeping (《新風空調睡眠白皮書》), which demonstrated that
                         users can achieve 7 hours of good sleeping effect in the air environment comprehensively optimized
                         by Hisense Fresh Air Conditioner-equivalent to 8 hours of sleeping under traditional air conditioner
                         environment, thus successfully developing the consumers’ awareness of “Quiet operation with
                         oxygenation, an extra hour of sleeping with deep sleeping one night.” Simultaneously, it launched
                         multiple models of the official customized fresh air conditioner products for the FIFA Club World Cup
                         2025. The X3Pro series is equipped with the technologies of dual-flow fresh air for deep sleeping and
                         AI evolutionary energy conservation. The X7Pro Series delivers breeze-free cooling comfort through its
                         ceiling air control technology, and has won the 2025 AWE Innovation Award for its industry-leading
                         “dual-flow fresh air exchange” and “triple purification” technologies. The high-end flagship Tresor
                         C3Pro series made innovation in the AI air housekeeper function, delivering an all-round experience
                         on 6-in-1. According to the monitoring data from AVC, Hisense Air Conditioner ranked Number 1 in
                         terms of the online market share of the fresh air, among which sales of fresh air accounted for 43.9%,
                         increasing by 12.3 percentage points year-on-year. This fully demonstrated Hisense Air Conditioner’s
                         strong strength and users’ recognition in the fresh air sector.

                  ②      Kelon Air Conditioners “quiet operation and energy-saving Max” series leads the technological
                         upgrade in the industry, driving brand younger transformation.

                         Kelon Air Conditioner continued to deepen its brand proposition of “youth defines the trend”, relying
                         on the marketing of the Club World Cup to strengthen the connection with young people. In the first
                         half of 2025, Kelon Air Conditioner launched the flagship product “quiet operation and energy-saving
                         Max” series, positioning it as a “quiet operation and energy-saving ceiling” to achieve rapid cooling
                         and heating of cabinets and wall-hung machines in 15 seconds and 30 seconds respectively, with the
                         noise level of wall-hung machines down to 15 decibel and the highest APF of cabinets reaching 5.1.
                         This series won the dual certification of “ultra-high energy efficiency” from China Household Electric
                         Appliance Research Institute and “ultra-high energy efficiency and rapid cooling and heating” from
                         Jiadian Evaluation (嘉電評測) for its outstanding performance. After its launch in March, it had strong
                         performance, driving a year-on-year increase of 24.7% in brand voice in the first half of 2025 and
                         accelerating the process of brand rejuvenation strategy.




                                                                                                                                   7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

          2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business

                (1)   Refrigerator Business

                      ①      Ronshen refrigerator deepens the ecological layout of intelligent kitchen with intelligent-inspired
                             freshness technology

                             With a 42-year history, Ronshen refrigerator is committed to becoming a leader in terms of the healthy
                             food freshness-preservation technology. Through continuous innovation of “freshness preservation”
                             technology, optimization of space utilization efficiency and implementation of green low-carbon
                             concepts, it delivers healthy, convenient and sustainable intelligent kitchen living solutions for
                             consumers. According to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, retail sales of Ronshen
                             refrigerators increased by 9.7% year-on-year in the first half of 2025, boosting its market share by 1.3%,
                             while the market share of Ronshen’s mid-to-high-end and high-end refrigerator products was 12.7%, a
                             year-on-year increase of 1.4%.

                             In order to implement the concept of “maintaining the vitality of fruits and vegetables in the
                             refrigerator”, the Company has launched the 606WILL Fresh Preservation Embedded Refrigerator,
                             which adopts the WILL Natural Fresh Preservation System to create a “growth chamber” for fruits and
                             vegetables that simulates a natural environment. The 60CM ultra-slim embedded design is consistent
                             with the thickness of standard cabinets, reducing the wall thickness of the refrigerator by 44% and
                             expanding the internal space by 25%, so as to fully meet the storage needs of users. To address
                             consumers’ concern about odors and bacteria, the 506 Dual Clean Max Refrigerator is equipped
                             with the innovated and upgraded i-Smell Smart Sensing Dual Clean Max Technology. Equipped with
                             built-in odor sensors, it can intelligently identify over 100 types of food odor sources, and monitor air
                             quality in the refrigerator in real-time for instant alerting and activating purification procedure. The
                             506 Dual Clean Max Refrigerator achieved the “six-fold 9” (六重9) sterilization standard for the first time
                             in the industry, and was awarded the title of “the 2025 Health Sterilization Pioneer Brand in the China
                             Refrigerator Industry”. In response to the national subsidy policy for household electric appliances,
                             Ronshen Refrigerator actively echoed and launched the policy of “enjoying up to 20% subsidy, with
                             the national subsidy of up to RMB2,000, Ronshen offering subsidy for any excess amount” to activate
                             the trade-in demand in the saturated market.




8
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business — Continued

            (1)   Refrigerator Business — Continued

                  ②      Hisense refrigerator taps into vacuum freshness preservation to pioneer the molecular-level
                         freshness preservation

                         Hisense Refrigerator focuses on vacuum magnetic field preservation technology. With the iteration of
                         vacuum 4.0 technology, Hisense Refrigerator has meticulously provided a vacuum molecular freshness
                         locking solution for users to fully meet their personalized preservation needs in different scenarios.
                         According to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, retail sales of Hisense Refrigerator
                         increased by 8.6% year-on-year in the first half of 2025.

                         In order to keep every ingredient in an optimal condition and achieve “first-class freshness after seven-
                         day sealed storage”, Hisense Tresor 606U7 delves into the cellular and molecular levels, creating a
                         vacuum environment to inhibit the oxidation process of ingredients and constructing a dual protection
                         system of “external resistance and internal inhibition”. It can also achieve independent temperature
                         control in the refrigeration, freezing and variable temperature zones. When the variable temperature
                         zone can be freely switched between -20℃ and 5℃, it can not only meet the -18℃ deep freezing
                         needs of French foie gras, but also provide the -2℃ micro-freezing environment for sashimi platters,
                         perfectly solving the problem of differences in food storage. Through its molecular-level technology
                         breakthrough and excellent freshness preservation effect, Hisense Tresor 606U7 won the 2025 AWE
                         Innovation Award. In order to satisfy the demand for intelligence in modern households, Hisense
                         Refrigerator is equipped with the built-in AI food housekeeper system and integrated with advanced
                         Hi-Star intelligent models to establish a comprehensive food database. Users can freely choose the
                         freshness preservation mode according to different needs such as ice freshness, fruits and vegetables,
                         mothers and infants, etc, while the system will automatically adjust the vacuum degree, temperature
                         and humidity, and oxygen concentration to ensure that the food is in an optimal condition. Focusing
                         on vacuum freshness preservation with the “MVP OF FRESHNESS” as the starting point during the
                         Club World Cup, Hisense Refrigerator enhanced the “Zzz” vacuum super symbol and created the
                         advertising song “Zzz-fresh MVP” to significantly boost brand visibility and consumer recognition. In
                         active response to the national green consumption policy, Hisense Refrigerator continued the after-
                         sales service policy of “three-year full warranty for Hisense refrigerators and a twelve-year warranty for
                         compressors and vacuum pumps”, to facilitate the development of national subsidies and accelerate
                         the innovation of industrial models and structural upgrades.

                  ③      Hisense Freezer, setting high-end freezer quality benchmark through innovative air cooling
                         technology

                         Leveraging the forward-looking layout and constant innovation in the field of air cooling technology,
                         Hisense Freezer introduced the fifth generation of air circulation technology products to solve the
                         three major core problems existing in the traditional air cooling freezers for a long time: ingredients
                         air-drying, limited storage space, and the operation of the noise problem. During the first half of 2025,
                         according to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, retail sales of Hisense Freezer increased by
                         4.4% year-on-year, and the market share of offline mid-to-high-end and high-end segments for Hisense
                         Freezer product was 8.6%, representing an increase of 1.5% year-on-year; the market share of offline
                         mid-to-high-end and high-end segments for Ronshen Freezer product was 12.0%, representing an
                         increase of 2.0% year-on-year.

                         To create a storage environment for premium ingredients comparable to professional cold storage,
                         Ronshen 203 Floor Standing Freezer integrates the -40℃ ultra-fast fresh-freezing technology that leads
                         the industry, to instantly keep the nutrition and freshness of the ingredients. Combining a 585mm ultra-
                         slim seamless flat embedding design with efficient air-cooling frost-free technology, it provides more
                         space and eliminates the trouble of defrosting. With its outstanding product performance, this model
                         has continued to lead the industry in the first half of 2025 and has repeatedly been listed on TOP 1
                         Floor Standing Freezer in Terms of Sales of AVC.



                                                                                                                                      9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

           2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business — Continued

                 (2)   Washing Machine Business

                       Hisense Washing Machines concentrate its efforts on technological upgrades and scenario-based innovation,
                       driving a growth of 37.58% in domestic main business revenue year-on-year, outpacing the industry growth
                       rate. The brand has doubled its market share in mid-to-high-end and high-end segments, demonstrating
                       sustained product mix enhancement. During the 6/18 shopping festival of 2025, the e-commerce sales scale
                       of Hisense washing machines increased by 83% year-on-year, far exceeding the growth rate of the industry.

                       Leveraging on sustained technological innovation and partitioned laundry needs, Hisense launched the
                       revolutionary Cotton Candy Ultra Family Drum in 2025, the world’s first 4-in-1 heat pump washer-dryer.
                       Equipped with the Zeus integrated heat pump drying system, it perfectly combines a washing machine
                       and a dryer in a standard size, achieving the same drying effect as a dedicated dryer. It significantly saves
                       users’ space occupation and truly realizes one-step washing and drying. The “split-type” design allows free
                       splitting and stacking, enabling users to mix and match according to their needs, thus achieving a flexible
                       experience of “having as many drums as desired”. It is also equipped with Hisense’s patented Living Water
                       Washing technology, which activates, purifies, softens and sanitizes water during the washing process. This
                       effectively removes special stains, achieving over 90% removal of lint and impurities from clothes, over 93%
                       scale inhibition rate, and 99.99% fungi elimination. Moreover, it has raised the key indicator of washing ratio to
                       1.33, once again setting a new industry record and continuing its technological leadership advantage.

                       Hisense’s Family Series consists of three models, namely the Flagship Edition, Lite Edition, and Youth Edition,
                       catering precisely to the laundry needs of different households and regions. Within just 30 days of launch,
                       sales neared 10,000 units, with demand outstripping supply in the domestic market. Moreover, as a pioneer
                       in category-specific washing and triple-drum washing machines, Hisense washing machines have taken
                       the step of open-sourcing 66 patented triple-drum technologies to the entire industry. This move has drawn
                       significant attention and marks a milestone transformation in the field of triple-drum partitioned laundry care.

                 (3)   Kitchen Appliance Business

                       Kitchen appliances business adheres to user-centric approach to deliver high-quality products, and
                       accelerates channel expansion to ensure high-speed growth with quality.

                       Adhering to the brand concept of “Global Technology and Healthy Kitchen”, in the domestic market,
                       Hisense kitchen appliances leveraged hoods as a breakthrough driver while simultaneously aligning the core
                       technologies of hoods, stoves, and dishwashers with industry benchmarks. By combining aesthetic innovation
                       and differentiated technology, Hisense accelerated product iteration through a dual-track strategy. Offline,
                       Hisense strengthened its foundation by capitalizing on its proprietary channel advantages, while also
                       strengthening the coordinated integration of professional channels for kitchen appliances and traditional
                       home appliance channels. Focusing on key models to boost terminal efficiency, Hisense sustained high
                       growth in its kitchen appliance business. During the Reporting Period, offline retail revenue surged 52% year-
                       on-year. The sales structure of online range hoods and stoves has been continuously upgraded, promoting a
                       dual increase in the average price and gross profit margin of online channels.




10
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      3.    Domestic Channel Development

            (1)   Seizing the Opportunities of the Nation’s “Two New” Policies to Lead Industrial and Consumption Upgrades

                   The Company has proactively responded to the government’s “trade-in” initiative by continuously upgrading
                   its product mix. On one front, it has increased R&D investment in low-carbon, green and smart products,
                   integrating carbon-reduction technologies into product design while focusing on energy efficiency
                   improvements and accelerating the commercialization of green technologies. Concurrently, the Company
                   has actively launched joint promotional campaigns with government/channels, offering consumer benefits
                   through trade-in subsidies, package purchase discounts, and consumption voucher schemes. Driven
                   by the “trade-in” policy, the Company has continuously achieved product mix upgrades. The installation
                   completions of fresh air conditioner grew 83% year-on-year in the first half of 2025. The Tresor premium product
                   series delivered strong performance with revenue growing 48% year-on-year in the first half of 2025.

            (2)   Capturing Channel Touch Point Dividends to Transform Retail Model Driven by Data

                   The Company is committed to accelerating the integration of online and offline sales channels across
                   its nationwide distribution network, seizing opportunities in diversified channel development, and driving
                   continuous innovation in its omni-channel new retail ecosystem.

                   In terms of channel development, the Company’s self-operated channels maintained strategic focus,
                   accelerated the coverage of its dual-channel sales network, enhanced capabilities in scenario-based
                   experience, localised services, and brand trust building. In the first half of 2025, 1821 specialty stores were
                   newly opened under self-operated channels, with revenue of specialty store increasing by 18% year-on-
                   year; Emerging channels strengthened ecosystem collaboration with content-driven e-commerce platforms,
                   achieving integrated traffic monetization and enhanced reach among high-net-worth individuals, thereby
                   unlocking new growth drivers in existing markets. Notably, Douyin channel revenue surged 51% year-on-year
                   in the first half of 2025, while the assets of the 5A group, which was engaged in repurchasing and actively
                   recommended products, increased by 82% year-on-year.

                   In terms of digital transformation of channels, it integrated local lifestyle services through traffic platforms
                   such as Douyin, Meituan, and Gaode, enabling full-chain innovation in user interaction, transactions, and
                   fulfillment. In addition, by advancing transformation initiatives in digital channels, digital stores, and digital
                   marketing, it expedited the evolution of its retail model and enhanced channel operational efficiency,
                   warehouse and delivery performance, as well as the return on marketing investments.

      4.    Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business

            During the Reporting Period, Hisense sponsored FIFA Club World Cup 2025 and capitalized on sports marketing to
            actively build five regional engines overseas and deepen localization efforts.

            (1)   Europe Region

                   During the Reporting Period, Hisense’s European Division fully leveraged the opportunity of the World Cup,
                   continually refined the mid-to-high-end product portfolio, enhanced cost competitiveness, improved channel
                   efficiency, and drove revenue growth of 22.7% year-on-year in the first half of 2025. Specifically, the market
                   share of refrigerators in Europe Region from January to May 2025 increased by 1.75% year-on-year. The
                   European Air Conditioner R&D centre was successfully launched, with revenue of air-conditioner business in
                   Europe increased by 34.5% year-on-year; washing machine revenue increased by 38.9% year-on-year.




                                                                                                                                        11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

           4.    Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business — Continued

                 (2)   Americas Region

                       During the Reporting Period, leveraging the World Cup as a super IP, Hisense’s Americas region intensified
                       its digital marketing efforts. Through initiatives such as the “KOL City Mission Challenge”, the Company
                       enhanced its technology-driven brand image, strengthened the penetration of event-related benefits at the
                       consumer level, and boosted sales conversion during the tournament. In the first half of 2025, the American
                       Division achieved a year-on-year revenue growth of 26.2%. Among them, the revenue of home air- conditioner
                       increased by 19.3% year-on-year; revenue from washing machines increased by 71% year-on-year; the
                       revenue of central air-conditioner increased by 59% year-on-year.

                 (3)   Middle East and Africa (MEA) Region

                       During the Reporting Period, leveraging the advantages of operations and R&D centers of the Middle East
                       and Africa (MEA) Region, the Company continued to deepen its understanding of users’ needs, vigorously
                       promoted high-end premium products, and fully utilized sponsorship rights for the World Cup and Real Madrid
                       to further enhance the Hisense brand. In the first half of 2025, the MEA Division’s revenue increased by 22.8%
                       year-on-year. Among them, household air-conditioner business launched the MEA R&D centre to quickly
                       capture market changes, with revenue increased by 28.9% year-on-year, and light commercial appliance
                       revenue increased by 20.1% year-on-year; Washing machine revenue increased by 21.7% year-on-year.

                 (4)   Asia-Pacific Region

                       During the Reporting Period, Hisense restructured its brand value in Asia-Pacific Region, strengthened
                       the construction of channels, accelerated the iteration of mid-to-high-end products such as over $1,000
                       refrigerators, air conditioners with functions such as self-cleaning and WiFi, and drum washing machines,
                       and promoted customized solutions to consumers. In the first half of 2025, the Asia-Pacific Region’s revenue
                       increased by 14.5% year-on-year. Among them, household air-conditioner and light commercial appliance
                       revenue increased by 12.3% year-on-year, and washing machine revenue increased by 9% year-on-year.

                 (5)   ASEAN Region

                       The ASEAN region focused on core product categories, expanded the chain network, improved the efficiency
                       of the retail system, and increased resources to promote mid-to-high-end products such as side-by-side and
                       multi-door refrigerators, washer-dryers, and fresh air conditioners. In the first half of 2025, the sales volume
                       of side-by-side refrigerators increased by 46% year-on-year; the washing machine business continuously
                       upgraded the running water washing technology, thereby achieving a 55% year-on-year revenue growth. The
                       air conditioner business has been continuously making efforts in professional channels and brand building,
                       with its self-owned brand revenue accounting for over 80%. The central air conditioner business revenue
                       increased by 26% year-on-year.




12
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

II.   STATUS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

      5.    Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business

            Under the global energy transition and automotive intelligence trend, facing intensified price competition
            among automakers as well as geopolitical and exchange rate fluctuations, Sanden Company aimed to achieve
            performance improvement by focusing on the new energy sector and providing efficient, energy-saving, and reliable
            thermal management solutions, continuously serving global automotive customers. In the first half of 2025, Sanden
            Company represented a year-on-year revenue growth of 3%.

            (1)    Significant breakthroughs were made in both traditional and new energy businesses by fully leveraging
                   the global collaboration mechanism.

                   In the first half of 2025, Sanden Company obtained new franchises RMB6.9 billion, laying a solid foundation
                   for the continuous and stable growth of subsequent orders. Meanwhile, Sanden Company attached great
                   importance to R&D investment, driving the Company to achieve industry leadership in new-generation
                   compressor, natural refrigerant integrated units and others, and enabling rapid improvement in its revenue
                   structure within the next few years.

                   Sanden actively expanded its global market through measures such as front-end marketing technology. In
                   China, Sanden successfully secured new customers and received orders for new products such as ECH, while
                   accelerating collaborative innovation with key customers in new product technologies, particularly in areas
                   like new refrigerants ITMS and advanced HVAC systems. In Europe, Sanden expanded and deepened its
                   collaboration with European strategic partners, leveraging its strengths in mechanical compressors to secure
                   orders for mechanical compressors on strategic customers’ main platforms, thereby solidifying its industry
                   position. In the Americas, Sanden secured orders for electric compressors from key customers, continuing to
                   expand its new energy business footprint. In Japan, Sanden deepened collaboration with key customers on
                   new product technology development, securing orders for its flagship electric compressor platform.

            (2)    Continue to promote cost reduction and efficiency improvement, enhance asset operation efficiency,
                   strengthen capital management, and restore independent and autonomous operational capabilities.

                   In the face of increasingly fierce competition in the automotive parts market, Sanden Company made
                   great strides in cost optimisation in the first half of the year, continuing to implement measures to improve
                   manufacturing and management efficiency. It also significantly improved personnel and operational
                   efficiency through organisational and process optimisation, functional integration, and the divestiture of
                   low value-added businesses. Concurrently, Sanden Company strengthened management of fixed asset
                   investments and operating cash flows, optimised existing fixed assets to enhance their utilisation efficiency,
                   conducted thorough and prudent assessments of fixed asset investment projects, improved operating cash
                   flows by reducing inventory and accounts receivable levels, gradually reduced reliance on external borrowing
                   and guaranteed loans, and implemented necessary counter-guarantee measures.

                   Organisational structure optimisation would increase operating costs in the short term, but in the long term,
                   structural optimisation and efficiency improvements would effectively enhance the company’s long-term
                   competitiveness, gradually improve its profitability, improve its debt structure, and bring about sustained
                   development for the company.




                                                                                                                                    13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

            (I)    Major Accounting Data and Financial Indicators

                   Did the Company need to make retrospective adjustment to or restatement of the accounting data of prior years?

                   □ Yes √ No

                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                          Increase or
                                                                                                                        decrease as
                                                                            Amount for             Amount for          compared to
                                                                          the Reporting    the corresponding          corresponding
                   Item                                                          Period       period last year   period last year (%)

                   Operating revenue (RMB)                             49,340,344,981.85     48,641,673,374.79                  1.44
                   Net profits attributable to shareholders of the      2,076,581,358.73      2,015,831,383.14                  3.01
                      Company (RMB)
                   Net profits after deducting non-recurring profit     1,817,610,114.41      1,703,110,186.47                  6.72
                      and loss attributable to shareholders of the
                      Company (RMB)
                   Net cash flow from operating activities (RMB)        5,321,988,827.78      2,099,973,482.47              153.43
                   Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                             1.52                  1.48                 2.70
                   Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                           1.52                  1.48                 2.70
                   Weighted average rate of return on net assets (%)               12.55                 14.00     Decrease of 1.45
                                                                                                                  percentage points

                                                                                                                         Increase or
                                                                                 At the                At the           decrease as
                                                                             end of the            end of the          compared to
                   Item                                                Reporting Period         previous year          last year (%)

                   Total assets (RMB)                                  74,812,977,278.50     69,701,939,817.33                  7.33
                   Net assets attributable to shareholders of the      16,012,366,733.33     15,455,626,606.63                  3.60
                     Company (RMB)

            (II)   Accounting Data Differences Under Domestic and Foreign Accounting Standards

                   1.     There was no difference between the net profit and the net assets in the financial reports disclosed in
                          accordance with international accounting standards and in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
                          during the Reporting Period.

                   2.     There was no difference between the net profit and the net assets in the financial reports disclosed in
                          accordance with foreign accounting standards and in accordance with Chinese accounting standards
                          during the Reporting Period.




14
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

       (III)   Non-Recurring Profit and Loss Items and Amounts

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

               Item                                                                                Amount     Description

               Profits or losses from disposal of non-current assets (including the           18,693,337.84
                 part written off for provision for impairment on assets)
               Government grants recognised in the profits or losses (excluding               62,698,065.41
                 government grants closely related to the Company’s business
                 and are received with fixed amounts or with fixed percentage
                 based on unified standards promulgated by government)
               Except for effective hedging operations related to the Company’s               76,641,468.99
                 normal business operations, gain or loss from changes in fair
                 values of transactional financial assets, derivative financial assets,
                 transactional financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities,
                 and investment gain from the disposal of transactional financial
                 assets, derivative financial assets, transactional financial liabilities,
                 derivative financial liabilities and other investments in debt
               Profit and losses from assets which entrust others to invest or               129,858,712.05
                 manage
               Gain or loss on debt restructuring                                             10,587,751.15
               Other non-operating income and expenses other than the                         21,142,673.81
                 aforementioned items
               Less: Effect of income tax                                                     57,090,449.32
                      Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                 3,560,315.61


               Total                                                                         258,971,244.32




                                                                                                                             15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

            (IV)   Analysis of Principal Business

                   1.     Changes of major financial information as compared to corresponding period in previous year

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                                                              Increase or
                                                                                                             decrease as
                                                                                                            compared to
                                                                     Amount for             Amount for     corresponding
                                                                   the Reporting    the corresponding     period last year
                          Item                                            Period       period last year                (%)   Reasons of change

                          Operating revenue                     49,340,344,981.85    48,641,673,374.79               1.44    No significant changes
                          Operating costs                       38,743,597,232.06    38,531,710,125.29               0.55    No significant changes
                          Sales expenses                         4,869,442,985.61     4,719,717,716.22               3.17    No significant changes
                          Management expenses                    1,232,915,731.34     1,199,136,901.69               2.82    No significant changes
                          Financial expenses                        41,636,947.45      -105,016,702.42               N/A     Mainly due to the fluctuation of
                                                                                                                               foreign exchange gains and
                                                                                                                               losses
                          Income tax expenses                      436,679,453.25       469,196,871.14               -6.93   No significant changes
                          Investment in research and             1,674,893,303.26     1,643,979,097.19                1.88   No significant changes
                             development
                          Net cash flows from operating          5,321,988,827.78     2,099,973,482.47             153.43    Mainly due to the increase in cash
                             activities                                                                                       received from sales of goods and
                                                                                                                              provision of services
                          Net cash flows from investing         -3,621,352,263.48       493,052,678.68             -834.48   Mainly due to the net increase in
                            activities                                                                                        wealth management products
                          Net cash flows from financing           -668,288,088.93    -2,612,982,815.10               N/A     Mainly due to the decrease in
                            activities                                                                                        cash related to other financing
                                                                                                                              activities
                          Net increase in cash and cash          1,075,732,900.97      -127,424,266.33               N/A     Mainly due to the net cash inflow
                            equivalents                                                                                       from operating activities
                          Notes receivable                        278,975,395.97        459,013,499.65              -39.22   Mainly due to the decrease in
                                                                                                                              commercial acceptance bills
                                                                                                                              receivable of the Company
                                                                                                                              during the Reporting Period
                          Contract assets                          80,847,519.43         56,210,047.88              43.83    Mainly due to the increase
                                                                                                                              in the Company’s quality
                                                                                                                              assurance deposit with business
                                                                                                                              development
                          Other current assets                   1,147,251,897.45     1,687,051,443.98              -32.00   Mainly due to the decrease in
                                                                                                                              the company’s time deposits
                                                                                                                              and input tax to be deducted/
                                                                                                                              certified
                          Transactional financial liabilities      44,449,742.26          3,552,841.18           1,151.10    Mainly due to the fluctuation in the
                                                                                                                              fair value of forward exchange
                                                                                                                              rate hedges
                          Accounts payable                      17,469,018,721.95    12,848,289,233.62              35.96    Mainly due to changes in
                                                                                                                              procurement scale and payment
                                                                                                                              timing
                          Taxes payable                           706,065,325.93        537,713,772.43              31.31    Mainly due to the increase in value-
                                                                                                                              added tax payable




16
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

       (IV)   Analysis of Principal Business — Continued

              1.     Changes of major financial information as compared to corresponding period in previous year —
                     Continued

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                                                                          Increase or
                                                                                                         decrease as
                                                                                                        compared to
                                                                 Amount for             Amount for     corresponding
                                                               the Reporting    the corresponding     period last year
                     Item                                             Period       period last year                (%)   Reasons of change

                     Gain from changes in fair values          75,736,420.19        170,272,953.38              -55.52   Mainly due to wealth management
                                                                                                                          and forward exchange rate
                                                                                                                          assessment fluctuations
                     Impairment losses on credit               15,511,648.66         32,676,076.37              -52.53   Mainly due to changes in bad debt
                                                                                                                          provisions and reversals
                     Impairment losses on assets               -73,425,223.25       -17,846,374.49               N/A     Mainly due to changes in inventory
                                                                                                                          impairment provisions
                     Gains on disposal of asset                21,786,782.78            857,010.80           2,442.18    Mainly due to the disposal of certain
                                                                                                                          long-term assets by subsidiaries
                     Non-operating incomes                     63,639,458.45        154,188,740.82              -58.73   Mainly due to the decrease
                                                                                                                          in income unrelated to the
                                                                                                                          Company’s daily operations
                                                                                                                          during the current period
                                                                                                                          compared to the same period
                                                                                                                          last year
                     Net cash received from disposals          29,126,827.23          2,802,246.65             939.41    Mainly due to the disposal of certain
                       of fixed assets, intangible assets                                                                 long-term assets by subsidiaries
                       and other long-term assets
                     Cash paid for acquisition of fixed       718,647,575.97        539,690,593.60              33.16    Mainly due to the increase in
                       assets, intangible assets and                                                                      long-term assets purchased by
                       other long-term assets                                                                             subsidiaries
                     Cash paid relating to other            21,747,156,113.20    14,001,882,721.62              55.32    Mainly due to the purchase of
                       investing activities                                                                               financial products
                     Cash received from borrowings           2,219,815,567.38       325,347,689.44             582.29    Mainly due to loans from
                                                                                                                          subsidiaries
                     Cash received relating to other          391,834,125.12      1,604,632,245.40              -75.58   Mainly due to the change in bill
                       financing activities                                                                               margin
                     Cash paid for repayment of              1,683,062,186.07       243,575,921.60             590.98    Mainly due to the repayment of
                       borrowings                                                                                         loans by overseas subsidiaries
                     Cash paid relating to other               68,197,954.90      2,962,575,537.77              -97.70   Mainly due to the repayment of
                       financing activities                                                                               loans by overseas subsidiaries
                                                                                                                          and the repurchase of shares/
                                                                                                                          minority interests during the same
                                                                                                                          period

                     No significant change in profit composition or profit source during the Reporting Period of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                 17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     III.   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD — Continued

            (IV)   Analysis of Principal Business — Continued

                   2.     Composition of operating revenue

                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                                           The Reporting Period                     The corresponding period last year
                                                                                             Weighting to                                  Weighting to
                                                                                                operating                                      operating
                                                                           Amount            revenue (%)                   Amount           revenue (%)           Change (%)

                          Total operating revenue                 49,340,344,981.85                            48,641,673,374.79                                          1.44

                          By industry
                          Manufacturing industry                   45,699,772,461.92               92.62        43,533,451,261.12                  89.50                  4.98

                          By product
                          HVAC                                     23,694,226,316.45               48.02        22,767,026,154.35                  46.81                  4.07
                          Refrigerators and washing machines       15,392,341,672.05               31.20        14,692,881,715.23                  30.21                  4.76
                          Other main business                       6,613,204,473.42               13.40         6,073,543,391.54                  12.48                  8.89

                          By region
                          Mainland                                 25,248,768,513.67               51.17        25,328,122,655.20                  52.07                  -0.31
                          Overseas                                 20,451,003,948.25               41.45        18,205,328,605.92                  37.43                 12.34

                          The industry, product or region that accounts for more than 10% of the Company’s operating revenue or
                          operating profit

                          √ Applicable □ Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                             Increase or          Increase        Increase or
                                                                                                                            decrease in       or decrease decrease in gross
                                                                                                                      operating revenue       in operating       profit margin
                                                                                                                        as compared to costs as compared        as compared
                                                                                                           Gross         corresponding to corresponding to corresponding
                                                               Operating          Operating        profit margin        period last year  period last year    period last year
                                                                revenue               costs                  (%)                     (%)               (%) (percentage point)

                          By industry
                          manufacturing industry      45,699,772,461.92     35,345,347,444.42               22.66                   4.98              5.00                -0.01

                          By product
                          HVAC                        23,694,226,316.45     17,268,329,601.85               27.12                   4.07              6.35               –1.56
                          Refrigerators and washing   15,392,341,672.05     12,508,479,977.23               18.74                   4.76              2.10                2.12
                             machines
                          Other main business          6,613,204,473.42      5,568,537,865.34               15.80                   8.89              7.62                0.99

                          By region
                          Mainland                    25,248,768,513.67     17,415,927,681.47               31.02                  -0.31              -0.23               -0.06
                          Overseas                    20,451,003,948.25     17,929,419,762.95               12.33                 12.34              10.63                 1.35




18
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

IV.   ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

      1.     Significant Changes in the Composition of Assets

                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB

                                          At the end of the Reporting Period          At the end of 2024
                                                                                                  Weighting to     Percentage
                                                             Weighting to                           total assets    change in    Explanation of
                                                   Amount total assets (%)            Amount                (%) proportion (%)   significant changes



             Monetary Funds                5,157,253,114.76           6.89 4,397,693,443.73               6.31            0.58   No significant changes
             Accounts receivable          12,467,487,459.89          16.66 10,480,609,898.16             15.04            1.62   Mainly due to the impact
                                                                                                                                   of sales timing
             Contract assets                 80,847,519.43             0.11       56,210,047.88           0.08            0.03   No significant changes
             Inventories                  6,258,888,422.70             8.37    7,566,932,954.39          10.86           -2.49   Mainly due to the
                                                                                                                                   disposal of inventory
                                                                                                                                   reserves during peak
                                                                                                                                   sales seasons and
                                                                                                                                   major promotional
                                                                                                                                   events
            Investment properties           254,764,895.89             0.34      253,998,555.64           0.36           -0.02   No significant changes
            Long-term equity investment   2,050,827,531.07             2.74    1,764,936,952.09           2.53            0.21   No significant changes
            Fixed assets                  5,827,242,669.53             7.79    5,648,643,079.56           8.10           –0.31   No significant changes
            Construction in progress        800,629,861.33             1.07      674,456,905.57           0.97            0.10   No significant changes
            Right-of-use assets             181,137,390.98             0.24      163,180,643.61           0.23            0.01   No significant changes
            Short-term borrowings         3,365,328,105.01             4.50    2,708,715,351.46           3.89            0.61   No significant changes
            Contract liabilities          1,471,759,913.98             1.97    1,838,591,086.05           2.64           -0.67   No significant changes
            Long-term borrowings             62,877,406.73             0.08       49,371,196.64           0.07            0.01   No significant changes
            Lease liabilities               161,648,951.48             0.22      161,471,272.87           0.23           -0.01   No significant changes

      2.     Major Foreign Assets

             □Applicable √ Not applicable




                                                                                                                                                            19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     IV.   ASSETS AND LIABILITIES POSITION — Continued

           3.    Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value

                                                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

                                                                            Gain or loss from   Accumulated           Impairment              Amount             Amount
                                                         Amount at the        change in fair   changes in fair           provided         of purchase         of disposal                          Amount at the
                                                       beginning of the     value during the value accounted            during the          during the         during the                              end of the
                 Item                                  Reporting Period     Reporting Period         in equity    Reporting Period    Reporting Period   Reporting Period     Other changes      Reporting Period

                 Financial assets
                 1. Trading financial assets (excluding 16,162,709,563.22     144,196,567.02                                         21,169,405,424.52   17,081,472,712.12    -140,126,701.47    20,254,712,141.17
                    derivative financial assets)
                 2. Derivative financial assets             46,567,199.63     -27,563,245.75                                                                                        -12,746.24       18,991,207.64
                 3. Other debt investments               6,000,519,893.99                                                                                                     -199,154,200.94     5,801,365,693.05
                 4. Other investments in equity             42,364,813.88                         -2,060,026.48                             571,820.68                           3,049,605.48        43,926,213.56
                    instruments
                 5. Other non-current financial assets 21,332,417.54                                                                                                               -455,194.88     20,877,222.66
                 Sub-total of financial assets         22,273,493,888.26     116,633,321.27       -2,060,026.48                      21,169,977,245.20 17,081,472,712.12      -336,699,238.05 26,139,872,478.08
                 Investment properties
                 Productive biological assets
                 Other
                 The above total                       22,273,493,888.26     116,633,321.27       -2,060,026.48                      21,169,977,245.20 17,081,472,712.12      -336,699,238.05 26,139,872,478.08
                 Financial liabilities                       3,552,841.18     -40,896,901.08                                                                                                      44,449,742.26

           4.    Restrictions on Asset Rights at the End of the Reporting Period

                 For details, please refer to Note V. (XXIV).

     V.    ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION

           1.    Overall situation

                 √ Applicable □Not applicable

                                 Amount invested during                                                     Investment for the same
                               the Reporting Period (RMB)                                                    period last year (RMB)                                          Range of changes

                                            16,122,921.57                                                          933,291,882.04                                                    -98.27%

           2.    Significant equity investments acquired during the Reporting Period

                 □Applicable √ Not applicable

           3.    Ongoing material non-equity investments during the Reporting Period

                 □Applicable √ Not applicable




20
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

V.           ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

             4.           Financial assets investment

                        （1）            securities investment

                                                                                        Gains or Accumulated
                                                                                        losses on     fair value                  Amount Profit and
                                                 Initial    Accounting                  changes in     changes          Purchase sold        loss for the
Type of        Securities Abbreviation           investment measurement        Opening fair value for  included        amount for during the Reporting                 Closing Accounting            Fund
Securities     code       of securities          cost       model            book value the period      in equity      the period period Period Other changes       book value accounts            source

stock          7267          Honda Motor Co., –            Fair value    15,554,161.53                 -2,060,026.48   571,820.68                   1,100,551.90   15,166,507.63 Other equity   Own funds
                               Ltd. (Listed on               measurement                                                                                                          instruments
                               the Tokyo Stock
                               Exchange)
stock          8795          T&D Holdings       –          Fair value             18.49                                                                    1.35           19.84 Other equity    Own funds
                               (Listed on the                measurement                                                                                                         instruments
                               Tokyo Stock
                               Exchange)
stock          PRU           Prudential (Listed –          Fair value       1,996,486.11 -180,688.46                                                  -34,734.28    1,781,063.37 Trading        Own funds
                               on the New York               measurement                                                                                                           financial
                               Stock Exchange)                                                                                                                                     assets
stock          000980        ZOTYE AUTOMOBILE –            Fair value          23,307.89 -3,105.47                                                     2,416.71        22,619.13 Trading        Own funds
                               (10757)                       measurement                                                                                                           financial
                                                                                                                                                                                   assets
stock          601777        Lifan Technology –            Fair value         372,302.18 45,533.57                                                    45,064.04       462,899.79 Trading        Own funds
                                (4452)                       measurement                                                                                                           financial
                                                                                                                                                                                   assets

Other securities investments held at the end of –          –                                                                                                                      –                     –
  the period
Total                                            –         –               17,946,276.20 -138,260.36 -2,060,026.48     571,820.68                  1,113,299.72 17,433,109.76 –                        –
Date of the announcement disclosing the                                                                                                                                                              N/A
  approval of securities investment by the Board
Date of the announcement disclosing the                                                                                                                                                              N/A
  approval of securities investment during
  shareholders’ meetings (if any)

                        （2）            derivatives investment

                                       √ Applicable □Not applicable

                                       The company’s derivative investments mainly consist of foreign exchange derivative businesses such as
                                       forward foreign exchange settlement and sales.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     V.           ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

                  4.            Financial assets investment — Continued

                              （2）             derivatives investment — Continued

                                              1)            Derivative investments for hedging purposes during the Reporting Period

                                                            √ Applicable □Not applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Ratio of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      the ending
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              investment amount
                                                                                                                                            Cumulative fair                                                                    to the Company’s
                                                                                    Initial                                  Fair value     value changes Purchase amount                Sales amount                                  net assets
                                                                              investment               Opening                changes           recognized         during the                during the                Ending at the end of the
     Types of Derivative Investments                                             amount                balance          for the period             in equity Reporting Period          Reporting Period               balance Reporting Period

     Forward foreign exchange contracts                                                                 4,301.44              -6,846.01                                                                                 -2,545.85
     Total                                                                                              4,301.44              -6,846.01                                                                                 -2,545.85
     Explanation of the accounting policies and specific accounting principles for hedging business during The accounting principles are based on the Enterprise Accounting Standards. The Company has conducted accounting
        the reporting period, as well as whether there have been any material changes compared with the          treatments for its business activities in accordance with the relevant provisions and guidance of the Ministry of Finance’s
        previous Reporting Period                                                                                Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments, No. 37 –
                                                                                                                 Presentation of Financial Instruments, and No. 39 – Fair Value Measurement, reflecting the related items in the balance sheet and
                                                                                                                 income statement. There is no change compared with the previous Reporting Period.
     Explanation of the actual profit and loss during the Reporting Period                                       The actual loss amount was RMB31.8435 million during the Reporting Period.
     Explanation of Hedging Effectiveness                                                                        During the reporting period, the Company’s main exposure was foreign exchange risk, including foreign currency asset and liability
                                                                                                                 exposures arising from import and export foreign exchange settlement and receipt, financing and other businesses. By purchasing
                                                                                                                 derivative contracts of equivalent value, maturity, and opposite direction, the Company effectively hedged against uncertainties
                                                                                                                 risks from exchange rate fluctuations.
     Sources of funds for derivatives investment                                                                 Own funds
     Risk Analysis and Control Measures for Derivative Positions During the Reporting Period (including but not The company employs banking financial products to preserve and increase the value of foreign exchange assets, thereby locking
        limited to market risk, liquidity risk, credit risk, operational risk, legal risk, etc.)                 in or reducing the cost of foreign exchange liabilities to meet the requirements of its import and export business.
                                                                                                                 1. Market risk: The company has established a foreign exchange risk management team. For the exchange rates applicable
                                                                                                                      to its foreign currency – denominated asset and liability exposures, the team assesses foreign exchange rate trends and,
                                                                                                                      considering the company’s tolerance for price fluctuations caused by exchange rate movements, determines whether to enter
                                                                                                                      into foreign exchange derivative contracts to lock in conversion costs and profits. Although some opportunity cost exists, timely
                                                                                                                      execution of forward exchange contracts effectively mitigates market risk and safeguards the company’s reasonable profit
                                                                                                                      levels.
                                                                                                                 2. Liquidity risk: The Company enters into foreign exchange derivative contracts based on reasonable projections of future foreign
                                                                                                                      exchange receipts and payments. These transactions are non-speculative in nature, entail no performance risk, and have no
                                                                                                                      impact on the Company’s liquidity.
                                                                                                                 3. Counterparty default risk: When conducting foreign exchange derivatives business, the Company only engages in derivative
                                                                                                                      foreign exchange transactions with financial institutions approved by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange and the
                                                                                                                      People’s Bank of China, possessing the requisite operational qualifications. Furthermore, it selects financial institutions such as
                                                                                                                      large banks with high credit ratings as counterparties. These institutions are financially robust and operate prudently, rendering
                                                                                                                      their default risk extremely low.
                                                                                                                 4. Operational risk: The Company has established the Internal Control System for Forward Foreign Exchange Transactions,
                                                                                                                      implementing a tiered management approach. Responsibilities and functions at each level are clearly defined, with business
                                                                                                                      applications, monitoring, and operational execution handled by distinct tiers and departments. This tiered management
                                                                                                                      effectively eliminates operational risks associated with individual or single-department control, thereby controlling and
                                                                                                                      mitigating operational risks.
                                                                                                                 5. Legal Risk: The company’s foreign exchange derivatives operations comply with relevant regulations, clearly defining the rights
                                                                                                                      and obligations between counterparties (or partner financial institutions). The exchange rate risk team and risk management
                                                                                                                      department continuously enhance regulatory knowledge, rigorously review contracts, and ensure derivatives investments and
                                                                                                                      position management operations adhere to regulatory requirements and company policies.



22
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

V.           ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

             4.            Financial assets investment — Continued

                         （2）             derivatives investment — Continued

                                         1)            Derivative investments for hedging purposes during the Reporting Period — Continued

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Ratio of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        the ending
                                                                                                                                                                                                                investment amount
                                                                                                                                   Cumulative fair                                                               to the Company’s
                                                                               Initial                               Fair value    value changes Purchase amount             Sales amount                                net assets
                                                                         investment               Opening             changes          recognized         during the             during the              Ending at the end of the
Types of Derivative Investments                                             amount                balance       for the period            in equity Reporting Period       Reporting Period             balance Reporting Period

The market price or changes in the fair value of products for invested derivatives during the reporting     The Company recognised and measured derivatives in accordance with Chapter 7 ‘Determination of Fair Value’ of Accounting
  period shall be analysed. The analysis of the fair value of derivatives shall disclose the specific       Standard for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments:
  methodology employed, along with the relevant assumptions and parameter settings.
                                                                                                     The fair value change recognised for derivatives during the Reporting Period amounted to RMB-68.4601 million. The fair value of
                                                                                                     foreign exchange contracts was determined based on the bank’s quoted prices for foreign exchange products.
Litigation Status (if applicable)                                                                    N/A
Disclosure date of the Board announcement on derivatives investment approval (if applicable)         29 March 2025
Disclosure date of the shareholders’ general meeting announcement on derivatives investment approval 25 June 2025
    (if applicable)

                                         2)            Derivative investments for speculative purposes during the Reporting Period

                                                       □ Applicable √ Not applicable

                                                       The Company did not engage in derivative investments for speculative purposes during the Reporting
                                                       Period.

             5.            Fund raising

                           The Company had no use of raised funds during the Reporting Period.

             6.            Significant asset and equity disposals

                           The Company did not dispose of any significant assets or significant equity during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     V.    ANALYSIS OF INVESTMENT POSITION — Continued

           7.    Major controlling companies in which the Company has equity interest

                 Main subsidiaries and investees which contributed more than 10% of net profit to the Company

                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                          Registered                                Operating     Operating
                 Name of company      Company type     Major business        capital    Total asset    Net asset      income          profit    Net profit

                 Hisense Hitachi      Subsidiary       Production and US$150 million   1,865,932.19   570,381.89   1,065,526.10   219,283.10   186,069.90
                                                         sale of central
                                                         air-conditioners

                 Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period

                 □ Applicable       √ Not applicable

                 Description of major holding and participating companies

                 Please refer to the “HVAC Business” section of Management Discussion and Analysis in this report for the detailed
                 description for Hisense Hitachi.

     VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

           1.    Trusteeship, Contracting and Leasing Matters

                 (1)       The Company was not involved in any trusteeship during the Reporting Period.

                 (2)       The Company was not involved in any contracting during the Reporting Period.

                 (3)       The Company was not involved in any leasing during the Reporting Period.

                 Note:     The Company has no material leases. For non-material leases occurring during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note
                           XVI.3.




24
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

      2.    Major Guarantees

                                                                      External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                         Disclosure date                                                                                                     Counter-
                                         of announcements                                              Actual                                              guarantee                                                 Whether
            Name of the                  related to                                  Actual        guaranteed        Guarantee            Collateral             status     Guarantee           Whether fully   related party
            guaranteed party             guarantee limits Guarantee limits occurrence date            amount                type            (if any)           (if any)        period            performed         guarantee

            N/A

            Total quota of external guarantees approved                                         0 Total actual amount of external                                                                                          0
              during the Reporting Period (A1)                                                    guarantees incurred during the
                                                                                                  Reporting Period (A2)
            Total quota of approved external guarantees at                                      0 Total actual external guarantee                                                                                          0
              the end of the Reporting Period (A3)                                                balance at the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                  Period (A4)

                                                                                                 Guarantee status of the Company for its subsidiaries
                                      Disclosure date                                                                                                         Counter-
                                      of announcements                                                        Actual                                         guarantee                                               Whether
            Name of the               related to                                       Actual             guaranteed        Guarantee           Collateral       status          Guarantee      Whether fully   related party
            guaranteed party          guarantee limits        Guarantee limits occurrence date               amount              type             (if any)     (if any)             period       performed         guarantee

            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                    22 December 2022 RMB0.385 bil ion           Joint and                                   22 December 2022               Yes              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                  – 3 January 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                       18 April 2023    RMB0.093 bil ion        Joint and                                         18 April 2023            Yes              No
                                      14 December 2024          RMB8.38 bil ion                                          several liability                                    – 25 April 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                       21 April 2023    RMB0.185 bil ion        Joint and                                         21 April 2023            Yes              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                    – 30 April 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     22 March 2024    1.0 bil ion yen           Joint and                                       22 March 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                                   (equivalent to        several liability                                  – 24 March 2025
                                                                                                  RMB0.05 bil ion)          guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     28 March 2024    2.8 bil ion yen           Joint and                                       28 March 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                                   (equivalent to        several liability                                  – 28 March 2025
                                                                                                 RMB0.139 bil ion)          guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                      21 June 2024 RMB0.031 bil ion             Joint and                                        21 June 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                   – 24 June 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                        23 July 2024     RMB0.07 bil ion        Joint and                                          23 July 2024             No              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                     – 24 July 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                        23 July 2024      RMB0.1 bil ion        Joint and                                          23 July 2024             No              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                     – 24 July 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                        29 July 2024 5.15 bil ion yen           Joint and                                          29 July 2024            Yes              No
                                                                                                    (equivalent to       several liability                                – 10 February 2025
                                                                                                  RMB0.255 bil ion)         guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     21 August 2024 RMB0.039 bil ion            Joint and                                      21 August 2024               No              No
                                                                                                                         several liability                                 – 22 August 2025
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     23 August 2024     5.15 bil ion yen        Joint and                                      23 August 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                                       (equivalent to    several liability                                – 10 February 2025
                                                                                                     RMB0.255 bil ion)      guarantee



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

           2.    Major Guarantees — Continued

                                                                                           Guarantee status of the Company for its subsidiaries
                                        Disclosure date                                                                                                 Counter-
                                        of announcements                                                 Actual                                        guarantee                                                 Whether
                 Name of the            related to                                  Actual           guaranteed        Guarantee          Collateral       status            Guarantee      Whether fully   related party
                 guaranteed party       guarantee limits   Guarantee limits occurrence date             amount              type            (if any)     (if any)               period       performed         guarantee

                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024      5.15 bil ion yen        Joint and                                       23 August 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                                  (equivalent to    several liability                                      – 8 May 2025
                                                                                               RMB0.255 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 bil ion yen             Joint and                                       23 August 2024              Yes              No
                                                                                              (equivalent to        several liability                                     – 4 June 2025
                                                                                              RMB0.255 bil ion)        guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 bil ion yen             Joint and                                       23 August 2024               No              No
                                                                                                  (equivalent to    several liability                                       – 4 July 2025
                                                                                               RMB0.255 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                         13 September 2024       3 bil ion yen        Joint and                                    13 September 2024               No              No
                                                                                                  (equivalent to    several liability                               – 12 September 2025
                                                                                               RMB0.149 bil ion)       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                         23 September 2024 RMB0.165 bil ion           Joint and                                    23 September 2024               No              No
                                                                                                                    several liability                               – 19 September 2025
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                         21 February 2025  1.236 bil ion yen          Joint and                                     21 February 2025               No              No
                                                                                                (equivalent to      several liability                                     – 31 July 2025
                                                                                             RMB0.061 bil ion)         guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                          21 March 2025 3.914 bil ion yen             Joint and                                       21 March 2025               Yes              No
                                                                                                (equivalent to      several liability                                    – 21 April 2025
                                                                                             RMB0.191 bil ion)         guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                            18 April 2025 RMB0.342 bil ion            Joint and                                          18 April 2025             No              No
                                                                                                                    several liability                                     – 30 April 2026
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                            24 April 2025     RMB0.215 bil ion        Joint and                                         24 April 2025              No              No
                                                                                                                    several liability                                      – 8 May 2026
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              7 May 2025  5.15 bil ion yen            Joint and                                           7 May 2025               No              No
                                                                                              (equivalent to        several liability                                     – 31 July 2025
                                                                                            RMB0.255 bil ion)          guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                             4 June 2025 5.15 bil ion yen             Joint and                                          4 June 2025               No              No
                                                                                              (equivalent to        several liability                                     – 31 July 2025
                                                                                            RMB0.255 bil ion)          guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                            24 June 2025 RMB0.071 bil ion             Joint and                                         24 June 2025               No              No
                                                                                                                    several liability                                       – 6 July 2026
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN INTERNATIONAL                                            2 July 2024      RMB0.35 bil ion        Joint and                                           2 July 2024              No              No
                   (U.S.A.), INC.                                                                                   several liability                                      – 2 July 2029
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                            30 April 2024                 N/A          General                                                   N/A               No              No
                                                                                                                       guarantee
                 SANDEN CORPORATION                                              1 July 2024                 N/A          General                                                   N/A               No              No
                                                                                                                       guarantee




26
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

      2.    Major Guarantees — Continued

                                                                                                 Guarantee status of the Company for its subsidiaries
                                            Disclosure date                                                                                                   Counter-
                                            of announcements                                                  Actual                                         guarantee                                             Whether
            Name of the                     related to                                    Actual          guaranteed        Guarantee           Collateral       status     Guarantee      Whether fully      related party
            guaranteed party                guarantee limits     Guarantee limits occurrence date            amount              type             (if any)     (if any)        period       performed            guarantee

            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                     26 August 2024                N/A           General                                             N/A               No                 No
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                    26 November 2024               N/A           General                                             N/A               No                 No
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            SANDEN CORPORATION                                                    15 January 2025                N/A           General                                             N/A               No                 No
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            Guangdong Hisense                                                        27 April 2025      RMB0.7 bil ion        Joint and                                   27 April 2025              No                 No
             Refrigerator Marketing Co.                                                                                  several liability                                – 9 April 2026
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                                  27 April 2025      RMB0.4 bil ion        Joint and                                   27 April 2025              No                 No
              Conditioning Co.                                                                                           several liability                                – 9 April 2026
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            Hisense Air-Conditioning Co.,                                            27 April 2025      RMB0.2 bil ion        Joint and                                   27 April 2025              No                 No
              Ltd.                                                                                                       several liability                                – 9 April 2026
                                                                                                                            guarantee
            Qingdao Hisense Hitachi                                                  27 April 2025      RMB0.1 bil ion        Joint and                                   27 April 2025              No                 No
              Air-Conditioner Marketing                                                                                  several liability                                – 9 April 2026
              Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     guarantee
            Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-                                                  27 April 2025      RMB0.1 bil ion        Joint and                                   27 April 2025              No                 No
              Conditioner Co., Ltd.                                                                                      several liability                                – 9 April 2026
                                                                                                                            guarantee

            Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries approved                     RMB8.38 billion Total actual amount incurred for                                                                        RMB5.921 billion
              during the reporting period (B1)                                                       guarantees to subsidiaries during
                                                                                                     the reporting period (B2)
            Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries approved                     RMB8.38 billion Total actual guarantee balances                                                                         RMB3.827 billion
              at the end of the reporting period (B3)                                                to subsidiaries at the end of the
                                                                                                     reporting period (B4)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              27
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE — Continued

           2.    Major Guarantees — Continued

                                                                                                            Subsidiary-to-subsidiary guarantees
                                            Disclosure date of                                                                                                       Counter-
                                            announcements                                     Actual             Actual                                             guarantee                                                        Whether
                 Name of the                related to                 Guarantee          occurrence         guaranteed        Guarantee           Collateral           status             Guarantee         Whether fully      related party
                 guaranteed party           guarantee limits                limits              date            amount              type             (if any)         (if any)                period          performed            guarantee

                 Hisense (Guangdong) 30 November 2022 RMB12.2 million 30 November 2022                              RMB0        Joint and                                          30 November 2022                   Yes                 No
                   Kitchen & Bath Systems                                                                                          several                                              – 20 May 2025
                   Co.                                                                                                             liability
                                                                                                                               guarantee
                 Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries                                          0 Total actual amount incurred                                                                                                         0
                   approved during the reporting period (C1)                                              for guarantees to subsidiaries
                                                                                                          during the reporting period (C2)
                 Total quota of guarantees to subsidiaries                            RMB12.2 million Total actual guarantee balances                                                                                                      0
                   approved at the end of the reporting period                                            to subsidiaries at the end of the
                   (C3)                                                                                   reporting period (C4)
                 Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
                 Total quota of guarantee approved during the                         RMB8.38 billion Total actual amount of guarantees                                                                                      RMB5.921 billion
                   reporting period (A1+B1+C1)                                                            incurred during the reporting
                                                                                                          period (A2+B2+C2)
                 Total amount of approved guarantees at the                          RMB8.392 billion Total actual guarantee balance                                                                                         RMB3.827 billion
                   end of the reporting period (A3+B3+C3)                                                 at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                          period (A4+B4+C4)
                 Total actual guarantees (i.e. A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net                                                                                                                                         23.90%
                   assets
                 Among them:
                 Balance of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                                            0
                 The balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio exceeding 70% (E)                                                                             RMB3.827 billion
                 Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)                                                                                                                                              N/A
                 Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                                           RMB3.827 billion
                 For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint and several liability with evidence during the reporting period (if any)                            None
                 Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                                           None

           3.    Particulars of Entrusted Wealth Management

                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB ten thousand

                                                                            Source of                            Subscription                            Amount                                                       Impairment
                                                                            funding for                             amount of                           of undue                            Overdue                    amount of
                                                                            entrusted wealth                 entrusted wealth                      principal and                            balance               overdue wealth
                 Product type                                               management                          management                                 return                             return                management

                 Wealth management products of Own funds                                                             2,008,521.79                     2,008,521.79                                  0.00                              0.00
                   banks
                 Total                                                                                              2,008,521.79                     2,008,521.79                                  0.00                               0.00

                 During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any high-risk entrusted wealth management with significant
                 individual amounts or low safety and liquidity, and the Company was not aware of any circumstances indicating the
                 possibility that the principal of the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances
                 that might lead to impairment of the entrusted wealth management.




28
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS

       (I)   Technical Advantages

             The Company remains steadfast in its “technology-driven enterprise” philosophy, continuously advancing innovation
             under its smart life strategy with a focus on intelligence, health, and energy efficiency. The Company boasts more
             than 20 provincial-level and above scientific and technological innovation platforms, including national-level
             enterprise technology centers, postdoctoral research workstations and national-level industrial design centers. The
             Company continuously promoted the transformation of IPD process and the building of the Hisense Value Thinking
             Model, and achieved major breakthroughs in multiple directions such as low-carbon energy-saving, two-way fresh air,
             AI freshness, zoned washing and drying, tank energy storage, and thick-film heating, with comprehensive low-carbon,
             intelligent and healthy technology systems being established, leading the industry in technological innovation and
             product upgrades.

             1.     HVAC Business

                    (1)    In terms of central air-conditioner, the technologies such as the first four-pipe multi-connected units
                           efficient heat recovery system, multi-connected units, multi-temperature difference, dual-control
                           of temperature & humidity with dynamic pressure optimization technology, multi-system dynamic
                           coordination-based high-efficiency multi-split cascade control technology, frost thickness prediction
                           and mode recognition-based uninterrupted defrosting technology for terminal units developed by the
                           Company have been appraised as reaching the international leading level through the appraisal of
                           scientific and technological achievements by the China National Light Industry Council. The invention
                           of triple-stage humidity control technology that combines total heat recovery, evaporative cooling-
                           assisted dehumidification and module-based adsorption and the development of the temperature
                           and humidity independent control system based on the coordinated operation of high-efficiency fresh
                           air dehumidifiers and high-sensible-capacity multi-connected units realize energy-efficient operation
                           of the fresh air and multi-connected systems and the relevant technologies have been appraised
                           as reaching the international leading level through the appraisal of scientific and technological
                           achievements by the Chinese Association of Refrigeration (CAR). The breakthrough achievements
                           include key core technologies such as high-efficiency, large-pressure-ratio aerodynamic design for
                           centrifugal compressors, multi-layer anti-surge protection, and precise refrigerant level control in
                           chillers have led to the development of a dual-stage, Class-1 energy efficiency magnetic levitation oil-
                           free centrifugal compressor and water-cooled chiller product platform. These advanced solutions are
                           widely applicable in business scenarios, such as industrial and commercial central air-conditioning
                           energy-saving retrofits and data center cooling applications, delivering higher efficiency, more
                           reliable, and greener, low-carbon solutions for customers.

                    (2)    In terms of household air-conditioner, the Company has innovatively developed key technologies for
                           intelligent, collaborative control over air – conditioner energy efficiency and comfort, achieving precise
                           0.1℃ temperature control and comprehensive operational energy savings of 16.8%, and enhancing
                           user comfort. These technologies were evaluated by the Chinese Association of Refrigeration as
                           reaching internationally leading levels. In terms of core technological advancements, the Company
                           pioneered bidirectional fresh air exchange technology, which increases fresh air exchange efficiency
                           by 21%, developed China’s first Halbach array magnetic levitation external rotor motor with a noise
                           reduction – dynamic rpm compensation algorithm (boosting efficiency by up to 15% across the entire
                           speed range while reducing noise to 13.5 dB(A)), and invented a biomimetic water – ion electrode
                           with ‘Carbon Fiber + Hydrogel + MOFs’ composition and Hi – nano Pro purification technology
                           (releasing trillions of water ions per second for a >99.99% bacteria removal rate). Research into the
                           zoned temperature control algorithm has enabled reliable operation in extreme conditions across
                           an ultra – wide temperature range from –36℃ to 66℃. Additionally, the Company spearheaded the
                           first industry standard for fresh air conditioners in China, setting a new benchmark for the sector and
                           advancing healthy, comfortable living environments while driving growth in the energy – saving and
                           carbon – reduction industry.




                                                                                                                                        29
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS — Continued

            (I)   Technical Advantages — Continued

                  2.    Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business

                        (1)    In terms of refrigerator, anchoring on user needs, the Company focuses on core domains including
                               food preservation, energy efficiency enhancement, smart applications, and rapid ice-making to build
                               technological advantages. Ronshen continues to upgrade its “WILL Fresh-Keeping” system, leveraging
                               multi-frequency pulsed light spectra and AI-powered seasonal freshness preservation to enhance
                               the nutritional value of fruits and vegetables, while Hisense emphasizes developing and promoting its
                               “Vacuum Magnetic Preservation” technology matrix. The development of compound throttling and
                               split-flow condensation technologies contributes to a 20% improvement in energy efficiency, meeting
                               Australia’s highest 9-star international standard; its AI energy-saving algorithm further elevates product
                               efficiency, enabling up to 15% operational energy savings. The self-developed direct-cooling ice-
                               making module debuted in flagship Australian models, achieving industry-leading ice production
                               speed of 4.3kg/24h. The Company globally launched the first dual-axis hinge system, enabling
                               a 45mm ultra-slim door to open at 115º. The Company has taken the lead in formulating industry
                               standards and building patent barriers, with its technical level leading the world.

                        (2)    In terms of washing machine, the Company has centered on user needs, continuously making
                               breakthroughs in product form innovation and key core technology R&D. The newly launched “Cotton
                               Candy Family Drum” series of zoned washing and care products have consolidated its position in the
                               industry of classified washing. This series not only boasts an industry-leading washing ratio of 1.33, but
                               also achieves a significant leap in drying performance through innovative technologies such as heat
                               pump low-temperature gentle drying and fresh air condensation. In terms of key technology research,
                               three core technologies – “Healthy, Energy-saving and High-efficiency Drying and Care Technology
                               for Washer-dryers”, “Water Quality Activation Washing and Care Technology for Washing Machines”,
                               and “Multi-field Coupling Energy-saving and Intelligent Sensing Technology for Heat Pump Dryers” –
                               have all been appraised as “internationally leading”. Overseas products continue to lead in energy
                               efficiency, with the energy efficiency of drum washing machines exceeding the European standard of
                               A-65%. New breakthroughs have been made in healthy washing and care, with a lint removal rate as
                               high as 92.9% and excellent deep cleaning effect, accurately addressing the pain points of families
                               with pets. In respect of green and environmental protection design, the Company has collaborated
                               with authoritative institutions such as SGS and TUV Rheinland to promote carbon footprint research
                               and accounting, and deepen product carbon reduction design. For dryer components, more than
                               30% of environmentally friendly recycled materials (PCR) have been applied as substitutes.

                        (3)    In terms of kitchen appliances, the dishwasher has made breakthroughs by adopting technologies
                               such as residual water-free, UVC full waterway sterilization, dual-air-duct condensation and intelligent
                               humidity control, enabling unlimited-duration utensil storage. The Company’s dual inverter technology
                               operates at an ultra-low 38dB(A) noise level, while hydroxyl sterilization technology effectively
                               removes pesticide residues from fruits and vegetables, significantly enhancing user experience. The
                               tank energy storage technology jointly developed with Gorenje, a European company, achieves
                               A-20% in the European energy efficiency standard, leading the industry. For range hoods, the newly
                               engineered ultra-slim 7-shaped platform delivers 1,450Pa static pressure for high-heat stir-frying
                               with airflow exceeding 31m³/min, while maintaining ultra-quiet operation at 45dB(A) to reach the
                               industry-leading level. The one-key stir-frying technology achieves instant 5.7kW power, with forced-air
                               combustion technology improving energy efficiency by approximately 10%, achieving top-tier industry
                               performance.




30
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

VII.   CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS — Continued

       (I)    Technical Advantages — Continued

              3.     Automobile Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management Business

                     Focusing on its transformation into an integrated thermal management system provider for new energy
                     vehicles, the Company addresses electrification and carbon neutrality demands through technological
                     breakthroughs with prominent core innovations. In thermal system advancements, it has completed the
                     development of the next-generation ITMS refrigerant integration unit (CRU), achieving high-efficiency
                     integration of core components including compressors, refrigerant valves and heat exchangers. This
                     breakthrough enables simultaneous refrigeration and ultra-low-temperature heat pump heating, boosting
                     winter range by 25% while reducing weight by 15% compared to first-generation products. The solution
                     precisely addresses customer priorities for platform-based development, mitigation of range degradation,
                     and cost optimization.

                     In terms of core components, the fifth-generation electric compressor platform adopts a modular architecture
                     featuring co-designed scroll compression mechanisms, motors, and inverter systems. This realizes multiple
                     compatibility of R1234yf, CO2 and R290 refrigerants, while enhancing performance, quietness, and modularity
                     and delivering dual breakthroughs in high energy efficiency and low noise. Concurrently developed ultra-
                     high-voltage heating and next-generation thick-film heating technologies address battery and cabin heating
                     demands in ultra-low-temperature conditions. These innovations strike a precise balance between rapid
                     heating and noise control, achieving breakthroughs in compact design, light weighting, and cost efficiency.
                     Air handling unit technology advances across multiple dimensions. In terms of the mute design of the fan
                     system, the aerodynamic parameters of the impeller blade shape are optimized through aerodynamic
                     simulation to reduce aerodynamic noise from the source, which has been applied in many domestic and
                     foreign customer projects. In terms of energy-saving technology, the double-layer flow technology adapts
                     to various layout requirements with dual-path air circulation, and at the same time, the energy efficiency is
                     improved by 15% through the collaboration of moisture and heat separation technology and double-layer
                     flow technology.

       (II)   Brand Matrix

              The Company’s products cover eight brands, i.e., “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”, “HITACHI”, “YORK”, “gorenje”,
              “ASKO” and “SANDEN”, with a good brand reputation and market basis. With the help of the product range covered
              by different brands and their product characteristics, the Company can meet the differentiated demands of various
              users.

              Along with the continuous advancement of Hisense’s internationalization strategy and ongoing intensification of
              sports marketing efforts, the overseas popularity and influence of the brand have been constantly improved. Hisense
              continued to sponsor the global top sports events such as Euro 2016, World Cup 2018, Euro 2020, World Cup 2022
              and Euro 2024. In 2025, Hisense joined hands with FIFA to co-host an all-new FIFA Club World Cup. This marks the
              third collaboration between Hisense and FIFA following its successful sponsorship of the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
              and 2022 FIFA World Cup Qatar. By continuously engaging in top international sports events, Hisense is enhancing its
              brand influence in the global market.

              Years of sustained sports marketing have significantly accelerated Hisense’s global brand expansion. According to
              Ipsos, Hisense’s global brand awareness surged to 56% following the Germany-hosted European Cup. Additionally,
              the brand has maintained its position in the Top 10 of BrandZ Top 50 2025 Chinese Global Brand Builders (co-published
              by Google and Kantar) for nine consecutive years.




                                                                                                                                      31
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     VII.    CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS — Continued

             (III)   Corporate Culture

                     Corporate culture is the core of the Company’s firm confidence and stable navigation ability, the driving force for
                     countless Hisense employees to work hard on their endeavors, and the ultimate answer for the Company in the face
                     of difficulties and chaos.

                     In order to promote the in-depth realization of the core values of “honesty, integrity, pragmatism, innovation, customer
                     first and sustainable operation” by all employees, Hisense formally released the Hisense Value Thinking Model in 2025
                     to attract, support and help all cadres and employees to think out of the box in order to create and mobilize the
                     mighty power to achieve leapfrog development.

                     In terms of the implementation of values, Hisense has released 22 leadership principles to effectively enhance the
                     strategic execution and organizational leadership of its cadres; the White Paper on Hisense Group’s Customer
                     Operations was published to strategically ensure that all the Company’s work is closely centered around user
                     needs. The management models of “three no’s in meetings”, “three cuts in communication” and “three platforms
                     for innovation” are implemented, and efforts were made to establish a minimalist work style centered on users,
                     oriented toward value creation and aimed at solving problems. Hisense has always adhered to the long-term
                     development strategy of “technology-based enterprise” and clearly restructured the strategic foundation of
                     “technology-based enterprise” in three directions – from value anchor and innovation paradigm to engine of
                     power – to maintain leadership and differentiation in products and technology, and inject strong impetus into the
                     high-quality development of various industries. The Company will continue to promote an engineering culture,
                     encourage ongoing innovation and optimization, enable technological innovation to penetrate the entire
                     development process of the Company, and improve Hisense’s technological innovation capability to a high level
                     while ensuring its high quality.

                     In the future, the Company will intensify cultural empowerment of Hisense staff, accelerating mindset refresh and
                     organizational transformation. This will embed each core value into the mindset, behavior and principle of Hisense
                     staff, driving employee growth, strategic and operating objectives. These efforts not only provide concept for tackling
                     challenges, but also continuously fuel the Company’s mission to become a world-class enterprise with global
                     premium brands.

     VIII.   THE RISKS FACED BY THE GROUP AND OUTLOOK

             Risks faced by the Group include:

             1.      Macroeconomic fluctuation risk. There are increasing uncertainties in the global macroeconomy. If economic
                     growth continues to slow down, it may lead to insufficient consumption momentum, which could, in turn, affect the
                     consumer demand for home appliances.

             2.      Rising cost risk. Any fluctuation in the prices of raw materials will impact the cost of the Company’s products. Any
                     increase in the costs of labor and labor costs, shipping costs, installation and maintenance services may result in the
                     overlapping of costs in multiple segments, which could put pressure on the profitability of the Company.

             3.      Exchange rate risk. If the exchange rate of RMB fluctuates significantly, it may trigger an inverse linkage between
                     selling prices and costs in overseas markets, which would directly affect the cost competitiveness of the Company’s
                     overseas products and lead to a narrowing of the profit margin of the overseas business.

             4.      Market risk due to trade protectionism and trade barriers. If some countries and regions, in order to protect
                     their own economic interests, intensify trade barriers through means such as increasing tariffs and imposing
                     mandatory certifications, this could drive up compliance costs, make market access difficult, and weaken the price
                     competitiveness and channel penetration efficiency of enterprises in overseas markets.

             To address multiple operational challenges and risks, the Company is accelerating the transformation of its high-end product
             portfolio and deepening its development in emerging markets to enhance its resilience to economic cycles. Through
             measures such as strategic raw material reserves, smart manufacturing upgrades, and global supply chain adjustments,
             the Company has effectively mitigated the pressure from rising costs. Additionally, it is utilising foreign exchange financial
             instruments to stabilise overseas revenues and hedge against currency fluctuation risks. The Company will continue to
             strengthen its technology-driven capabilities and global resource allocation capabilities, adhere to a long-term perspective,
             and maintain stable and healthy sustainable development in a complex environment.




32
OTHER INFORMATION

MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

1.   Connected transactions in relation to ordinary business occurred

                                                                                                     Connected      Percentage of
                                                                                                     transaction     total amount
                                                         Particulars of          Pricing principle       amount          of similar     Approved
                                 Type of connected       connected               of connected           (RMB ten      transactions    transaction
     Connected party             transaction             transaction             transaction          thousand)                (%)        amount

     Hisense Group Holdings      Purchase                Finished goods          Agreed price          19,664.45              0.51     692,000.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Hisense Group Holdings      Purchase                Materials               Agreed price         107,557.37              2.78
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Hisense Group Holdings      Receipt of services     Receipt of services     Agreed price         111,975.81              2.89
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Hisense Group Holdings      Sale                    Finished goods          Agreed price        1,722,126.10            34.90    4,033,000.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Hisense Group Holdings      Sale                    Materials               Agreed price          63,512.20              1.29
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Hisense Group Holdings      Sale                    Moulds                  Market price           2,546.07              0.05
     Hisense Group Holdings      Provision of services   Provision of services   Agreed price           4,163.84              0.08
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Johnson Hitachi             Purchase                Products                Agreed price           8,292.70              0.21     186,258.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     HASCO Sanden                Purchase                Products                Agreed price           5,473.41              0.14      30,000.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     Johnson Hitachi             Sale                    Products                Agreed price           5,967.24              0.12      60,711.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price
     HASCO Sanden                Sale                    Products                Agreed price          32,457.77              0.66     340,000.00
                                                                                 by reference to
                                                                                 market price

     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had the balance of deposit of approximately RMB11.929 billion,
     recognised interest income of approximately RMB0.139 billion, the actual balance of loan of RMB1.113 billion with loan
     interest recognised of RMB14.5917 million, the balance of electronic finance company acceptance bill of approximately
     RMB1.143 billion, and the handling fee for opening accounts for electronic finance company acceptance bill of
     approximately RMB0.5761 million. The actual amount of discounted interest for the provision of draft discount services of
     approximately RMB0.00 million, the actual amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange
     services was approximately US$4.8912 million and the actual service fee paid for the provision of agency services such as
     settlement services for receipt and payment of funds was approximately RMB0.4384 million.

2.   Connected transactions in acquisition and sale of assets or equity rights

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not engage in any related-party transactions involving the acquisition or
     disposal of assets or equity interests.




                                                                                                                                                     33
     OTHER INFORMATION

     MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

     3.   Connected transactions in relation to joint external investment

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not engage in any related-party transactions involving joint external
          investments.

     4.   Connected creditor’s rights and liabilities

          The Company’s connected creditor’s rights and liabilities are mainly related to the sales of goods, purchases of goods,
          provision of services, acceptance of services and other business transactions. During the Reporting Period, the Company did
          not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and liabilities.

     5.   Transactions with related financial companies and financial companies controlled by the Company

          Deposit services

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                                                                       Amount incurred
                                                                                                                       during the period
                                                                                                                Total amount Total amount
                                                               Maximum                                             deposited        taken out
                                                             daily deposit         Deposit          Opening        during the      during the         Closing
          Related parties       Relationships                         limit     rate range          balance            period          period        balance

          Hisense Finance       Subsidiary of an indirect     2,700,000.00       0.2%-2.80%   1,209,990.03      10,890,325.29   10,873,224.26     1,192,889.00
                                  controlling shareholder

          Loan services

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

                                                                                                                      Amount incurred
                                                                                                                      during the period
                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                Maximum                                            Total loan     repayment
                                                                daily loan       Loan rate          Opening       amount for      amount for          Closing
          Related parties       Relationships                          limit        range           balance       the period       the period        balance

          Hisense Finance       Subsidiary of an indirect       500,000.00      3.00%-5.57%         47,500.00       63,806.18               -       111,306.18
                                  controlling shareholder

          Credit granting or other financial services

                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB (in ten thousand)

          Related parties               Relationships                             Business type                        Total amount             Actual amount

          Hisense Finance               Subsidiary of an indirect controlling     Credit granting                        993,000.00                 178,099.83
                                          shareholder

     6.   Transactions between the Company’s controlling financial company and related parties

          There are no deposits, loans, credits or other financial operations between the Company’s controlling finance company and
          related parties.




34
OTHER INFORMATION

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Net cash generated from operating activities of the Group was approximately RMB5,322 million for the six months ended 30 June
2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB2,100 million).

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee balances) amounting
to approximately RMB5,157 million (as at 30 June 2024: RMB5,219 million), of which more than RMB4,129 million are denominated in
Renminbi (as at 30 June 2024: RMB4,735 million), and loans amounting to RMB4,458 million (as at 30 June 2024: RMB3,135 million).

Total capital expenditures of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to approximately RMB719 million (for the
six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB540 million).

Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note XVI (I) to the financial statements.

TRUST DEPOSITS

As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of the Group’s deposits
have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong Kong.

EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

Since part of the purchase and overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were denominated in foreign currency,
the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has used financial instruments such as import/export
documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging purposes.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The twelfth session of the audit committee of the Company has reviewed, with no disagreement, with the management the
accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, and discussed auditing, internal control, risk management system and
financial reporting matters, including the unaudited interim results of the Group for the Reporting Period.

GEARING RATIO

As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: total liabilities divided by total assets) was
73.91% (as at 30 June 2024: 73.12%).

HUMAN RESOURCES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 30 June 2025, the Group had approximately 36,546 employees, mainly comprising 9,394 technical staff, 8,211 sales
representatives, 512 financial staff, 711 administrative staff and 17,718 production staff. The Group had 87 employees with a
doctorate degree, 2,468 with a master’s degree and 33,991 with a bachelor’s degree or below. For the six months ended 30 June
2025, the Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB4,965 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB4,893 million).

The Company adopts a position-based remuneration policy for its staff. Staff remuneration is determined with reference to the
relative importance of and responsibility assumed by the position of the staff and other performance indicators.

CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land held for own use),
investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2024: no major) which were pledged as security for the Group’s
borrowings.




                                                                                                                                        35
     OTHER INFORMATION

     SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

     As at 30 June 2025, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:

                                                                                                                                            Percentage to
                                                                                                                           Number          the total issued
     Class of shares                                                                                                      of shares          share capital

     A Shares                                                                                                      926,026,997                      66.83%
     H Shares                                                                                                      459,589,808                      33.17%


     Total                                                                                                      1,385,616,805                     100.00%


     TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

     As at 30 June 2025, there were 41,209 shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) in total, of which the top ten Shareholders
     were as follows:

                                                                                                                              Percentage to        Number of
                                                                                                        Percentage to            the relevant     shares held
                                                                                                       the total issued       class of issued      subject to
                                                                                          Number of      shares of the              shares of         trading
     Name of Shareholder                              Nature of Shareholder              shares held         Company           the Company        moratorium

     Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning                   Domestic non-state-owned legal   516,758,670            37.29%                55.80%               0
        Company Limited                                   person
     HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 1                      Foreign legal person             458,944,527            33.12%                99.86%               0
     The Hong Kong Securities Clearing                  Foreign legal person              28,219,082             2.04%                 3.05%               0
        Company Limited (“HKSCC”) Note 2
     Qingdao Hisense Communications                     Domestic non-state-owned legal    13,860,028             1.00%                 1.50%               0
        Company Limited                                 person
     Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. –          Other                             13,180,050             0.95%                 1.42%               0
        the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership
        Plan*(海信家電集團股份有限公司－
        2024年A股員工持股計劃)
     National Social Security Fund 101 Portfolio*       Other                             11,900,632             0.86%                 1.29%               0
        (全國社保基金一零一組合)
     Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd - China        Other                              6,830,833             0.49%                 0.74%               0
        Securities 500 Traded Open-End Index Securities
        Investment Fund *(中國農業銀行股份有限公司－
        中證500交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)
     National Social Security Fund 103 Portfolio*       Other                              6,000,000             0.43%                 0.65%               0
        (全國社保基金一零三組合)
     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China-           Other                              4,613,559             0.33%                 0.50%               0
        Southern Performance Growth Equity Securities
        Investment Fund*(中國工商銀行－南方績優成長
        股票型證券投資基金)
     Basic Pension Insurance Fund Portfolio 1204*       Other                              4,596,100             0.33%                 0.50%               0
        (基本養老保險基金一二零四組合)




36
OTHER INFORMATION

SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                                          tradable
Name of Shareholders                                                                                    shares held         Class of shares

Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning Company Limited                                                        516,758,670         RMB ordinary shares
HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                                                  458,944,527         Overseas listed
                                                                                                                             foreign shares
HKSCC                                                                                                    28,219,082         RMB ordinary shares
Qingdao Hisense Communications Company Limited                                                           13,860,028         RMB ordinary shares
Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. –                                                                13,180,050         RMB ordinary shares
   the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan*
   (海信家電集團股份有限公司－2024年A股員工持股計劃)
National Social Security Fund 101 Portfolio*(全國社保基金一零一組合)                                                11,900,632         RMB ordinary shares
Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd - China Securities 500 Traded Open-End Index                          6,830,833         RMB ordinary shares
  Securities Investment Fund *(中國農業銀行股份有限公司－中證500交易型開放式指數證券
   投資基金)
National Social Security Fund 103 Portfolio*(全國社保基金一零三組合)                                                  6,000,000        RMB ordinary shares



Industrial and Commercial Bank of China-Southern Performance Growth Equity                                 4,613,559        RMB ordinary shares
  Securities Investment Fund*(中國工商銀行－南方績優成長股票型證券投資基金)
Basic Pension Insurance Fund Portfolio 1204* (基本養老保險基金一二零四組合)                                              4,596,100        RMB ordinary shares

Notes:


1.       HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominee holder of the shares held by non-registered H shareholders of the Company. The shares held by
         HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, including Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a
         party acting in concert with the controlling shareholder of the Company, which held a total number of 124,452,000 H Shares as of the end of
         the Reporting Period representing 8.98% of the total number of the shares of the Company.


2.       HKSCC is the nominee holder of the shares held by non-registered A shareholders of the Company through Shenzhen-Hong Kong and
         Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. The shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participants.


Among the above-mentioned shareholders, Qingdao Hisense Air Conditioning Company Limited, Qingdao Hisense Communications
Company Limited and Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited are related parties to each other. They have not related-party
relationship with other shareholders and are not acting in concert as stipulated in the Measures for the Administration of Takeovers
of Listed Companies (《上市公司收購管理辦法》). Except for the aforesaid, the Company is not aware of any shareholders having a
related-party relationship with each other, or any of them being an acting in concert party with another within the meaning of the
Measures for the Administration of Takeovers of Listed Companies.

Change in controlling shareholder or de facto controller

There was no change in the controlling shareholder and de facto controller of the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                       37
     OTHER INFORMATION

     OTHER IMPORTANT MATTERS

     (I)      During the Reporting Period, there was no undertaking made by parties involved in undertakings including the Company’s
              beneficial controllers, shareholders, related parties, bidders and the Company during the Reporting Period or prior periods
              but subsisting to the end of the Reporting Period.

     (II)     There was no non-operational appropriation of funds from controlling shareholders and other related parties to the Company
              during the Reporting Period.

     (III)    There were no breaches of the Company’s external guarantees during the Reporting Period.

     (IV)     The interim report of the Company has not been audited.

     (V)      Explanation by the Board and the Supervisory Committee on the “Non-Standard Audit Report” of the CPA firm for the
              Reporting Period

              □Applicable     √ Not applicable

     (VI)     Explanation by the Board on the “Non-Standard Audit Report” of previous year

              □Applicable     √ Not applicable

     (VII)    There were no insolvency-related restructuring events during the Reporting Period.

     (VIII)   There was no progress of material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period.

     (IX)     There were no penalties or corrective actions taken by the Company during the Reporting Period.

     (X)      Integrity of the Company, its controlling shareholders and de facto controllers

              □Applicable     √ Not applicable

     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES

     So far as is known to the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 30 June 2025, the following persons
     (other than the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or short positions in the shares or
     underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
     Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”), or which were recorded in
     the register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange:




38
OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES — Continued

Long position or short position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                                       Percentage of        Percentage of
                                                                                                  Number of       the total number of       the respective
Name of Shareholder                   Capacity                               Type of shares      shares held           shares in issue      type of shares

Hisense Air-conditioning              Beneficial owner A shares                   A Shares       516,758,670(L)               37.29%               55.80%
Hisense Communications                Beneficial owner A shares                   A Shares        13,860,028(L)                1.00%                1.50%
Hisense Group Holdings                Controlled corporate interests              A Shares       530,618,698(L)               38.29%               57.30%
Hisense Hong Kong                     Beneficial owner A shares                   H Shares       124,452,000(L)                8.98%               27.08%
Hisense Group Holdings                Controlled corporate interests              H Shares       124,452,000(L)                8.98%               27.08%

The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position, and the letter “P” denotes shares available for lending.

Note:    Hisense Air Conditioning is a company directly owned by Hisense Group Holdings with a 93.33% stake; Hisense Communications and Hisense
         (Hong Kong) are companies directly owned by Hisense Group Holdings with a 100% stake. Pursuant to the SFO, Hisense Group Holdings was
         deemed to be interested in the same batch of A shares in Hisense Air Conditioning and Hisense Communications and in the same batch of H
         shares in Hisense (Hong Kong).


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, in so far as the Directors, supervisors and chief executives of the Company are aware,
there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which
were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.

INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 30 June 2025, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board, supervisors and the chief executives of the
Company held any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the register required to be maintained by the
Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code.

Long position in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                        Approximately                    Approximately
                                                                                                            represents                        represents
                                                                                                        the proportion                   the proportion
                                                                                                              of issued                   of total issued
Name of Director                 Nature of interest                        Number of shares                   A-shares                     share capital

Mr. Jia Shao Qian                Beneficial owner                                      404,360                        0.04%                        0.03%

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities transaction by the Directors and the Supervisors of the
Company. After having made specific enquiries to the Directors and the Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors have confirmed
that they had acted in full compliance with the Model Code during their term of office throughout the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                             39
     OTHER INFORMATION

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES

     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities during the
     Reporting Period.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the code
     provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     INTERIM DIVIDENDS

     The declaration and payment of a final dividend of RMB12.30 per 10 shares (inclusive of tax) was approved at the annual general
     meeting of the Company held on 25 June 2025 for the year ended 31 December 2024. The final dividend of approximately RMB1.7
     billion in total had been paid to the Shareholders of the Company as of the date of this report.

     The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the Reporting Period. No interim dividend was paid for the
     corresponding period last year.

     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

                                                 Method of
     Name                  Position              appointment             Appointment Date Reasons for change

     Liu Zhen Shun         Supervisor            Resignation                   25 June 2025 No longer serve as a supervisor due to
                                                                                            the abolition of the board of supervisors
                                                                                            in the Articles of Association
     Sun Jia Hui           Supervisor            Resignation                   25 June 2025 No longer serve as a supervisor due to
                                                                                            the abolition of the board of supervisors
                                                                                            in the Articles of Association
     Bao Yi                Employee              Resignation                   25 June 2025 No longer serve as an employee
                           representative                                                   representative supervisor due to the
                           Supervisor                                                       abolition of the board of supervisors in
                                                                                            the Articles of Association

     Save as disclosed above, there were no substantial changes to the information of the directors, supervisors and senior management
     of the Company required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) and Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

     During the Reporting Period, amendments have been made to the Articles of Association of the Company pursuant to the special
     resolution passed at the 2024 annual general meeting held on 25 June 2025. For details of the amendments to the Articles of
     Association, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 30 May 2025. The full text of the amended Articles of Association
     can be downloaded on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of the Company
     (http://hxjd.hisense.cn).




40
DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the following meanings:

“Articles of Association” or “Articles”    the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time

“Company”                                  Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd., a joint stock limited company incorporated
                                           in the PRC with limited liability, whose shares are listed on the main board of the Hong
                                           Kong Stock Exchange and the main board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange

“Director(s)”                              the directors of the Company

“Hisense Air-Conditioning”                 Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited* (青島海信空調有限公司), a
                                           company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly controlled by
                                           Hisense Group Holdings, and holds approximately 37.29% of the issued shares of the
                                           Company as at the date of this report

“Hisense Communications”                   Qingdao Hisense Communications Company Limited* (青島海信通信有限公司), a
                                           company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly controlled by
                                           Hisense Group, and holds approximately 1.00% of the issued shares of the Company as
                                           at the date of this report

“Hisense Finance”                          Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.* (海信集團財務有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC
                                           with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group

“Hisense Group Holdings”                   Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.* (海信集團控股股份有限公司), a company incorporated
                                           in the PRC with limited liability

“Hisense Hitachi”                          Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. (青島海信日立空調系統有限
                                           公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of the
                                           Company

“Hisense Hong Kong”                        Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong Kong with
                                           limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, and holds approximately 8.98% of
                                           the issued shares of the Company as at the date of this report

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“HASCO Sanden”                             Sanden HASCO Automotive Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.

“Intelligent Electronic”                   Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd* (青島海信智能電子科技有
                                           限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a wholly owned
                                           subsidiary of Hisense Visual

“Johnson Hitachi”                          Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.

“RMB”                                      Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Sanden company”                           Sanden Holdings Corporation

“Supervisors”                              the supervisors of the Company


* For identification purposes only


This report is published in both English and Chinese. If there is any inconsistency between the English and the Chinese
versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.




                                                                                                                                      41
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     I.    AUDITOR’S REPORT

           Whether the interim report has already been audited or not

           □ Yes √ No

           The interim financial statements of the Company are unaudited.

     II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB




42
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

       Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

                                                              30 June 2025

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB
Item                                                                  Note    Closing balance     Opening balance

Current assets:
Cash at bank and on hand                                               V.1    5,157,253,114.76     4,397,693,443.73
Balances with clearing companies
Lending capital
Transactional financial assets                                         V.2   20,273,703,348.81    16,209,276,762.85
Derivative financial assets
Notes receivable                                                       V.3      278,975,395.97       459,013,499.65
Accounts receivable                                                    V.4   12,467,487,459.89    10,480,609,898.16
Receivables Financing                                                  V.6    5,801,365,693.05     6,000,519,893.99
Prepayment                                                             V.8      426,214,894.35       524,090,978.17
Insurance premium receivable
Receivables from reinsurers
Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
Other receivables                                                      V.7      238,875,388.39       242,816,255.92
   Including: Interest receivable
              Dividends receivable
Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
Inventories                                                            V.9    6,258,888,422.70     7,566,932,954.39
Of which: data resources
Contract assets                                                        V.5       80,847,519.43        56,210,047.88
Assets held for sale
Non-current assets due within one year                                V.10     5,674,583,611.10     4,883,695,277.78
Other current assets                                                  V.11     1,147,251,897.45     1,687,051,443.98
Total current assets                                                         57,805,446,745.90    52,507,910,456.50




                                                                                                                       43
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                          Unit: RMB
     Item                                              Note    Closing balance     Opening balance

     Non-current assets:
     Disbursement of loans and advances
     Investments in debt
     Other investments in debt
     Long-term receivables
     Long-term equity investments                      V.12    2,050,827,531.07     1,764,936,952.09
     Other equity investment                           V.13       43,926,213.56        42,364,813.88
     Other non-current financial assets                V.14       20,877,222.66        21,332,417.54
     Investment properties                             V.15      254,764,895.89       253,998,555.64
     Fixed assets                                      V.16    5,827,242,669.53     5,648,643,079.56
     Construction in progress                          V.17      800,629,861.33       674,456,905.57
     Productive biological assets
     Oil and gas assets
     Right-of-use assets                               V.18      181,137,390.98       163,180,643.61
     Intangible assets                                 V.19    1,358,566,439.21     1,406,841,869.56
     Of which: data resources
     Development costs
     Of which: data resources
     Goodwill                                          V.20       226,408,877.76       226,408,877.76
     Long-term prepaid expenses                        V.21        45,998,889.13        44,778,274.65
     Deferred tax assets                               V.22     1,201,451,566.48     1,087,501,760.54
     Other non-current assets                          V.23     4,995,698,975.00     5,859,585,210.43
     Total non-current assets                                 17,007,530,532.60    17,194,029,360.83
     Total assets                                             74,812,977,278.50    69,701,939,817.33




44
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                       Unit: RMB
Item                                                Note    Closing balance     Opening balance

Current liabilities:
Short-term borrowings                               V.25    3,365,328,105.01     2,708,715,351.46
Borrowings from central bank
Loans from other banks
Transactional financial liabilities                 V.26       44,449,742.26         3,552,841.18
Derivative financial liabilities
Notes payable                                       V.27   13,640,613,047.28    16,132,766,497.33
Accounts payable                                    V.28   17,469,018,721.95    12,848,289,233.62
Advances from customers                             V.29        2,173,017.55         2,745,211.29
Contractual liabilities                             V.30    1,471,759,913.98     1,838,591,086.05
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
   agreements to repurchase
Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
Customer brokerage deposits
Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
Employee remunerations payable                      V.31    1,063,336,547.75     1,441,919,470.92
Taxes payable                                       V.32      706,065,325.93       537,713,772.43
Other payables                                      V.33    6,784,859,002.59     5,389,842,305.97
   Including: Interest payable
               Dividends payable                            1,703,379,240.33        89,718,011.42
Handling fees and commission payable
Reinsured accounts payable
Liabilities held for sale
Non-current liabilities due within one year         V.34       109,946,612.09       101,928,336.06
Other current liabilities                           V.35     8,186,366,978.54     6,913,302,837.03
Total Current Liabilities                                  52,843,917,014.93    47,919,366,943.34




                                                                                                     45
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     1.     CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS — Continued

                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                   Note          Closing balance        Opening balance

     Non-current Liabilities:
     Reserves for reinsurance contract
     Long-term borrowings                                                   V.36             62,877,406.73           49,371,196.64
     Bonds payable
       Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Lease liabilities                                                      V.37            161,648,951.48          161,471,272.87
     Long-term payables
     Long-term employee remunerations payable                               V.38              78,332,981.07           77,923,347.90
     Provisions                                                             V.39           1,082,560,453.67        1,102,337,190.50
     Deferred income                                                        V.40             377,155,422.84          334,592,888.16
     Deferred tax liabilities                                               V.22             173,483,283.95          148,942,326.29
     Other non-current liabilities                                          V.41             517,973,406.42          533,409,940.50
     Total non-current liabilities                                                        2,454,031,906.16        2,408,048,162.86
     Total liabilities                                                                   55,297,948,921.09       50,327,415,106.20
     Shareholders’ equity:
     Share capital                                                          V.42          1,385,616,805.00        1,386,010,405.00
     Other equity instruments
       Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Capital reserve                                                        V.43          2,170,549,219.72        2,099,080,199.65
     Less: Treasury shares                                                  V.44            189,706,074.05          264,243,096.35
     Other comprehensive income                                             V.45            234,786,551.23          200,747,044.66
     Special reserves                                                       V.46             13,168,851.37            9,282,792.01
     Surplus reserves                                                       V.47            724,682,309.99          724,682,309.99
     General risk provisions
     Undistributed profits                                                  V.48          11,673,269,070.07       11,300,066,951.67
     Total equity attributable to owners of the parent                                   16,012,366,733.33       15,455,626,606.63
     Minority interests                                                                    3,502,661,624.08        3,918,898,104.50
     Total owners’ equity                                                                19,515,028,357.41       19,374,524,711.13
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                                          74,812,977,278.50       69,701,939,817.33

     Legal representative: Gao Yu Ling          Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun   Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




46
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

2.     BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                           30 June 2025
                                                                                        Unit: RMB
Item                                               Note      Closing balance     Opening balance

Current assets:
Cash at bank and on hand                                       306,711,410.45        83,431,684.91
Transactional financial assets                               3,292,351,221.49     2,335,470,084.17
Derivative financial assets
Notes receivable
Accounts receivable                                XVII.1      666,615,163.86       603,535,442.54
Receivables Financing                                           41,170,587.77        36,727,135.61
Prepayment                                                      31,306,204.33        38,299,611.93
Other receivables                                  XVII.2      871,103,060.96     1,167,291,561.49
   Including: Interest receivable
              Dividends receivable                                                   71,598,383.60
Inventories                                                     10,669,176.66         9,524,489.02
Of which: data resources
Contract assets
Assets held for sale
Non-current assets due within one year
Other current assets                                             56,225,720.06        58,094,649.76
Total current assets                                         5,276,152,545.58     4,332,374,659.43
Non-current assets:
Investments in debt
Other investments in debt
Long-term receivables                                        1,093,198,540.28     1,131,550,066.93
Long-term equity investments                       XVII.3    7,555,709,936.13     6,763,469,751.87
Other equity investment
Other non-current financial assets
Investment properties                                            2,091,120.00         2,091,120.00
Fixed assets                                                    39,776,681.00        40,158,494.35
Construction in progress                                            26,681.40         4,689,141.59
Productive biological assets
Oil and gas assets
Right-of-use assets
Intangible assets                                              157,088,790.30       157,986,067.36
Of which: data resources
Development costs
Of which: data resources
Goodwill
Long-term prepaid expenses                                          86,351.91           130,347.10
Deferred tax assets
Other non-current assets                                           218,175.00            92,682.50
Total non-current assets                                     8,848,196,276.02     8,100,167,671.70
Total assets                                                14,124,348,821.60    12,432,542,331.13




                                                                                                      47
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     2.     BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY — Continued

                                                                                               Unit: RMB
     Item                                                  Note    Closing balance     Opening balance

     Current liabilities:
     Short-term borrowings
     Transactional financial liabilities
     Derivative financial liabilities
     Notes payable                                                    54,329,973.94        45,208,805.22
     Accounts payable                                                 47,868,683.73        63,192,120.14
     Advances from customers
     Contractual liabilities                                             124,251.87         1,499,899.68
     Employee remunerations payable                                   11,156,896.75        25,996,886.40
     Taxes payable                                                     8,970,478.38         6,074,332.78
     Other payables                                                2,632,994,107.63       975,680,870.90
        Including: Interest payable
                    Dividends payable                              1,703,379,240.33
     Liabilities held for sale
     Non-current liabilities due within one year
     Other current liabilities                                        120,370,378.90       144,509,951.60
     Total Current Liabilities                                     2,875,814,771.20     1,262,162,866.72
     Non-current Liabilities:
     Long-term borrowings
     Bonds payable
        Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Lease liabilities
     Long-term payables
     Long-term employee remunerations payable
     Provisions                                                      220,866,979.59       240,589,748.09
     Deferred income                                                  25,170,074.67        24,406,184.40
     Deferred tax liabilities
     Other non-current liabilities
     Total non-current liabilities                                   246,037,054.26       264,995,932.49
     Total liabilities                                             3,121,851,825.46     1,527,158,799.21
     Shareholders’ equity:
     Share capital                                                 1,385,616,805.00     1,386,010,405.00
     Other equity instruments
        Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
     Capital reserve                                               2,470,571,118.31     2,387,231,218.73
     Less: Treasury shares                                           189,706,074.05       264,243,096.35
     Other comprehensive income                                       13,015,648.99        -30,344,604.64
     Special reserves
     Surplus reserves                                                 694,073,685.00       694,073,685.00
     Undistributed profits                                          6,628,925,812.89     6,732,655,924.18
     Total owners’ equity                                         11,002,496,996.14    10,905,383,531.92
     Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                   14,124,348,821.60    12,432,542,331.13




48
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                               January to June 2025

                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB
Item                                                                       Note        First half of 2025    First half of 2024

I.   Total operating revenue                                                          49,340,344,981.85     48,641,673,374.79
     Including: Operating revenue                                          V.49        49,340,344,981.85     48,641,673,374.79
                 Interest income
                 Insurance premium earned
                 Income from handling fees and commission
II. Total operating costs                                                             46,785,652,816.07     46,206,400,614.00
     Including: Operating costs                                            V.49        38,743,597,232.06     38,531,710,125.29
                 Interest expenses
                 Handling fees and commission expenses
                 Refunded premiums
                 Net amount of compensation payout
                 Net amount of insurance reserves provided
                 Policyholder dividend expenses
                 Reinsurance premium expenses
                 Taxes and surcharges                                      V.50          223,166,616.35        216,873,476.03
                 Sales expenses                                            V.51        4,869,442,985.61      4,719,717,716.22
                 Management expenses                                       V.52        1,232,915,731.34      1,199,136,901.69
                 R&D expenses                                              V.53        1,674,893,303.26      1,643,979,097.19
                 Financial expenses                                        V.54           41,636,947.45       -105,016,702.42
                    Including: Interest expense                                           86,914,991.88         69,061,921.52
                               Interest income                                            20,067,405.94         33,471,921.44
     Add: Other income                                                     V.55          273,364,514.91        318,536,900.93
            Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                      V.56          511,260,446.36        418,984,235.75
            Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                  236,560,862.88        193,121,101.07
                        Income from derecognition of financial assets
                           at amortised cost                                                 -491,638.54           -470,289.12
            Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed with “-”)
            Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
            Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)     V.57             75,736,420.19       170,272,953.38
            Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)          V.58             15,511,648.66         32,676,076.37
            Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)          V.59            -73,425,223.25        -17,846,374.49
            Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)           V.60             21,786,782.78            857,010.80
III. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                                       3,378,926,755.43      3,358,753,563.53
     Add: Non-operating incomes                                            V.61             63,639,458.45       154,188,740.82
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                          V.62             17,220,897.46         13,592,692.61
IV. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                                       3,425,345,316.42      3,499,349,611.74
     Less: income tax expense                                              V.63           436,679,453.25        469,196,871.14




                                                                                                                                  49
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     3.      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT — Continued

                                                                                                                              Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                        Note         First half of 2025      First half of 2024

     V. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                            2,988,665,863.17         3,030,152,740.60
           (1) Classified on a going concern basis
               1. Net profit from continuing operations
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                               2,988,665,863.17        3,030,152,740.60
               2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)
           (2) Classified by ownership of equity
               1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                               2,076,581,358.73        2,015,831,383.14
               2. Profit and loss of minority interests
                      (Net loss denoted by “–”)                                                912,084,504.44         1,014,321,357.46
     VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                             26,559,201.76            74,765,838.10
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to owners
             of the parent, net                                                                  34,039,506.57           55,433,755.31
           (1) Other comprehensive income that would not be reclassified
                  to profit or loss                                                                -138,567.34            1,199,128.63
                  1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                         benefit plan                                                             1,405,422.51              -207,776.74
                  2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                         transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                  3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                         investment                                                              -1,543,989.85            1,406,905.37
                  4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                         risk
                  5. Others
           (2) Other comprehensive income that would be reclassified to
                  profit or loss                                                                 34,178,073.91           54,234,626.68
                  1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                         gains and losses under the equity method                                42,930,048.86           -11,876,110.06
                  2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                  3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                         comprehensive income
                  4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
                  5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                  6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                         statements                                                              -8,751,974.95           66,110,736.74
                  7. Others
           Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to minority
             interests, net                                                                      -7,480,304.81            19,332,082.79
     VII. Total comprehensive income                                                         3,015,225,064.93         3,104,918,578.70
           Total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders
             of the parent                                                                    2,110,620,865.30        2,071,265,138.45
           Total comprehensive income attributable to minority interests                        904,604,199.63        1,033,653,440.25
     VIII. Earnings per share:
           (1) Basic earnings per share                                                                    1.52                    1.48
           (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                                  1.52                    1.48

     Legal representative: Gao Yu Ling              Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun   Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




50
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                              January to June 2025

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
Item                                                                        Note     First half of 2025   First half of 2024

I.   Total operating revenue                                                XVII.4   2,630,421,797.47     2,733,618,739.29
     Less: Operating costs                                                  XVII.4    2,310,327,927.65     2,565,482,641.16
           Taxes and surcharges                                                            4,117,451.97         4,671,401.49
           Sales expenses                                                                 83,809,118.66      213,445,922.30
           Management expenses                                                            40,474,579.22        64,523,241.39
           R&D expenses                                                                   64,178,219.96        94,988,639.31
           Financial expenses                                                            -28,464,439.57       -32,445,193.89
              Including: Interest expense
                          Interest income                                               28,325,245.36        32,499,066.41
     Add: Other income                                                                   1,224,846.80           787,270.13
           Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                        XVII.5   1,421,041,428.44     1,369,551,760.69
              Including: Share of profit of associates and joint ventures              114,113,239.16        69,870,818.25
                          Income from derecognition of financial assets
                             at amortised cost (loss expressed with “-”)
           Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
           Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed with “-”)                    18,763,056.82         5,187,754.84
           Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)                            384,408.73           404,071.20
           Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)                              8,414.50
           Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                              22,116.06            10,631.77
II. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                                      1,597,423,210.93     1,198,893,576.16
     Add: Non-operating incomes                                                           1,810,805.40         4,295,902.62
     Less: Non-operating expenses                                                          -415,112.71          -104,370.17
III. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                                    1,599,649,129.04     1,203,293,848.95
     Less: income tax expense                                                                                     14,693.36
IV. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                        1,599,649,129.04     1,203,279,155.59
     (1) Net profit from continuing operations                                        1,599,649,129.04     1,203,279,155.59
           (net loss expressed with “-”)
     (2) Net profit from discontinued operations
           (net loss expressed with “-”)




                                                                                                                               51
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     4.      INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY — Continued

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                       Note   First half of 2025   First half of 2024

     V. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                        43,360,253.63        -12,260,696.68
          (1) Other comprehensive income that would not be
                 reclassified to profit or loss
                 1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                        benefit plan
                 2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                        transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                 3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                        investment
                 4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own
                        credit risk
                 5. Others
          (2) Other comprehensive income that would be reclassified to                    43,360,253.63       -12,260,696.68
                 profit or loss
                 1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into                   43,360,253.63       -12,260,696.68
                        gains and losses under the equity method
                 2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                 3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                        comprehensive income
                 4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt investment
                 5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                 6. Differences on translation of foreign currency financial
                        statements
                 7. Others
     VI. Total comprehensive income                                                    1,643,009,382.67     1,191,018,458.91
     VII. Earnings per share:
          (1) Basic earnings per share
          (2) Diluted earnings per share




52
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                                                            January to June 2025

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB
Item                                                                    Note        First half of 2025    First half of 2024

I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
    Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services                    41,540,621,502.58     36,322,660,974.82
    Net increase in customer deposits and interbank deposits
    Net increase in borrowings from central bank
    Net increase in placements from other financial institutions
    Cash received from original insurance contracts
    Net cash received from reinsurance business
    Net increase in deposits and investments from policyholders
    Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
    Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
      institutions
    Net increase in repurchase business capital
    Net income from trading securities as broker
    Tax rebates received                                                             1,909,388,133.48      1,794,789,651.68
    Cash received relating to other operating activities                V.65           540,511,520.69        544,075,284.11
Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                                 43,990,521,156.75     38,661,525,910.61
    Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of labor
      services                                                                     27,205,730,464.41     25,269,666,368.17
    Net increase in loans and advances to customers
    Net increase in deposits with central bank and other banks
    Cash paid for compensation under original insurance contract
    Net increase in placements from banks and other financial
      institutions
    Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
    Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
    Cash paid to and for employees                                                   4,964,845,766.41      4,892,792,824.43
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                               1,617,348,042.70      1,934,102,203.66
    Cash paid relating to other operating activities                    V.65         4,880,608,055.45      4,464,991,031.88
Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                                 38,668,532,328.97     36,561,552,428.14
Net cash flows from operating activities                                            5,321,988,827.78      2,099,973,482.47
II. Cash flow from investing activities:
    Cash received from recovery of investments                                            100,000.00
    Cash received from investment income                                              305,559,408.21        288,755,704.85
    Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
      assets and other long-term assets                                                29,126,827.23          2,802,246.65
    Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
      operation units
    Cash received relating to other investing activities                V.65        18,525,788,111.82     14,841,068,042.40
Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                                 18,860,574,347.26     15,132,625,993.90
    Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
      other long-term assets                                                          718,647,575.97        539,690,593.60
    Cash paid for investments                                                          16,122,921.57         98,000,000.00
    Net increase in pledged loans
    Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
      operation units
    Cash paid relating to other investing activities                    V.65        21,747,156,113.20     14,001,882,721.62
Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                                22,481,926,610.74     14,639,573,315.22
Net cash flows from investing activities                                            -3,621,352,263.48       493,052,678.68




                                                                                                                               53
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE


     5.     CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT — Continued

                                                                                                                Unit: RMB
     Item                                                                  Note   First half of 2025    First half of 2024

     III. Cash flows from financing activities:
          Cash received from capital contribution                                                           5,000,000.00
            Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from minority
                          shareholders’ investment                                                          5,000,000.00
          Cash received from borrowings                                            2,219,815,567.38       325,347,689.44
          Cash received relating to other financing activities             V.65      391,834,125.12     1,604,632,245.40
     Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                           2,611,649,692.50     1,934,979,934.84
          Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                                    1,683,062,186.07       243,575,921.60
          Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of
            interest expenses                                                     1,528,677,640.46      1,341,811,290.57
            Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority shareholders
                          by subsidiaries                                          1,483,281,193.65      1,295,271,944.21
          Cash paid relating to other financing activities                 V.65       68,197,954.90      2,962,575,537.77
     Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                          3,279,937,781.43      4,547,962,749.94
     Net cash flows from financing activities                                      -668,288,088.93     -2,612,982,815.10
     IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash
            equivalents                                                              43,384,425.60      -107,467,612.38
     V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 1,075,732,900.97      -127,424,266.33
          Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of
                  the period                                                       2,191,268,606.55     2,877,140,400.54
     VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period            3,267,001,507.52     2,749,716,134.21




54
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

6.     CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                             January to June 2025

                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB
Item                                                                       Note     First half of 2025   First half of 2024

I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
     Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services                    1,978,276,510.71     2,085,862,294.57
     Tax rebates received
     Cash received relating to other operating activities                              221,652,649.14       220,287,181.46
Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                                  2,199,929,159.85     2,306,149,476.03
     Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt                              1,613,905,915.26     1,611,284,807.19
       of labor services
     Cash paid to and for employees                                                    147,924,163.40       178,755,166.94
     Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                                  3,621,718.08         3,918,702.32
     Cash paid relating to other operating activities                                  499,592,840.29       508,590,265.64
Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                                  2,265,044,637.03     2,302,548,942.09
Net cash flows from operating activities                                               -65,115,477.18         3,600,533.94
II. Cash flow from investing activities:
     Cash received from recovery of investments
     Cash received from investment income                                           1,423,707,793.95       408,869,352.98
     Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible assets                   33,286.19               110.00
       and other long-term assets
     Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
       operation units
     Cash received relating to other investing activities                            2,605,738,472.95     1,040,712,508.35
Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                                  4,029,479,553.09     1,449,581,971.33
     Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and                    6,096,509.11        11,394,646.74
       other long-term assets
     Cash paid for investments                                                        580,473,750.00       302,821,117.29
     Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
       operation units
     Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                3,145,000,000.00       955,000,000.00
Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                                 3,731,570,259.11     1,269,215,764.03
Net cash flows from investing activities                                              297,909,293.98       180,366,207.30
III. Cash flows from financing activities:
     Cash received from capital contribution
     Cash received from borrowings
     Cash received relating to other financing activities                               7,441,692.72       156,019,707.00
Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                                      7,441,692.72      156,019,707.00
     Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
     Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment of                      3,597,091.99         1,742,467.87
       interest expenses
     Cash paid relating to other financing activities                                    8,896,117.28       340,686,488.73
Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                                    12,493,209.27       342,428,956.60
Net cash flows from financing activities                                                -5,051,516.55     -186,409,249.60
IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash                               22,025.39            47,078.33
       equivalents
V. Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                         227,764,325.64         -2,395,430.03
     Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning                        59,068,601.24        78,796,769.09
              of the period
VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                    286,832,926.88         76,401,339.06




                                                                                                                              55
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     7.                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

     Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                    First half of 2025
                                                                                                                                                                  Attributable to the owners of the parent

                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                          Less:                   Other
                                                                      Share    Preference     Perpetual                              Capital          Treasury          comprehensive                 Special                   Surplus   General risk       Undistributed                                          Minority                Total
     Item                                                            capital      shares          debts            Others            reserve            shares                  income                reserves                 reserves    provisions               profits   Others            Subtotal            interests     owners’ equity


     I. Closing balance in previous year                    1,386,010,405.00                                                2,099,080,199.65    264,243,096.35          200,747,044.66           9,282,792.01            724,682,309.99                  11,300,066,951.67             15,455,626,606.63    3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13
        Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Others
     II. Opening balance for the year                       1,386,010,405.00                                                2,099,080,199.65    264,243,096.35          200,747,044.66           9,282,792.01            724,682,309.99                  11,300,066,951.67             15,455,626,606.63    3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13
     III. Movements in the current period                        -393,600.00                                                  71,469,020.07     -74,537,022.30            34,039,506.57          3,886,059.36                                              373,202,118.40                556,740,126.70      -416,236,480.42     140,503,646.28
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)
        (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                    34,039,506.57                                                                   2,076,581,358.73              2,110,620,865.30      904,604,199.63    3,015,225,064.93
        (2) Owners’ contributions and capital                    -393,600.00                                                   72,558,622.39     -74,537,022.30                                                                                                                           146,702,044.69       11,638,137.18      158,340,181.87
               reductions
             1. Ordinary shares contributed                      -393,600.00                                                    -1,638,265.05                                                                                                                                               -2,031,865.05                           -2,031,865.05
                   by owners
             2. Capital contributions by holders of
                   other equity instruments
             3. Amount of share-based payment                                                                                  74,196,887.44                                                                                                                                               74,196,887.44       11,638,137.18       85,835,024.62
                   included in shareholders’ equity
             4. Others                                                                                                                           -74,537,022.30                                                                                                                            74,537,022.30                           74,537,022.30
        (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                                           -1,703,379,240.33             -1,703,379,240.33   -1,330,192,920.00   -3,033,572,160.33
             1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
             2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
             3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                     -1,703,379,240.33             -1,703,379,240.33   -1,330,192,920.00   -3,033,572,160.33
             4. Others
        (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
             1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from capital reserve
             2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from surplus reserve
             3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
             4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                   plan carried forward to retained
                   earnings
             5. Other comprehensive income carried
                   forward to retained earnings
             6. Others
        (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                                      3,886,059.36                                                                              3,886,059.36          653,047.44        4,539,106.80
             1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                                       44,513,936.01                                                                             44,513,936.01        5,850,946.54       50,364,882.55
             2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                                           40,627,876.65                                                                             40,627,876.65        5,197,899.09       45,825,775.74
        (6) Others                                                                                                              -1,089,602.32                                                                                                                                               -1,089,602.32       -2,938,944.67       -4,028,546.99
     IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,385,616,805.00                                                2,170,549,219.72    189,706,074.05          234,786,551.23          13,168,851.37            724,682,309.99                  11,673,269,070.07             16,012,366,733.33    3,502,661,624.08 19,515,028,357.41




56
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

7.                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY — Continued

Amount for previous year

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                  First half of 2024
                                                                                                                                                             Attributable to the owners of the parent

                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                    Less:                Other
                                                                  Share    Preference         Perpetual                              Capital     Treasury      comprehensive                  Special                  Surplus    General risk       Undistributed                                            Minority                 Total
Item                                                            capital       shares              debts            Others            reserve       shares              income                reserves                  reserves     provisions               profits   Others            Subtotal             interests      owners’ equity


I. Closing balance in previous year                    1,387,935,370.00                                                     2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74              6,319,636.53          724,682,309.99                      9,355,458,114.25              13,580,174,485.95    5,815,884,640.69     19,396,059,126.64
   Add: Changes in accounting policies
          Correction for error in previous period
          Others
II. Opening balance for the year                       1,387,935,370.00                                                     2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74              6,319,636.53          724,682,309.99                      9,355,458,114.25              13,580,174,485.95    5,815,884,640.69     19,396,059,126.64
III. Movements in the current period                      -1,924,965.00                                                       -16,327,518.40 27,616,613.74     -26,250,775.08           2,963,155.48                                              1,944,608,837.42               1,875,452,120.68    -1,896,986,536.19       -21,534,415.51
       (Decreases expressed with “–”)
   (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                               -26,250,775.08                                                                    3,347,881,773.89               3,321,630,998.81     1,793,954,113.73     5,115,585,112.54
   (2) Owners’ contributions and capital                   -1,924,965.00                                                      -23,422,371.87 27,616,613.74                                                                                                                          -52,963,950.61     -850,650,713.16      -903,614,663.77
          reductions
        1. Ordinary shares contributed                     -1,924,965.00                                                       -9,861,342.75                                                                                                                                        -11,786,307.75     -910,690,125.76      -922,476,433.51
              by owners
        2. Capital contributions by holders of
              other equity instruments
        3. Amount of share-based payment                                                                                      195,669,559.97                                                                                                                                       195,669,559.97        38,682,800.25       234,352,360.22
              included in shareholders’ equity
        4. Others                                                                                                            -209,230,589.09 27,616,613.74                                                                                                                        -236,847,202.83        21,356,612.35      -215,490,590.48
   (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -1,403,272,936.47              -1,403,272,936.47   -2,844,055,083.10     -4,247,328,019.57
        1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
        2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
        3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                  -1,403,272,936.47              -1,403,272,936.47   -2,844,055,083.10     -4,247,328,019.57
        4. Others
   (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
        1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
              from capital reserve
        2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
              from surplus reserve
        3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
        4. Changing amount of defined benefit
              plan carried forward to retained
              earnings
        5. Other comprehensive income carried
              forward to retained earnings
        6. Others
   (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                                  2,963,155.48                                                                                2,963,155.48          811,995.90          3,775,151.38
        1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                                   86,854,043.85                                                                               86,854,043.85        11,900,486.24        98,754,530.09
        2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                                       83,890,888.37                                                                               83,890,888.37        11,088,490.34        94,979,378.71
   (6) Others                                                                                                                   7,094,853.47                                                                                                                                         7,094,853.47         2,953,150.44        10,048,003.91
IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,386,010,405.00                                                     2,099,080,199.65 264,243,096.35 200,747,044.66              9,282,792.01          724,682,309.99                     11,300,066,951.67              15,455,626,606.63    3,918,898,104.50     19,374,524,711.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               57
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
     ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

     8.                STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

     Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                      First half of 2025
                                                                                                    Other equity instruments                                          Less:              Other                                                                         Total
                                                                             Share     Preference            Perpetual                           Capital          Treasury       comprehensive      Special         Surplus      Undistributed                       owners’
     Item                                                                   capital        shares                debts         Others            reserve            shares             income      reserves        reserves              profits   Others             equity


     I. Closing balance in previous year                          1,386,010,405.00                                                      2,387,231,218.73    264,243,096.35        -30,344,604.64              694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18               10,905,383,531.92
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
                 Correction for error in previous period
                 Others
     II. Opening balance for the year                             1,386,010,405.00                                                      2,387,231,218.73    264,243,096.35        -30,344,604.64              694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18               10,905,383,531.92
     III. Movements in the current period                              -393,600.00                                                         83,339,899.58     -74,537,022.30        43,360,253.63                              -103,730,111.29                   97,113,464.22
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)
          (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                           43,360,253.63                               1,599,649,129.04              1,643,009,382.67
          (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reductions              -393,600.00                                                        84,197,071.90     -74,537,022.30                                                                                    158,340,494.20
              1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                  -393,600.00                                                         -1,637,952.72                                                                                                        -2,031,552.72
              2. Capital contributions by holders of other equity
                    instruments
              3. Amount of share-based payment included                                                                                    85,835,024.62                                                                                                        85,835,024.62
                    in shareholders’ equity
             4. Others                                                                                                                                       -74,537,022.30                                                                                     74,537,022.30
         (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                              -1,703,379,240.33             -1,703,379,240.33
             1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
             2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                         -1,703,379,240.33             -1,703,379,240.33
             3. Others
         (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
             1. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from capital
                    reserve
             2. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from surplus
                    reserve
             3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
             4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                    carried forward to retained earnings
             5. Other comprehensive income carried forward to
                    retained earnings
             6. Others
         (5) Special reserves
             1. Provided during the period
             2. Used during the period
         (6) Others                                                                                                                           -857,172.32                                                                                                         -857,172.32
     IV. Closing balance for the period                             1,385,616,805.00                                                    2,470,571,118.31    189,706,074.05         13,015,648.99              694,073,685.00 6,628,925,812.89               11,002,496,996.14




58
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH CHINA
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS FOR BUSINESS ENTERPRISE

8.                 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY — Continued

Amount for previous year

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                    First half of 2024
                                                                                                  Other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                    Less:              Other                                                                            Total
                                                                           Share     Preference            Perpetual                           Capital          Treasury       comprehensive       Special          Surplus      Undistributed                        owners’
Item                                                                      capital        shares                debts         Others            reserve            shares             income       reserves         reserves              profits   Others              equity


I. Closing balance in previous year                             1,387,935,370.00                                                      2,352,730,955.68    236,626,482.61          1,507,133.78               694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24                9,490,393,117.09
     Add: Changes in accounting policies
            Correction for error in previous period
            Others
II. Opening balance for the year                                1,387,935,370.00                                                      2,352,730,955.68    236,626,482.61          1,507,133.78               694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24                9,490,393,117.09
III. Movements in the current period                                -1,924,965.00                                                        34,500,263.05     27,616,613.74        -31,851,738.42                              1,441,883,468.94                1,414,990,414.83
       (Decreases expressed with “–”)
     (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                              -31,851,738.42                               2,845,156,405.41               2,813,304,666.99
     (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reductions                -1,924,965.00                                                       36,617,040.73     27,616,613.74                                                                                          7,075,461.99
         1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners                    -1,924,965.00                                                        -9,861,342.75                                                                                                         -11,786,307.75
         2. Capital contributions by holders of other equity
                instruments
         3. Amount of share-based payment included in                                                                                   234,352,360.22                                                                                                         234,352,360.22
                shareholders’ equity
         4. Others                                                                                                                     -187,873,976.74     27,616,613.74                                                                                       -215,490,590.48
     (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                  -1,403,272,936.47              -1,403,272,936.47
         1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
         2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                             -1,403,272,936.47              -1,403,272,936.47
         3. Others
     (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
         1. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from capital
                reserve
         2. Transfer to capital (or share capital) from surplus
                reserve
         3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
         4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                carried forward to retained earnings
         5. Other comprehensive income carried forward to
                retained earnings
         6. Others
     (5) Special reserves
         1. Provided during the period
         2. Used during the period
     (6) Others                                                                                                                           -2,116,777.68                                                                                                          -2,116,777.68
IV. Closing balance for the period                              1,386,010,405.00                                                      2,387,231,218.73    264,243,096.35        -30,344,604.64               694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18                10,905,383,531.92




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 59
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025
     (Unless otherwise stated, all amounts are denominated in Renminbi)


     I.     COMPANY PROFILE

            Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when including
            subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River Factory (廣東順德珠江冰箱廠), was established in 1984, with
            its place of registration and head office address at No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City,
            Guangdong Province. The Company’s 459,589,808 overseas listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock
            Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 23 July 1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic
            shares (the “A Shares”), which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

            In accordance with the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (2017) issued by the National Bureau of
            Statistics, the Company belongs to “C3851 Manufacturer of household refrigeration appliances”, which is principally
            engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and service business of HVAC, refrigerators,
            freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive integrated thermal
            management systems and other products, and provides the full-scenario smart home solutions. The main products include
            HVAC, refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive
            integrated thermal management systems, etc.

            The financial statements were approved for publication by the Board of the Company on 30 July 2025.

     II.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            1.     Basis of preparation

                   The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on actual transactions and events according to the
                   “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” and its application guidelines, interpretations and other relevant
                   regulations (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”) issued by
                   the Ministry of Finance, the “Preparation Rules for Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the
                   Public No. 15 – General Provisions on Financial Reports” (Revised in 2023) and relevant provisions issued by the China
                   Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”), as well as the relevant disclosure provisions required by the “Companies
                   Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

            2.     Going-concern

                   The Group has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months as of 30 June 2025, and has
                   found no events or circumstances that cast significant doubt on its ability to continue as a going concern. The
                   financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.

     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

            Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates: The accounting policies and accounting estimates developed by
            the Group according to characteristics of actual production and operation include bad debts provision for receivables,
            provision for decline in value of inventories, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of intangible assets, conditions for
            capitalizing R&D expenses, recognition and measurement of incomes, etc.

            1.     Declaration on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

                   These financial statements give a true, accurate and complete view of the consolidated and company financial
                   position as at 30 June 2025, consolidated and company operation results, cash flows and other information for the
                   first half of 2025 of the Company in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

            2.     Accounting period

                   The Group adopts the calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting period.




60
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       3.    Business cycle

             The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification between assets and
             liabilities.

       4.    Functional currency

             The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their reporting currencies. The overseas subsidiaries of the
             Group shall determine their respective reporting currencies depending on the primary economic environment where
             they operate. The Group converts other currencies into RMB in preparing the financial statements according to the
             methods described in Section III. 10.

       5.    Method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria

             The Group follows the principle of materiality in the preparation and disclosure of its financial statements. The matters
             disclosed in the notes to the financial statements that involve judgements about materiality criteria and the method
             for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria are set out as follows:

                                                           Disclosure sections of
             Disclosures involving judgements about        matters in the notes to      Method for determination and basis for
             materiality criteria                          the financial statements     selection of materiality criteria

             Write-off of significant accounts             V.4,(4);                     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the
              receivable/other receivables during          V.7.1,(5)                      net assets attributable to shareholders of
              the Period                                                                  the listed company

             Significant accounts payable/contract         V.28,(2);                    Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the
               liabilities/other payables with an          V.30,(2);                      net assets attributable to shareholders of
               ageing of over one year or overdue          V.33.2,(2)                     the listed company

             Significant cash received/paid in relation    V.65.(2)                     Individual amount accounts for 5% of cash
               to investing activities                                                    inflow/outflow from/to investing activities
                                                                                          of listed companies

             Important overseas business entities          V.67,(2)                     Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                                                                                          and with their net assets accounting for
                                                                                          over 0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                                          assets

             Main components of the enterprise group       VIII.1,(1)                   Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                                                                                          and with their net assets accounting for
                                                                                          over 0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                                          assets

             Important non-wholly-owned subsidiaries       VIII.1,(2)                   Subsidiaries with their net assets accounting
                                                                                          for over 15% of the Group’s consolidated
                                                                                          net assets




                                                                                                                                         61
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            6.    Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under and not under common control

                 (1)     Business combinations involving entities under common control

                         A business combination under common control means that the entities involved in the combination are under
                         the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the combination and that such control is not
                         temporary.

                         The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination under
                         common control are measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged party in the
                         consolidated statements of the ultimate controller. The difference between the carrying amount of net assets
                         obtained and the carrying amount of the combination consideration paid (or the total par value of the issued
                         shares) shall be adjusted in capital reserve; if the capital reserve is not sufficient for offsetting, the retained
                         earnings shall be adjusted.

                 (2)     Business combinations involving entities not under common control

                         A business combination not under common control means that the parties involved in the combination are
                         not under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the combination.

                         The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained by the Group as an acquirer in
                         a business combination not under common control shall be measured at fair value on the acquisition date.
                         Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable
                         net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill; where the cost of combination is less than the acquirer’s
                         share of the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the fair values of all the identifiable assets,
                         liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained in the business combination and the cost of combination shall
                         be firstly reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination is still less than the acquirer’s share of the fair
                         value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the business combination, the difference shall be included in
                         the consolidated non-operating revenue for the period.

            7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements

                  The consolidation scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is determined based on control,
                  including the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company (including the divisible parts of enterprises
                  and investees, as well as structured entities controlled by enterprises). The standard for judging control by the Group
                  is that the Group has the power over the investee, enjoys variable returns through participating in related activities of
                  the investee, and is able to use the power over the investee to influence its return amount.

                  When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy or the accounting period
                  that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to the financial
                  statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policy or accounting period of the Company.

                  The impact of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries on the
                  consolidated financial statements shall be offset at the time of consolidation. Proportion of shareholder’s equity
                  of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of profit or loss for current period, other
                  comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which belong to the equity of minority shareholders shall
                  be listed under “equity of minority shareholders, gain or loss attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive
                  income attributable to minority shareholders and total comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders”
                  in the consolidated financial statements.

                  For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results and cash flows
                  of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the beginning of the period
                  of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to the
                  related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding as the reporting subject which was formed after
                  combination has existed since the ultimate controller started control.



62
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements — Continued

             For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results and cash
             flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained its control. When preparing
             consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial statements of the subsidiaries using the
             fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of
             acquisition.

       8.    Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

             Joint arrangements of the Group include joint operation and joint venture. Joint operation refers to a joint
             arrangement in which the joint venturers enjoy the assets and assume the liabilities associated with the arrangement.
             Joint venture refers to a joint arrangement in which the joint venturers only have rights to the net assets of the
             arrangement.

             As for joint operation projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises assets and
             liabilities that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds or assume in proportion, and
             related income and fees will be recognized according to the related agreed individual or in proportion assets and
             liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or sold under joint operation that do not constitute business,
             only the profit or loss incurred from that transaction attributable to the other parties under the joint operation is
             recognized.

       9.    Cash and cash equivalents

             Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank available for
             payment at any time. Cash equivalents in the cash flow statement represent investments which are held for less than
             three months, highly liquid and are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and subject to an insignificant risk
             of value change.

       10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

             (1)    Foreign currency transactions

                     When foreign currency transactions of the Group are initially recognised, the amount in foreign currency shall
                     be translated into the reporting currency at the approximate exchange rate of the spot exchange rate on the
                     date when the transactions take place. As at the balance sheet date, foreign currency monetary items are
                     translated into the reporting currency using the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation
                     differences arising thereon are directly included in the profit or loss for the period, except that exchange
                     differences arising from specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the construction or production
                     of a qualifying asset for capitalisation are dealt with based on the capitalisation principle. Foreign currency
                     non-monetary items measured at historical cost are still translated using the spot exchange rate on the
                     transaction date, without changing their reporting currency amount. Foreign currency non-monetary items
                     measured at fair value are translated using the spot exchange rate on the date of fair value determination.
                     The difference between the translated amount in reporting currency and the original amount in reporting
                     currency is treated as changes in fair value (including exchange rate changes) and included in the profit
                     or loss for current period. The capital from investors in foreign currency is translated using the spot exchange
                     rate on the transaction date, and there is no foreign currency capital translation difference between the
                     foreign currency investment and the reporting currency amount of corresponding monetary item.




                                                                                                                                             63
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency — Continued

                  (2)    Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                         When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group translates the financial statements on
                         overseas operations into RMB, in which, asset and liability items in the balance sheet denominated in foreign
                         currency are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on the balance sheet date; the owners’ equity
                         items, except for the “undistributed profits”, are translated at the spot exchange rate when a business
                         takes place; income and expense items in the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate
                         or approximate exchange rate on the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences
                         arising from the above translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented in other
                         comprehensive income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot
                         exchange rate or approximate exchange rate on the date when the cash flow occurs. Effects on cash arising
                         from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash flow statement.

            11.   Financial instruments

                  (1)    Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                         The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the contractual
                         provisions of a financial instrument.

                         A financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets) shall be
                         derecognised, i.e., the financial assets previously recognised to be written off from its balance sheet, if the
                         following conditions are satisfied: 1) the right to collect cash flows from the financial asset expires; 2) the
                         Group has transferred the right to collect cash flows from the financial asset, or assumed the obligation
                         under a “transfer agreement” to timely pay the collected cash flows to a third party in full; and the Group has
                         substantially transferred almost all the risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset, or relinquished
                         control over such financial asset even though it has neither substantially transferred nor retained almost all
                         the risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset.

                         If the obligation for financial liabilities has been fulfilled, revoked or expired, the financial liabilities shall
                         be derecognised. If the existing financial liability is replaced by another financial liability with substantially
                         different terms by the same creditor, or if the terms of the existing liability are substantially modified, such
                         replacement or modification shall be treated as derecognition of original liability and recognition of new
                         liability, and the difference shall be included in the profit or loss for current period.

                         The financial assets acquired or sold in a conventional manner shall be recognised and derecognised
                         according to the accounting on the transaction date.

                  (2)    Classification and measurement of financial assets

                         At the time of initial recognition, the Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at amortised cost,
                         financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at fair value through
                         profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual cash flow
                         characteristics of the financial assets. All affected related financial assets will be reclassified only when the
                         Group changes its business model for managing financial assets.

                         When judging the business model, the Group considers the methods of enterprise evaluation and reporting
                         financial asset performance to key management personnel, the risks affecting financial asset performance
                         and their management methods, as well as the compensation obtainment methods of relevant business
                         management personnel. When evaluating whether to target the collection of contractual cash flows, the
                         Group needs to analyse and judge the reason, time, frequency and value of the sale of financial assets
                         before their maturity date.




64
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets — Continued

                    When judging the characteristics of contractual cash flow, the Group needs to determine whether the
                    contractual cash flow is only for the payment of principal and interest based on unpaid principal. When
                    evaluating the correction of the time value of money, it is necessary to determine whether there is a significant
                    difference compared to the benchmark cash flow. For financial assets with prepayment characteristics, it is
                    necessary to determine whether the fair value of prepayment characteristics is very low.

                    Financial assets are measured at fair value upon initial recognition, but if the accounts receivable or
                    notes receivable arising from the sale of goods or provision of services do not include significant financing
                    components or do not consider financing components for a period not exceeding one year, they are initially
                    measured at the transaction price.

                    As for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are directly included in
                    profit or loss for the period; as for other kinds of financial assets, relevant transaction costs are included in their
                    initial recognition amount.

                    The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification:

                   1)      Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as financial assets
                            measured at amortised cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a business model whose
                            objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; ② the contractual terms of the financial
                            assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
                            principal amount outstanding. The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: currency
                            funds, accounts receivable, notes receivable, other receivables, etc.

                   2)      Investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                            Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as financial assets at
                            fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets are managed within a business
                            model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                            assets; ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are
                            solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The interest income
                            on such financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. Except for interest income,
                            impairment losses and exchange differences, other changes in fair value are recognised in other
                            comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or losses
                            previously included in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included in the
                            profit or loss for the period. The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: receivables
                            financing.

                   3)      Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                            The Group irrevocably designates part of the investments in equity instruments not held for trading
                            as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Such designation cannot
                            be revoked once made. The Group only recognises relevant dividend income (except for dividend
                            income that is clearly recovered as part of the investment cost) in profit or loss for the period, and
                            subsequent changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive income without making
                            the provision for impairment. Upon derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or
                            losses previously included in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included
                            in retained earnings. The Group’s financial assets in this category are investments in other equity
                            instruments.



                                                                                                                                              65
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets — Continued

                        4)       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                 Other than the above financial assets classified as financial assets measured at amortised cost and
                                 those classified or designated as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
                                 the Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the
                                 period. Such financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value
                                 included in profit or loss for the period except for those related to hedge accounting. The Group’s
                                 financial assets in this category mainly include: financial assets held for trading.

                  (3)   Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                         Except for the signed financial guarantee contracts, the loan commitments at a rate lower than the market
                         interest rate, and financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which the transfer does not meet the
                         conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the transferred financial assets, the Group classifies
                         its financial liabilities as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured
                         at amortised cost at the time of initial recognition. As for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                         loss, relevant transaction costs are directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for financial liabilities
                         measured at amortised cost, relevant transaction costs are included in their initial recognition amount.

                         The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification:

                        1)       Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                 Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised using the effective interest method and
                                 subsequently measured at amortised cost.

                        2)       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                                 Financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are financial liabilities) at fair value through
                                 profit or loss include held-for-trading financial liabilities and financial liabilities designated as measured
                                 at fair value through profit or loss at initial recognition. Held-for-trading financial liabilities (includes
                                 derivative instruments that are financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, with
                                 all changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the period (except for those related to hedge
                                 accounting). Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss are
                                 subsequently measured at fair value, with other changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the
                                 period, except that the changes in fair value arising from changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                                 recognised in other comprehensive income. If fair value changes caused by changes in the Group’s
                                 own credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income, which would result in or amplify an
                                 accounting mismatch in profit or loss, the Group will recognise all fair value changes (including the
                                 amount affected by changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss for current period.

                  (4)   Impairment of financial instruments

                         Based on expected credit losses, the Group conducts impairment treatment and recognises loss provisions
                         for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured at fair value with changes
                         recognised in other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease receivables, loan commitments, and
                         financial guarantee contracts.




66
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                   1)     Measurement of the expected credit losses

                           Expected credit loss refers to the weighted average of credit losses of financial instruments weighted
                           by the risk of default. Credit loss refers to the present value of all cash shortages, which is the
                           difference between all contractual cash flows receivable under the contract and all expected cash
                           flows received, discounted at the original effective interest rate by the Group.

                           The expected credit loss throughout the expected lifespan refers to the expected credit loss caused
                           by all possible default events that may occur during the expected lifespan of a financial instrument.
                           Expected credit loss within the next 12 months refers to the expected credit loss that may occur due
                           to a financial instrument default event within 12 months after the balance sheet date (if the expected
                           duration of the financial instrument is less than 12 months, it is the expected duration), and is a part of
                           the expected credit loss for the entire duration.

                           For accounts receivable, notes receivable, receivables financing, contract assets, other receivables,
                           etc. that do not contain a significant financing component and are generated from ordinary
                           operating activities, such as sales of goods and rendering of services, the Company applies a
                           simplified measurement methodology to measure the provision for losses at an amount equal to the
                           expected credit losses over the entire duration.

                           For lease receivables, receivables and contract assets with significant financing components, the
                           Company elects to apply a simplified measurement methodology to measure the provision for losses
                           at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the entire duration.

                           Except for financial assets that adopt simplified measurement methods as mentioned above (such
                           as debt investments, other debt investments and other receivables), the Group adopts the general
                           method (three-stage method) to calculate expected credit losses. On each balance sheet date, the
                           Group assesses whether its credit risk has significantly increased since initial recognition. If the credit
                           risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition and is in the first stage, the Group measures
                           the provision for losses based on an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the next 12
                           months, and calculates interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit
                           risk has significantly increased since initial recognition but credit impairment has not yet occurred, in
                           the second stage, the Group measures loss provisions at an amount equivalent to the expected credit
                           loss over the entire existence period, and calculates interest income based on the book balance and
                           actual interest rate. If credit impairment occurs after initial recognition, in the third stage, the Group
                           measures the provision for losses at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the entire
                           existence period, and calculates interest income at amortized cost and actual interest rate.

                           For financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date, the Group assumes that
                           their credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition. Please refer to Note X. 1 for the
                           disclosure of the criteria for significantly increasing credit risk and the definition of credit impairment
                           assets that have occurred in the Group.

                           When assessing the impairment of financial instruments and contract assets using the expected
                           credit loss model, the Group infers expected changes in the debtor’s credit risk based on historical
                           repayment data combined with economic policies, macroeconomic indicators, industry risks, and
                           other factors. Different estimates may affect the provision for impairment, and the accrued provision
                           for impairment may not be equal to the actual amount of future impairment losses.




                                                                                                                                            67
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (4)   Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                        2)     Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on credit risk
                               characteristics

                                The Group evaluates the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on individual and
                                combination. When evaluating on a combination basis, the Group divides financial instruments into
                                different groups based on common credit risk characteristics. The common credit risk characteristics
                                adopted by the Group include: financial instrument type, credit risk rating, debtor’s geographical
                                location, debtor’s industry, overdue information, ageing of accounts receivable, etc.

                                ①      Combination categories and determination basis of accounts receivable and contract assets

                                       Based on information such as the ageing of accounts receivable and contract assets,
                                       overdue ageing, nature of accounts, credit risk exposure, and historical collection status,
                                       the Group classifies them as follows according to the similarity and correlation of credit risk
                                       characteristics:

                                       Item                                 Basis for determination of groups

                                       Ageing group                         This group uses the ageing of receivables as the credit
                                                                            risk characteristics

                                       Receivables from related parties     This group is based on receivables from related parties

                                       Other receivables                    This group is based on accounts receivable from special
                                                                            business

                                ②      Combination categories and determination basis of notes receivable

                                       Based on the common risk characteristics of the acceptor credit risk of notes receivable, the
                                       Group classifies them into different combinations and determines the accounting estimate
                                       policy for expected credit losses as follows:

                                       Item                                 Basis for determination of groups

                                       Bank acceptance notes                Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk. The Group
                                                                            identifies these receivables as having a low credit risk
                                                                            and does not recognise their expected credit losses

                                       Commercial acceptance notes          Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as
                                                                            accounts receivable)




68
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments — Continued

                   2)     Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on credit risk
                          characteristics — Continued

                           ③      Grouping of other receivables and basis of determination

                                  The Group’s other receivables mainly include deposits and guarantee deposits receivable,
                                  amounts due from related parties. Based on the nature of receivables and the credit risk
                                  characteristics of different counterparties, other than other receivables which are individually
                                  assessed for credit risk, they are categorised into different portfolios based on their credit risk
                                  characteristics:

                                  Item                                   Basis for determination of groups

                                  Ageing group                           This group uses the ageing of other receivables as the
                                                                         credit risk characteristics

                                  Receivables from related parties       This group is based on other receivables from related
                                                                         parties

                                  Other receivables                      This group is based on other receivables from special
                                                                         business

                   3)     Criteria for judging individual provision for bad debt impairment provision

                           If a customer’s credit risk features are significantly different from others in the portfolio or have
                           significantly changed, for example, the customer is in severe financial difficulty, the expected credit
                           loss rate of the receivables from the customer has been significantly higher than the expected credit
                           loss rate of the customer’s ageing and overdue ranges, etc., the Group makes a provision for loss on
                           the basis of a single loss provision for the receivables from the customer.

                   4)     Write-off of impairment provision

                           When the Group no longer has a reasonable expectation that it will be able to recover, in whole or
                           in part, the contractual cash flows from a financial asset, the Group directly writes down the carrying
                           amount of the financial asset. If the written-down financial asset is subsequently recovered, the
                           reversal of the impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is recovered.




                                                                                                                                        69
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            11.   Financial instruments — Continued

                  (5)   Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                         For financial asset transfer transactions, if the Group has transferred almost all the risks and rewards of
                         ownership of the financial asset to the transferee, the recognition of the financial asset shall be terminated. If
                         almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets are retained, the recognition of such
                         financial assets shall not be terminated; If almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial
                         assets have not been transferred or retained, and control over the financial asset has been relinquished, the
                         recognition of the financial asset and the recognition of the resulting assets and liabilities shall be terminated.
                         If control over the financial asset has not been relinquished, relevant financial asset shall be recognised based
                         on its continued involvement in the transferred financial assets, with corresponding liabilities recognised.

                         If the whole transfer of the financial asset meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference between
                         the carrying amount of the transferred financial asset at the date of derecognition and the sum of the
                         consideration received for the transfer and the accumulative amount of fair value changes originally
                         recorded into other comprehensive income which is relevant to the portion of derecognition (The transferred
                         financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are managed within
                         a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                         assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are
                         solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.) is included in the profit or loss
                         for the period.

                         If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the entire carrying amount
                         of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which is derecognised and the portion which is
                         not, apportioned according to their respective relative fair value, and the difference between the sum of
                         the consideration received from the transfer and the accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value
                         originally included in other comprehensive income which shall be apportioned to the derecognised portion
                         (The transferred financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are
                         managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows
                         and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to
                         cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.), and the
                         apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets are included in the profit or loss for the period.

                         For those who continue to be involved by providing financial guarantees for the transferred financial assets,
                         the assets formed by further involvement shall be recognised based on the lower of the book value of the
                         financial assets and the amount of financial guarantees. The financial guarantee amount refers to the highest
                         amount of consideration received that will be required to be repaid.




70
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       11.   Financial instruments — Continued

             (6)   Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                    The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles: (1) Where the
                    Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial asset to fulfil a contractual
                    obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a financial liability. Although some financial
                    instruments do not explicitly include the terms and conditions imposing the contractual obligation to deliver
                    cash or another financial asset, they may indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms
                    and conditions. (2) Where a financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument,
                    consideration shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the instrument is
                    a substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
                    all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the issuer’s financial liability; in the latter case,
                    the instrument shall be the equity instrument of the issuer. Under certain circumstances whereby a financial
                    instrument contract stipulates that the Group will or may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial
                    instrument, and the amount of the contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity
                    instruments to be received or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract
                    shall be classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual right or
                    obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable other than the market
                    price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate, a commodity price or a financial
                    instrument price).

                    When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial statements, the
                    Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the Group and the holders of
                    the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation in respect of the instrument to settle it by
                    delivering cash or another financial asset or in such a way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument
                    shall be classified as a financial liability.

             (7)   Derivative financial instruments

                    The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts, commodity
                    forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, to hedge exchange rate risk, commodity price risk, and interest
                    rate risk, respectively. Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at their fair value on the date of
                    signing the derivative transaction contract, and subsequently measured at their fair value. Derivative financial
                    instruments with a positive fair value are recognised as an asset, while those with a negative fair value are
                    recognised as a liability.

                    Except for those related to hedge accounting, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivative
                    instruments are directly included in the profit or loss for current period.

             (8)   Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                    Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the balance sheet and
                    shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met, a financial asset and a financial
                    liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in the balance sheet: ① the Group has a legal right
                    that is currently enforceable to set off the recognised amount, and ② the Group intends either to settle on a
                    net basis, or to realise the financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                                                                71
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            12.   Inventories

                  The Group’s inventories mainly include raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, etc.

                  Inventories are initially measured at cost. Inventory costs include purchase costs, processing costs and other costs.
                  The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Actual cost is calculated using weighted average method when
                  the inventories are received or delivered. Low-value consumables and packaged goods are amortised using one-
                  time resale method.

                  Inventories are measured at the lower of their cost and net realisable value on the balance sheet date. If the cost of
                  inventories is higher than their net realisable value, a provision for decline in value of inventories will be made and
                  included in profit or loss for the period. Net realisable value refers to the estimated selling price of inventories in daily
                  activities, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

                  The Group makes provisions for decline in value of inventories on the basis of individual inventory items. Net realisable
                  value of the inventories of goods directly used for sale, such as finished goods, work in process and materials for sale, is
                  determined by the estimated selling price of such inventories, minus the estimated selling expenses and related taxes;
                  Net realisable value of the inventories of materials held for production is determined by the estimated selling price of
                  finished goods produced, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and
                  related taxes.

            13.   Contract assets and contract liabilities

                  (1)    Contract assets

                          A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage of time, to
                          receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a customer. For method of
                          determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of contract assets, please refer to relevant
                          contents in “Note III. 11. (4) Impairment of financial instruments” described above.

                  (2)    Contract liabilities

                          A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the Company has
                          received or should receive consideration from the customer.

                          Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract are shown on a net basis.

            14.   Assets relating to contract costs

                  (1)    Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                          The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract acquisition
                          cost. According to the liquidity, contract performance costs are presented separately in inventory and other
                          non-current assets, while contract acquisition costs are presented separately in other current assets and other
                          non-current assets.

                          Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which does not
                          fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, such as inventories, fixed assets
                          or intangible assets, and meets all of the following conditions, which is recognised as an asset as contract
                          performance cost: the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated
                          contract, including direct labour, direct materials, manufacturing costs (or similar costs), costs that are
                          explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into
                          the contract; the costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations
                          in the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.




72
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       14.   Assets relating to contract costs — Continued

             (1)    Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs — Continued

                    Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which is expected
                    to be recoverable and which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If the amortisation period
                    of such asset is no more than one year, the Group chooses the simplified treatment of including such contract
                    acquisition cost in profit or loss as incurred. Incremental cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by
                    the Group had no contract been acquired (such as commission, etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group
                    to obtain contracts (other than the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as travelling
                    expenses which will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained) are included in profit or
                    loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

             (2)    Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                    The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for recognition of the
                    revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

             (3)    Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                    If the carrying amount of the Group’s assets relating to contract costs is higher than the difference between
                    the following two items, the Group makes a provision for impairment and recognises the excess as an asset
                    impairment loss: ① the remaining consideration expected to be received from transfer of the goods relating
                    to the asset; and ② the cost expected to be incurred for transfer of the relevant goods. After the provision for
                    impairment is made, if the factors of impairment in previous periods change so that the difference between
                    the above two is higher than the carrying amount of the asset, the original provision for impairment of the asset
                    is reversed and included in profit or loss for the period, provided that the carrying amount of the asset after
                    the reversal does not exceed the carrying amount of the asset at the date of reversal assuming no provision
                    for impairment being made.

       15.   Long-term equity investments

             Long-term equity investments of the Group include the investments in subsidiaries, investments in associates and
             equity investments in joint ventures.

             (1)    Determination of significant influence and common control

                    The Group’s investment in associates refers to the equity investment that has a significant influence on the
                    investee. Significant influence means that the Group has the power to participate in decision-making on the
                    financial and operational policies of the investee, but cannot control or jointly control the formulation of these
                    policies with other parties. When the Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20% (inclusive)
                    or more but less than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that the Group
                    has significant influence on the investee, unless there is clear evidence that the Group cannot participate
                    in the production and operation decisions of the investee or form control over the investee. For voting rights
                    less than 20% in the investee, the Group considers that the board or representative in similar authority in the
                    investee/the implementation processes of financial and operation policies of investee which have also been
                    taken into account/significant transaction with the investee/management personnel sent to the investee/
                    significant technology information provided to the investee has significant influence to the investee.




                                                                                                                                         73
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            15.   Long-term equity investments — Continued

                  (1)   Determination of significant influence and common control — Continued

                        The equity investment in a joint venture refers to the investment in which the Group exercises joint control
                        with other joint venture parties over the investee and has the power over the net assets of the investee. Joint
                        control refers to the shared control over a certain arrangement in accordance with relevant agreements, and
                        the related activities of the arrangement must be unanimously agreed upon by the participating parties who
                        share control before decision-making can be made. Basis for determination in respect of common control is
                        that all participating parties or a group of participating parties control such arrangement, and that policies of
                        such related business of such arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that control
                        such arrangement.

                  (2)   Accounting treatment method

                        The Group initially measures the long-term equity investments obtained based on the initial investment cost.

                        For long-term equity investments obtained through business combination under common control, proportion
                        of carrying amount of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the consolidated financial
                        statements of the ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial investment cost. For carrying amount of
                        net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date of combination, investment cost of long-term equity
                        investment is calculated as zero.

                        For long-term equity investments acquired through business combination not under common control, cost of
                        combination will be treated as the initial investment cost;

                        Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination, for long-term equity
                        investments acquired by cash payment, the initial investment cost shall be based on the actual purchase
                        price paid and the expenses, taxes and other necessary expenditures directly related to the acquisition of
                        long-term equity investments. For long-term equity investments acquired by issuing equity securities, the cost
                        of investment is the fair value of the equity securities issued;

                        The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in individual financial statements using cost
                        method. When the cost method is used, long-term equity investments are measured at their initial investment
                        cost. When making additional investment, carrying amount of the long-term equity investments will be
                        increased according to the fair value of cost of additional investment and the related expenses incurred by
                        related transactions. For cash dividend or profit paid by the investee, it shall be recognised as investment
                        income for current period using the amount which it entitles.

                        The Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity method. When
                        using the equity method, if the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment exceeds the share of
                        the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that should be enjoyed at the time of investment,
                        the book value of the long-term equity investment shall not be adjusted. If the initial investment cost of a long-
                        term equity investment is less than the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that
                        should be enjoyed at the time of investment, the difference shall be adjusted to the book value of the long-
                        term equity investment and included in the profit or loss for current investment period.




74
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       15.   Long-term equity investments — Continued

             (2)    Accounting treatment method — Continued

                     For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under equity
                     method, carrying amount of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased accordingly
                     according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee during the investment period. When
                     determining the amount of proportion of net profit or loss in the investee which it entitles, fair value of each
                     identifiable asset of the investee at the time when the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and
                     according to the accounting policies and accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss
                     incurred in internal transaction between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which
                     is attributable to the Group according to the shareholding (if internal transaction losses belong to asset
                     impairment losses, they shall be fully recognised), and recognised after adjustment is made to the net profit
                     of the investee. The Group recognises the net loss incurred by the investee, with the book value of long-
                     term equity investments and other long-term equity essentially constituting the net investment in the investee
                     reduced to zero, except for the obligation of the Group to bear additional losses.

       16.   Investment properties

             The Group’s investment properties refer to the real estate held for the purpose of earning rent or capital appreciation,
             or for both, which comprise rented out houses, buildings and land. They are measured using the cost model.

             The Group’s investment property is depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for houses, buildings or
             land use rights.

       17.   Fixed assets

             The Group’s fixed assets are tangible assets held for producing goods, providing services, leasing, or for operating
             and administrative purposes, with useful lives exceeding one year.

             Fixed assets are recognized when it is probable that the associated economic benefits will flow to the Group and the
             cost can be reliably measured. The Group’s fixed assets include land overseas, buildings, machinery and equipment,
             electronic equipment, furniture and fixtures, and transportation equipment.

             Except for fully depreciated fixed assets that are still in use and land accounted for separately, the Group depreciates
             all of its fixed assets. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method. The classification, useful life, estimated
             residual value, and annual depreciation rates of the Group’s fixed assets are as follows:

                                                                                                         Rate of                 Annual
                                                                                                        residual            depreciation
             No.   Category                                             Useful life (year)             value (%)               rates (%)

             1     Offshore land                                                Unlimited         Not applicable          Not applicable
             2     Buildings and structures                                       20 – 50                  0 – 10                  1.8 – 5
             3     Machinery and equipment                                          5 – 20                 3 – 10              4.5 – 19.4
             4     Electronic equipment,                                            3 – 10                 0 – 10               9 – 33.33
                      appliances and furniture
             5     Transportation equipment                                         5 – 10                  3 – 10                9 – 19.4

             The Group reviews the useful lives, estimated residual values and depreciation methods of fixed assets at the end of
             each year. Any changes are treated as changes in accounting estimates.




                                                                                                                                              75
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            18.   Construction in progress

                  The cost of construction in progress is determined based on the actual project expenditure incurred, including
                  various construction expenditures and other related costs during the construction period.

                  Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it reaches its intended usable state. It is measured at the
                  estimated value based on the project budget, cost, or actual project cost, and depreciation starts from the following
                  month. The original value of fixed assets will be adjusted upon completion of final accounts.

                  The criteria for transferring construction in progress to fixed assets are as follows:

                  Item                                             Criteria for transfer to fixed assets

                  Buildings and structures                         Earlier of completion and acceptance/actual commencement of use

                  Machinery and equipment                          Completion of installation and commissioning and acceptance

            19.   Borrowing costs

                  The Group will capitalise the borrowing costs that can be directly attributed to the construction or production of assets
                  eligible for capitalisation, and include them in the relevant asset costs. Other borrowing costs will be recognised in
                  the profit or loss for current period. Assets identified by the Group as eligible for capitalization include borrowing cost
                  incurred from fixed assets, investment properties and inventories which require construction or production activities
                  for more than 1 year, and can reached usable or sale condition after that. Borrowing costs start capitalization
                  when the assets expense and borrowing costs were incurred and the construction or production activities, in order
                  to make assets to reach the expected usable or sale condition have started; When construction or assets that
                  fulfil the capitalization conditions reached the expected usable or sale condition, the capitalization have to be
                  terminated. Borrowing costs incurred afterward are included into the profit or loss for current period. If assets that fulfil
                  capitalization conditions interrupted abnormally during construction or production progress, and such interruption
                  occurred for more than three consecutive months, capitalization of borrowing costs have to terminate, until
                  construction of assets or production activities resumed.

                  During each accounting period within the capitalization period, the Group recognizes the amount of borrowing costs
                  capitalized as follows: for specialized borrowings, the amount is determined based on the actual interest expenses
                  incurred during the period, less the interest income from unused borrowings deposited in the bank or the investment
                  income from temporary investments; for general borrowings, the amount is determined by multiplying the weighted
                  average of asset expenditures exceeding the specific borrowings by the capitalization rate of the general borrowings,
                  where the capitalization rate is calculated based on the weighted average interest rate of general borrowings.

            20.   Intangible assets

                  The Group’s intangible assets mainly include land use right, trademark right, proprietary technology, and sales
                  channel etc. Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible assets,
                  actual paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets invested by investors,
                  the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment contract or agreement, while for
                  the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is determined at the fair value. However, intangible
                  assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are owned by the acquiree but not recognised in its
                  financial statements are recognised at fair value on initial recognition.




76
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       20.   Intangible assets — Continued

             (1)   Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review procedure

                    The Group amortizes land use right on the basis of its useful life by straight line method since it is acquired.
                    Other intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful life, stipulated
                    beneficial year by contract, and legal available year, the Group’s intangible assets with limited useful lives are
                    as follows:

                    Item                                                                                            Useful lives (years)

                    Land use rights                                                                                               20-70
                    Trademark rights                                                                                                  5
                    Know-how                                                                                                         10
                    Sales channels                                                                                                   10
                    Others                                                                                                         3-10

                    Note:   The useful life of the land use right is determined according to the transfer period.


                    The amount amortised is charged to the cost of the related assets and to current profit or loss on the basis
                    of the beneficiary of the assets. The estimated useful lives and amortisation methods of intangible assets
                    with finite useful lives are reviewed at the end of each year, and any changes are treated as changes in
                    accounting estimates.

                    In each accounting period, the Group reviews the estimated useful life of intangible assets with uncertain useful
                    lives. If there is evidence showing that the period during which the intangible assets bring economic benefits
                    to the enterprise is foreseeable, the useful life is estimated and amortized according to the amortization policy
                    for intangible assets with limited useful lives.

             (2)   Scope of research and development expenditure and related accounting treatment

                    The Group’s research and development expenditure includes salaries of research and development
                    personnel, direct investment expenses, depreciation and prepayment expenses, and other expenses.

                    The Group distinguishes the expenditure of internal research and development projects into research phase
                    expenditure and development phase expenditure according to the nature of the expenditure and whether
                    the intangible assets formed by the research and development activities have high uncertainty. Research
                    phase expenditure is included in current profit or loss when incurred. Expenditure in the development phase
                    is capitalized if all of the following conditions are met: The Group evaluates that the intangible assets can
                    be used or sold technically; The Group has the intention to complete and use or sell the intangible assets;
                    The intangible assets are expected to generate economic benefits for the Group; The Group has sufficient
                    technical, financial resources and other resources to support the completion of the development of the
                    intangible assets and the ability to use or sell the intangible assets; The expenditure attributable to the
                    development phase of the intangible assets can be measured reliably. Expenditures in the development
                    phase that do not meet the criteria for capitalization are included in current profit or loss when incurred.




                                                                                                                                           77
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            21.   Impairment of long-term assets

                  The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties measured by
                  the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-to-use assets and intangible assets with limited useful
                  lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is indication that there is impairment, the Group would perform
                  impairment test. Impairment test should be made for goodwill and intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the
                  year end regardless of whether there is indication of impairment loss.

                  (1)    Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (other than goodwill)

                         When conducting impairment testing, the Group determines its recoverable amount based on the higher of
                         the net amount after deducting disposal expenses from the fair value of the asset and the present value of
                         the expected future cash flows of the asset. After impairment testing, if the book value of the asset exceeds its
                         recoverable amount, the difference is recognised as impairment loss.

                         The Group estimates its recoverable amount based on individual assets. If it is difficult to estimate the
                         recoverable amount of individual assets, the recoverable amount shall be determined based on the asset
                         group to which the asset belongs. The recognition of an asset group is based on whether the main cash
                         inflows generated by the asset group are independent of the cash inflows of other assets or asset groups.

                         The net amount after deducting disposal costs from fair value is determined by referring to the agreed price
                         for the sales of a similar asset in an orderly transaction occurring at the measurement date or observable
                         market price of similar assets in fair trade, minus the incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of
                         the asset. When estimating the present value of future cash flows, the management determines the present
                         value based on the expected future cash flows to be generated from the continued use of the asset and
                         its eventual disposal and select an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of future cash
                         flows.

                  (2)    Goodwill impairment

                         The Group amortises the book value of the goodwill arising from business combinations to the relevant asset
                         groups starting from the purchase date, allocating it to those asset groups that can be reasonably attributed,
                         and to the relevant asset group combinations when it is difficult to allocate them to specific asset groups.
                         When conducting impairment tests on relevant asset groups or asset group combinations that include
                         goodwill, if there are indications of impairment related to the asset groups or asset group combinations
                         associated with goodwill, the Group first performs an impairment test on the asset groups or asset group
                         combinations that do not include goodwill, calculates the recoverable amount, and compares it with the
                         relevant carrying amount to recognize the corresponding impairment loss. Subsequently, an impairment test
                         is conducted on the asset groups or asset group combinations that include goodwill, comparing the carrying
                         amount with the recoverable amount. If the recoverable amount is less than the carrying amount, the amount
                         of impairment loss is first deducted from the book value of goodwill allocated to the asset groups or asset
                         group combinations, and then, based on the proportion of the book value of other assets, excluding goodwill,
                         within the asset groups or asset group combinations, the book value of other assets are proportionately
                         reduced.

                         An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent period.




78
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       22.   Long-term prepaid expenses

             Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be recognised as
             expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Such expenses are amortised on average
             during the benefit period. If a long-term prepaid expense item cannot benefit subsequent accounting periods, the
             amortised value of the item that has not yet been amortised shall be fully transferred to the profit or loss for current
             period.

       23.   Employee remuneration

             Employee remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment benefits, termination
             benefits and other long-term benefits.

             Short-term remuneration mainly includes staff salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare, medical
             insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium, housing provident funds,
             union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary welfare etc. Short-term remuneration
             incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided services is recognised as a liability, and included in
             profit or loss for the current period or as related asset cost in accordance with beneficiaries.

             Post-employment benefits mainly include basic pension insurance premiums, unemployment insurance, etc., and are
             classified as defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans according to the risks and obligations borne by the
             company. For defined contribution plans, the contributions payable to the independent entity for services provided
             by employees during the accounting period at the balance sheet date are recognized as a liability and included in
             the profit or loss for the current period or the cost of relevant assets according to the beneficiary.

             The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme which requires contributions to be made to an independently
             managed fund. No fund has been injected to the scheme, and the cost of providing the benefit under the defined
             benefit scheme is based on the expected cumulative benefit unit method. Re-measurements arising from the defined
             benefit pension scheme, including actuarial gains or losses, changes in the impact of asset ceilings (net of amounts
             included in net interest on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) and returns on assets under the scheme (net
             of amounts included in net interest on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) shall be recognised immediately
             in the balance sheet. They shall be included in the shareholders’ equity through other comprehensive income
             for the period in which they occur, and not reversed to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The Group recognises
             past service costs as current expenses on the date of modification of the defined benefit scheme or the date of
             recognition of relevant restructuring expenses or dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier.

             Termination benefits are employee benefits provided by the Group for terminating the employment relationship with
             employees before the expiration of the employment contract or for encouraging employees to accept voluntary
             redundancy. The Group recognizes a liability for termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: when the
             Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits or when the Group recognizes costs for a restructuring that
             involves the payment of termination benefits.




                                                                                                                                        79
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            24.   Accrued liabilities

                  The Group recognises it as a liability when an obligation pertinent to contingencies such as pending litigation or
                  arbitration, product quality assurance on guaranteed products, etc. simultaneously meets the following conditions:
                  The obligation is a current obligation borne by the Group; it is likely that an outflow of economic benefits will be
                  resulted from the performance of the obligation; and the amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.

                  Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the necessary expenses required for the performance
                  of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks, uncertainties, time value of money and other factors
                  pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the current best estimates and makes adjustments to the carrying
                  amount of the accrued liabilities on the balance sheet date.

                  Contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired in a business combination not under common control are measured
                  at fair value at the time of initial recognition and be subsequently measured at the higher of the recognised amount
                  of accrued liabilities or the balance after deducting the accumulated amortisation amount determined by the
                  revenue recognition principle from the initial recognition amount.

            25.   Share-based payments

                  The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on the fair value
                  of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled share-based payment can
                  be vested immediately upon grant, it shall be included in relevant costs or expenses according to the fair value of
                  equity instruments on the grant date, and the capital reserves shall be increased accordingly. If the equity-settled
                  share-based payment cannot be vested until the services are completed in vesting period or until the prescribed
                  performance conditions are met, then on each balance sheet date within the vesting period, the services acquired
                  during the period shall be included in relevant costs or expenses and capital reserves according to the fair value of
                  equity instruments on the grant date, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments. If the
                  terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, acquired services are recognised at least as if the
                  terms had not been modified. In addition, modifications that increase the fair value of equity instruments granted,
                  or changes that are beneficial to employees on the date of modification, are recognised as an increase in services
                  acquired.

                  If equity-settled share-based payments are cancelled, they shall be treated as accelerated exercise on the date
                  of cancellation, and the unrecognised amount shall be recognised immediately. If employees or other parties
                  can choose to satisfy the non-exercisable conditions but fail to do so within the vesting period, it shall be treated
                  as cancellation of the equity-settled share-based payment. However, if a new equity instrument is granted and
                  it is determined on the date of grant that the new equity instrument is intended to replace the cancelled equity
                  instrument, the substitute equity instrument granted shall be treated in the same manner as the modification to the
                  terms and conditions of the original equity instrument.




80
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       26.   Recognition and measurement of revenue

             (1)   General principles

                   The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is fulfilled, i.e. when “control”
                   of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customers.
                   Acquiring control over relevant goods or services means to be able to dominate the use of such goods or the
                   provision of such services and obtain almost all economic benefits from them.

                   A performance obligation is a contractual commitment by the Group to transfer clearly distinguishable goods
                   to a customer. The Group’s performance obligations are fulfilled within a certain period of time if one of the
                   following conditions is met; otherwise, they are fulfilled at a certain point in time: ① the customer acquires
                   and consumes the economic benefits arising from the Group’s performance at the same time as the Group’s
                   performance; ② the customer can control the goods that are under progress in the course of the Group’s
                   performance; ③the goods that are produced in the course of the Group’s performance have irreplaceable
                   usages and the Group is entitled to receive payment for the cumulative portion of performance completed to
                   date throughout the contract period.

                   The Group recognises the revenue on the basis of the progress of performance of a contractual obligation
                   that is to be performed within a certain period of time. When the progress of performance is not reasonably
                   certain, the Group recognises the revenue at the amount of costs incurred until such time as the progress of
                   performance is reasonably certain, provided that the costs incurred are expected to be reimbursed.

                   For performance obligations fulfilled at a point in time, the Group recognises revenue at the point in time
                   when the customer obtains control of the relevant goods. In determining whether the customer has obtained
                   control of the goods, the Group takes into account the following indications: ① the Group has a present right
                   to receive payment for the goods, i.e. the customer has a present obligation to pay for the goods; ② the
                   Group has transferred the legal ownership of the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has legal ownership
                   to the goods; ③ the Group has physically transferred the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has
                   physical possession of the goods; ④the Group has transferred to the customer the principal risks and rewards
                   of ownership of the goods, i.e. the customer has acquired the principal risks and rewards of ownership of the
                   goods; ⑤ the customer has accepted the goods; and ⑥ other indications that the customer has acquired
                   control of the goods.




                                                                                                                                    81
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            26.   Recognition and measurement of revenue — Continued

                  (1)   General principles — Continued

                        When a contract has two or more performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each
                        one based on the relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or services on the commencement
                        date of contract. Revenue is then recognized using this allocated transaction price for each obligation.

                        The transaction price is the amount of consideration that the Group is expected to be entitled to receive due
                        to the transfer of goods or services to customers, excluding payments received on behalf of third parties and
                        amounts expected to be refunded to the customer. In determining the transaction price, the Group considers
                        the impact of variable consideration, the existence of significant financing elements in the contract and other
                        factors.

                        For contracts that contain variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which
                        it will be entitled using either the expected value method or the most likely amount. The estimated amount
                        of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is highly probable that
                        such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated
                        with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. At each balance sheet date, the Group updates the
                        estimated transaction price.

                        The Group determines whether its identity at the time of performing a transaction is that of a principal or
                        an agent based on whether it has control over the goods prior to transferring the goods to the customer.
                        If the Group is able to control the goods before transferring them to the customer, the Group is a principal
                        and recognizes revenue based on the total amount of consideration received or receivable; otherwise, the
                        Group, as an agent, recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or handling fees to which it is
                        expected to be entitled, which shall be determined based on either the net amount of the total consideration
                        received or receivable less the price payable to other related parties or the established commission amount
                        or proportion.

                        Based on contractual agreements, legal provisions, etc., the Group provides quality assurance for goods
                        sold, which is a guarantee-type quality assurance to assure customers that the goods sold meet the established
                        standards, and the Group accounts for it in accordance with Note III.24. Accrued liabilities.

                  (2)   Specific methods

                        The revenue of the Group mainly includes revenue from sale of goods.

                        The sale of products by the Group to customers is the fulfilment of its performance obligation at a certain point
                        of time as mention in (1) above, and revenue is recognised at the point of delivery and acceptance of the
                        goods by the customer and the transaction price is determined based on the total amount of consideration
                        expected to be entitled, in accordance with the sales contracts entered into between the Group and the
                        customer. Domestic sales business: Revenue is recognised when the goods are delivered by the Group
                        according to the contract or order and received by the customer. Overseas sales business: It is generally
                        agreed in the sales contracts signed between the Group and overseas customers that the point of time at
                        which the control over the goods is transferred is when the goods are loaded onto ships and depart from
                        the ports. Therefore, the Group recognises the overseas sales revenue from its major overseas sales business
                        when the goods depart from the ports.




82
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       27.   Government grants

             Government grants are recognised when they meet the accompanying conditions and can be received.
             Government grants that are monetary assets shall be measured at the amount actually received. Grants, which
             are disbursed according to fixed quota standard or where there is conclusive evidence at the end of the year that
             they can satisfy relevant conditions set out in the financial support policy and that the financial support funds are
             expected to be received, shall be measured at the amount receivable. Government grants in the form of non-
             monetary assets shall be measured at fair value. If the fair value cannot be reliably measured, they shall be measured
             at a nominal amount (RMB 1).

             Government grants of the Group consist of asset-related government grants and income-related government grants.
             Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained for acquisition or construction of long-term
             assets or other forms of long-term asset formation; income-related government grants refer to those other than asset-
             related government grants. If related government documents do not specify targets of the grants, the Group will
             recognise the grants according to the above principle, and if it’s difficult to distinguish, they shall be recognised as
             the income-related government grants as a whole.

             Asset-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss over the
             useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. If relevant assets are sold, transferred, scrapped
             or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the balance of undistributed deferred income shall be transferred to
             profit or loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of.

             Income-related government grants, which are used to compensate for related expenses or losses to be incurred in
             the subsequent periods, shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss over the periods in
             which the related costs or losses are recognised. Government grants related to daily activities, depending on the
             essence of economic business, are included in other income or used to offset relevant expenses. Government grants
             not related to daily activities are included in non-operating income or expenses.

             If the Group obtains policy-based preferential loan interest subsidies, the accounting treatment shall be distinguished
             between the following two situations: (1) If the financial funds are allocated to the loan bank, and the loan bank
             provides loans to the Group at a preferential policy interest rate, the Group shall record the actual loan amount
             received as the entry value of the loan, and calculate the relevant borrowing costs according to the principal of
             the loan and the policy preferential interest rate (or the fair value of the loan shall be recorded as the entry value of
             the loan and the borrowing costs shall be calculated according to the actual interest rate method. The difference
             between the actual amount received and the fair value of the loan shall be recognised as deferred income. The
             deferred income shall be amortised using the actual interest rate method during the loan period to offset the relevant
             borrowing costs). (2) Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds directly to the Group, the Group
             will offset relevant borrowing costs with the corresponding subsidised funds.




                                                                                                                                         83
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            28.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                  The Group’s deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are recognised on the basis of (temporary
                  differences) arising from differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amount, as well
                  as from differences between the tax bases and their carrying amount of items that are not recognised as assets and
                  liabilities but whose tax bases can be determined according to tax laws.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences, except in the following
                  circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of goodwill or the initial recognition of
                  assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are not business combinations and that affect neither the accounting
                  profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); (2) taxable temporary differences associated with investments
                  in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
                  temporary differences and such temporary differences are likely not to be reversed in the foreseeable future.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax
                  credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available against which the deductible
                  temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised, except in the following circumstances: (1)
                  temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in transactions other than business
                  combinations that affect neither accounting profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); and (2) deductible
                  temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that can not simultaneously
                  satisfy the following conditions: temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future, and taxable
                  income is likely to be obtained in the future to offset deductible temporary differences.

                  The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for all unused deductible losses to the extent that it is likely that
                  sufficient taxable income will be available to offset the deductible losses. The management uses considerable
                  judgements in estimating the time and amount of future taxable income, and determines the amount of deferred
                  income tax assets to be recognised by taking into account the tax planning strategies, thus resulting in uncertainty.

                  On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax rate during
                  the expected period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled.

                  The Group presents deferred income tax assets and liabilities as net amounts after offsetting when all of the following
                  conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets and current deferred income
                  tax liabilities on a net basis; deferred income tax assets and liabilities are related to income tax levied by the same
                  tax collection and management authority on the same taxpayer or on different taxpayers. However, for each future
                  period in which significant deferred income tax assets and liabilities are reversed, the taxpayers involved intend to
                  either settle the current income tax assets and liabilities on a net basis or to acquire the assets and settle the liabilities
                  simultaneously.

            29.   Lease

                  (1)     Identification of lease

                          At the commencement date of the contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease or contains
                          a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right of use of an identified asset or several identified assets for
                          consideration within a certain period of time, such contract is regarded as lease or includes lease.

                          Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract and conduct
                          accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases.




84
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       29.   Lease — Continued

             (2)   The Group as a lessee

                   1)    Lease recognition

                          Except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets, the Group recognises right-of-use assets and
                          lease liabilities of the lease at the inception of the lease term.

                          The right-of-use assets refer to the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the Group as a
                          lessee, which are initially measured at cost. Such cost shall comprise: ① the amount of the initial
                          measurement of the lease liability; ② any lease payments made on or before the inception of the
                          lease, less any lease incentives received; ③ any initial direct costs incurred; and ④ an estimate of
                          costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the
                          site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and
                          conditions of the lease (costs of production of inventory are excluded). If the Group re-measures lease
                          liability in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, the carrying amount of the
                          right-of-use assets shall be adjusted accordingly.

                          The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the expected consumption
                          of the economic benefits associated with the right-of-use assets. If it can reasonably determined that
                          ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall
                          be accrued within the remaining useful life of the leased asset; if it can not be reasonably determined
                          that ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation
                          shall be accrued within the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever is
                          shorter. The depreciation amount accrued is included in the cost of relevant asset or current profit or
                          loss based on the use of the right-of-use asset.

                          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease payments at the
                          inception of the lease term. The lease payments include: ① the fixed payment and the substantial
                          fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount; ② the variable lease payments depending on the
                          index or ratio; ③ the exercise price of the call option, provided that the Group reasonably determines
                          that it will exercise the option; ④ the amount payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease,
                          provided that the lease term reflects that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; and
                          ⑤ the amount payable based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.

                          In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine the interest rate
                          implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall be adopted as the discount rate.
                          The Group shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease liabilities for each period of the lease term
                          at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include them in profit or loss for the current period, expect for
                          those subject to capitalisation.

                          Subsequent to the inception of the lease term, the Group increases the carrying amount of the lease
                          liability at the time of recognising interest on the lease liability, and decreases the carrying amount
                          of the lease liability at the time of making lease payments. When there is a change in the substantive
                          fixed payments, a change in the expected payable amount for the residual value of the guarantee,
                          a change in the index or ratio used to determine the amount of lease payments, or a change in the
                          valuation result or actual exercise of the option of purchase, renewal or termination, the Group will re-
                          measure the lease liability based on the present value of lease payments as a result of the change.




                                                                                                                                       85
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

            29.   Lease — Continued

                  (2)    The Group as a lessee — Continued

                         2)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                                 For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value asset leases
                                 which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
                                 During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value
                                 assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other
                                 systematic and reasonable methods over the lease term./other systematic and reasonable methods.

                  (3)    The Group as a lessor

                         The Group as a lessor classifies the lease as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards
                         incidental to ownership of an underlying asset, and classifies other leases as operating leases.

                         1)     Finance lease

                                 At the inception of the lease term, the Group confirms the finance lease receivable on the finance
                                 lease and terminates the recognition of the finance lease assets. When the initial measurement of the
                                 finance lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group uses the net lease investment as the entry
                                 value of the finance lease receivables.

                                 The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present value of rental
                                 receipts that has not been received at the inception of the lease term, which is discounted according
                                 to the interest rate implicit in lease. The Group calculates and recognises interest income for each
                                 period of the lease term based on a fixed periodic interest rate. The variable lease payments received
                                 by the Group that are not included in the net lease investment are recognised in profit or loss for the
                                 period in which they are actually incurred.

                         2)     Operating lease

                                 During each period of the lease term, the Group recognises the lease receipts from operating leases as
                                 rental income on a straight-line basis.

                                 The initial direct costs incurred in relation to operating leases by the Group are capitalised into the
                                 cost of the leased asset and are recognised in profit or loss over the lease term on the same basis as
                                 rental income. The variable lease payments related to operating leases obtained by the Group that
                                 are not included in the lease receipts are recognised in profit or loss when they are actually incurred.

                                 When there is a change in operating leases, the Group treats it as a new lease for accounting
                                 purposes from the effective date of the change, and the pre-received or receivable lease receipts
                                 related to the lease before the change are regarded as the receipts of the new lease.

            30.   Discontinued operations

                  Discontinued operations refer to the separately identifiable components of the Group that meet one of the following
                  conditions and have been disposed of or classified as held-for-sale: (1) the component represents an independent
                  major business or a separate major operating area; (2) the component is part of an associated plan to dispose of
                  an independent major business or a separate major operating area; (3) the component is a subsidiary acquired
                  exclusively for resale.




86
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES — Continued

       30.   Discontinued operations — Continued

             In the profit statement, the Group sets up “net profit from continuing operations” and “net profit from discontinued
             operations” under “net profit” to reflect the profit or loss related to continuing operations and discontinued
             operations, respectively, on an after-tax net basis. The profit and loss from discontinued operations shall be reported
             as discontinued operations income, including the entire reporting period, not just the reporting period after being
             identified as discontinued operations.

       31.   Fair value measurement

             The Group measures investment property, derivative financial instruments, and equity instrument investments at fair
             value at each balance sheet date. Fair value refers to the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
             transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

             Assets and liabilities measured or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements are classified into different
             fair value levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the overall fair value measurement: Level 1
             inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that can be accessed at the
             measurement date; Level 2 inputs are inputs other than Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
             directly or indirectly; Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

             At each balance sheet date, the Group reassesses assets and liabilities measured at fair value on an ongoing basis
             recognised in the financial statements to determine whether the level of fair value measurement should be changed.

       32.   Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates

             (1)    Changes in critical accounting policies

                    1)      There were no changes in critical accounting policies during the Reporting Period.

                    2)      Policy changes involving year-on-year data in semi-annual reports

                            The Ministry of Finance issued the “Interpretation No. 18 of Accounting Standards for Enterprises” on
                            6 December 2024. It stipulates that for the estimated liabilities arising from guarantee-type quality
                            guarantees that are not single performance obligations, the determined amounts should be recorded
                            in the “main operating costs” and “other operating costs”, and should no longer be recorded in the
                            “sales expense”. In accordance with the provisions of the above accounting interpretation, the group
                            made corresponding changes to its original accounting policies in 2024 and retrospectively adjusted
                            items such as “operating costs” and “sales expense” in its financial statements.

                            The impact of the above accounting policy changes on the items in the 2024 semi-annual
                            consolidated income statement is summarized as follows:

                            Item                                 Before adjustment              Adjustment       After adjustment

                            Operating costs                       38,291,675,401.05         240,034,724.24       38,531,710,125.29
                            Sales expenses                         4,959,752,440.46        -240,034,724.24        4,719,717,716.22


             (2)    Changes in critical accounting estimates

                    Nil.




                                                                                                                                       87
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     IV.   TAXATION

           1.    The main types and rates of taxes

                 Type of taxes                                     Tax basis                                                                Tax rate

                 Value-added tax                                   Output value-added tax is computed                    13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%, 0%
                                                                     at 13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%, 0% of taxable
                                                                     income. Value-added tax is computed
                                                                     on the difference after deduction of
                                                                     input value-added tax. Input value-
                                                                     added tax is not deductible for value-
                                                                     added tax to which simple collection
                                                                     method is applicable.
                 City maintenance and construction tax             Turnover tax payable                                                    5%, 7%
                 Education surcharges                              Turnover tax payable                                                        3%
                 Enterprise income tax                             Taxable income                                         25%/for details, please
                                                                                                                            see the table below

                 Note:   The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are located.


                 Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

                 Name of tax payer                                                                                               Income tax rate

                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                       15.00%
                 Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                                          15.00%
                 Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                           15.00%
                 Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                       15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                                                          15.00%
                 Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                                                    15.00%
                 Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                                                 15.00%
                 Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                        15.00%
                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd.                                                                            25.00%
                 Foshan Hisense Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                                                20.00%
                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                                 15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                                               15.00%
                 Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                                                          15.00%
                 Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited                                                                      15.00%
                 Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd.                                                                            15.00%
                 Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.                                                                      20.00%
                 Kelon International Incorporation(KII)                                                                              8.25%/16.5%
                 Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                                              16.50%
                 Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                                              16.50%
                 Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Limited.                                                                  16.50%
                 Hisense Mould (Deutschland) GmbH                                                                                         15.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                                       30.00%
                 Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                                 30.00%
                 HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd.                                                                                               17.00%
                 HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 20.00%
                 Sanden Corporation                                                                                                       30.50%
                 SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                                                                                       30.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                                                                                       28.00%
                 SANDEN VIKAS(INDIA) LTD.                                                                                                 35.00%
                 SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                                                                                 30.00%
                 Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                                                           15.00%
                 Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                                              5%-34%



88
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


IV.   TAXATION — Continued

      2.    Tax preferences

            (1)   Enterprise income tax

                   On 28 December 2023, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                   received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344003724, with an effective period
                   of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology,
                   Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial
                   Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                   On 28 December 2023, Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                   Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002886, with an effective period of three years),
                   which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and Technology, Guangdong
                   Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation
                   Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                   On 9 November 2023, Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate
                   of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101305, with an effective period of three years), which
                   was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of
                   Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                   adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                   On 9 November 2023, Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate
                   of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101226, with an effective period of three years), which
                   was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of
                   Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                   adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                   On 9 November 2023, Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the Certificate
                   of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337100712, with an effective period of three years), which
                   was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology, Qingdao Municipal Bureau of
                   Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has
                   adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                   On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                   Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202437101032, with an
                   effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of Science and
                   Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao
                   Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2024, 2025
                   and 2026.

                   On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                   received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202437100719, with an effective period
                   of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of Science and Technology,
                   Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Provincial
                   Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2024, 2025 and 2026.




                                                                                                                                     89
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     IV.   TAXATION — Continued

           2.    Tax preferences — Continued

                 (1)   Enterprise income tax — Continued

                        On 28 December 2023, Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited, a subsidiary of the
                        Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002235, with an
                        effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science
                        and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                        Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                        2023, 2024 and 2025.

                        On 29 December 2023, Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                        received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337102273, with an effective period
                        of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of Science and Technology,
                        Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Provincial
                        Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2024, 2025 and 2026.

                        Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, belongs to an encouraged industrial
                        enterprise located in the western region. In accordance with relevant provisions of the Announcement [2020]
                        No. 23 of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the National Development and
                        Reform Commission on Continuing the Enterprise Income Tax Policies for the Large-Scale Development of
                        Western China, the applicable enterprises income tax rate for this subsidiary is 15% from 1 January 2021 to 31
                        December 2030.

                        Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the identification standards
                        for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12, pursuant to which, the taxable
                        income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax was paid at the rate of 20% in 2025.

                        Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the identification
                        standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12, pursuant to which, the
                        taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax was paid at the rate of 20%
                        in 2025.

                        The subsidiaries of the Company which were incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to an enterprise income
                        tax on the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following rates: ① for KII:
                        a rate of 8.25% is applied to the part which does not exceed HK$2,000,000, while a rate of 16.5% is applied to
                        the part which exceeds HK$2,000,000; ② for other Hong Kong subsidiaries: a rate of 16.5% is applied to all of
                        them.

                 (2)   Other tax preferences

                        In accordance with relevant provisions of the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration
                        of Taxation on Value-added Tax Policies for Software Products (Cai Shui [2011] No. 100), the subsidiaries of
                        the Company, including Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                        Freezer Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.,
                        Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner Co., Ltd., Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.
                        and Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., will enjoy the tax incentives of immediate
                        collection and refund for the portion of the embedded software products with the actual VAT burden of more
                        than 3%.




90
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      For the following disclosed financial statement information, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the balance
      as at 1 January 2025; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 30 June 2025. “Current Period” refers to the period
      from 1 January to 30 June 2025; “Previous Period” refers to the period from 1 January to 30 June 2024. The Currency is
      denominated in RMB.

      1.     Cash at bank and on hand

             Item                                                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

             Cash on hand                                                                        222,230.66            116,974.19
             Bank deposits                                                                 1,363,819,941.42        876,524,372.96
             Other cash at bank and on hand                                                1,664,320,978.18      1,971,151,786.40
             Deposit in financial company                                                  2,128,889,964.50      1,549,900,310.18
             Including: Bank deposits                                                      1,890,319,464.07      1,301,400,309.75
                        Other cash at bank and on hand                                       238,570,500.43        248,500,000.43


             Total                                                                        5,157,253,114.76      4,397,693,443.73


             Including: Total amount deposited overseas                                    1,111,000,635.77        667,561,849.36


             Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

             Item                                                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

             Deposit for issuing bank acceptance bills                                     1,815,928,981.20      2,131,097,996.59
             Other security deposit                                                           74,322,626.04         75,326,840.59


             Total                                                                        1,890,251,607.24      2,206,424,837.18


      2.     Transactional financial assets

             Item                                                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       20,273,703,348.81      16,209,276,762.85
             Including: Derivative financial instruments                                     18,991,207.64          46,567,199.63
                        Wealth management products                                       20,252,445,558.88      16,160,317,466.81
                        Others                                                                2,266,582.29           2,392,096.41


             Total                                                                       20,273,703,348.81     16,209,276,762.85




                                                                                                                                     91
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           3.    Notes receivable

                 (1)   As shown by classification of notes receivable

                        Item                                                                   Closing balance              Opening balance

                        Bank acceptance notes                                                      50,739,706.36                6,497,691.77
                        Commercial acceptance notes                                               228,235,689.61              452,515,807.88


                        Total                                                                    278,975,395.97               459,013,499.65


                        Notes to notes receivable: notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection) were
                        presented as notes receivable by the Group, and notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for
                        collection) and selling of these notes (endorsed or discounted) were presented as receivable financing by
                        the Group.

                 (2)   As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                       Closing balance
                        Category                                 Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                Amount            %             Amount                 %       Carrying amount

                        Separate provision for bad debt
                        Provision for bad debts on
                          a group basis                   279,175,395.97      100.00          200,000.00             0.07        278,975,395.97
                        Including:
                        Bank acceptance notes              50,739,706.36       18.17                                              50,739,706.36
                        Commercial acceptance notes       228,435,689.61       81.83          200,000.00             0.09        228,235,689.61


                        Total                             279,175,395.97      100.00         200,000.00              0.07        278,975,395.97


                        (continued)

                                                                                       Opening balance
                        Category                                 Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                Amount            %             Amount                 %       Carrying amount

                        Separate provision for bad debt
                        Provision for bad debts on
                          a group basis                   459,014,384.40      100.00             884.75              0.00        459,013,499.65
                        Including:
                        Bank acceptance notes               6,497,691.77        1.42                                               6,497,691.77
                        Commercial acceptance notes       452,516,692.63       98.58             884.75              0.00        452,515,807.88


                        Total                             459,014,384.40      100.00             884.75              0.00        459,013,499.65




92
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      3.    Notes receivable — Continued

            (2)   As shown by provision for bad debts — Continued

                  1)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for bank acceptance notes

                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                        Provision for
                              Name                                            Book value                  bad debts                         %

                              Acceptor being a bank
                               with low credit risk                         50,739,706.36


                              Total                                        50,739,706.36                                                        –


                  2)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for commercial acceptance notes

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                        Provision for
                              Name                                            Book value                  bad debts                         %

                              Acceptor being a related
                               party company                              196,487,017.39
                              Acceptor being other types
                               of company                                   31,948,672.22                 200,000.00                     0.63


                              Total                                      228,435,689.61                  200,000.00                             –


            (3)   Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current period

                                                                                   Changes during the period
                                                                                                                       Effect of
                                                                                                                    changes in
                                                      Opening                      Recoveries        Write-off or    exchange         Closing
                   Category                           balance          Provision   or reversals      charge-off            rate      balance

                   Commercial acceptance notes             884.75   199,115.25                                                     200,000.00


                   Total                               884.75       199,115.25                                                     200,000.00




                                                                                                                                                    93
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           3.    Notes receivable — Continued

                 (4)   Notes receivable pledged as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                                       Pledged amount
                                                                                                                                              at the end
                        Item                                                                                                               of the period

                        Bank acceptance notes                                                                                              50,739,706.36


                        Total                                                                                                              50,739,706.36


                        Note:    For details of the pledge, please refer to Note 6.(24). Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use.


                 (5)   Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the period but not mature at the balance sheet
                       date

                                                                                                                      Amount                Amount not
                                                                                                               derecognised               derecognised
                                                                                                                   at the end                 at the end
                        Item                                                                                    of the period              of the period

                        Commercial acceptance notes                                                                                        25,596,768.45


                        Total                                                                                                              25,596,768.45


                 (6)   Notes receivable written-off during the period

                        There was no notes receivable written-off during the period.

           4.    Accounts receivable

                 (1)   Accounts receivable by ageing

                                                                                                                  Book value           Book value as at
                                                                                                                as at the end            the beginning
                        Ageing                                                                                  of the period             of the period

                        Within three months                                                                11,711,216,460.67            9,636,006,962.35
                        Over three months but within six months                                               289,381,606.30              439,426,145.09
                        Over six months but within one year                                                   235,463,941.28              160,377,425.51
                        Over one year                                                                         528,444,949.02              554,775,266.31


                        Total                                                                             12,764,506,957.27          10,790,585,799.26




94
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      4.    Accounts receivable — Continued

            (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                Book value                Provision for bad debts
                   Category                                    Amount            %             Amount                  %    Carrying amount

                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     separately made                      85,098,020.65        0.67       81,474,941.39             95.74        3,623,079.26
                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     made on a group basis            12,679,408,936.62       99.33      215,544,555.99              1.70   12,463,864,380.63
                   Including:
                   Ageing analysis method              2,898,524,951.14       22.71      130,149,959.91              4.49    2,768,374,991.23
                   Receivables from related parties    7,785,683,782.68       60.99       11,294,074.13              0.15    7,774,389,708.55
                   Other account payments              1,995,200,202.80       15.63       74,100,521.95              3.71    1,921,099,680.85


                   Total                              12,764,506,957.27      100.00      297,019,497.38             2.33    12,467,487,459.89


                   (continued)

                                                                                      Opening balance
                                                                Book value                Provision for bad debts
                   Category                                    Amount            %             Amount                  %    Carrying amount

                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     separately made                     133,785,840.82        1.24      102,295,699.38             76.46       31,490,141.44
                   Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     made on a group basis            10,656,799,958.44       98.76      207,680,201.72              1.95   10,449,119,756.72
                   Including:
                   Ageing analysis method              1,713,156,715.42       15.88      130,957,148.52              7.64    1,582,199,566.90
                   Receivables from related parties    6,565,282,860.41       60.84       11,726,653.49              0.18    6,553,556,206.92
                   Other account payments              2,378,360,382.61       22.04       64,996,399.71              2.73    2,313,363,982.90


                   Total                              10,790,585,799.26      100.00      309,975,901.10             2.87    10,480,609,898.16




                                                                                                                                                95
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           4.    Accounts receivable — Continued

                 (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                       1)     Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                                                              Closing balance
                                                                                        Provision for
                              Name                                  Book value            bad debts              %        Reasons for provision

                              Domestic customers                 85,098,020.65        81,474,941.39          95.74        Expected to be difficult
                                                                                                                            to recover in full


                              Total                              85,098,020.65        81,474,941.39              –        –


                       2)     Among the group, accounts receivable for which provision for bad debts is made by aging analysis
                              method:

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                          Provision for
                              Ageing                                            Book value                  bad debts                           %

                              Within three months                          2,742,227,339.03               5,484,454.68                       0.20
                              Over three months but within
                                six months                                    32,277,520.97               3,227,752.10                      10.00
                              Over six months but within one year              5,164,676.02               2,582,338.01                      50.00
                              Over one year                                  118,855,415.12             118,855,415.12                     100.00


                              Total                                       2,898,524,951.14           130,149,959.91                          4.49


                              Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made provision
                                       for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                       3)     Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by receivables from related
                              parties:

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                          Provision for
                              Ageing                                            Book value                  bad debts                           %

                              Within one year                              7,774,389,708.55
                              Over one year                                   11,294,074.13              11,294,074.13                     100.00


                              Total                                       7,785,683,782.68              11,294,074.13                        0.15




96
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      4.    Accounts receivable — Continued

            (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                  4)        Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by other amount:

                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                          Provision for
                              Category                                            Book value                bad debts                           %

                              Other account payments                       1,995,200,202.80             74,100,521.95                         3.71


                              Total                                       1,995,200,202.80              74,100,521.95                        3.71


            (3)   Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current
                  period

                                                                                        Changes during the period
                                                           Opening                      Recoveries       Write-off or  Changes in          Closing
                   Category                                balance         Provision    or reversals     charge-off exchange rate         balance

                   Separate provision                 102,295,699.38   -20,820,757.99                                                 81,474,941.39
                   Ageing analysis method             130,957,148.52      -603,248.71                    -203,939.90                 130,149,959.91
                   Receivables from related parties    11,726,653.49      -429,212.21                                      -3,367.15 11,294,074.13
                   Other account payments              64,996,399.71    11,087,918.57                  -2,064,933.49      81,137.16 74,100,521.95


                   Total                              309,975,901.10 -10,765,300.34                    -2,268,873.39      77,770.01 297,019,497.38


            (4)   Accounts receivable written-off

                   Item                                                                                                     Written-off amount

                   Accounts receivable written-off                                                                                  2,268,873.39


            (5)   Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors and contract assets

                   The total top five accounts receivable of the Group by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                   RMB6,382,234,085.36, accounting for 50.00%% of the closing balance of account receivable. A provision for
                   bad debts of RMB1,222,049.72 in total was made as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                                      97
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

           5.    Contract assets

                 (1)   Contract assets

                                                                              Closing balance                                           Opening balance
                                                                                   Provision for           Carrying                        Provision for          Carrying
                        Item                                    Book value           bad debts              amount        Book value         bad debts             amount

                        Guarantee                             95,116,269.90       14,268,750.47        80,847,519.43    66,062,456.97      9,852,409.09       56,210,047.88


                        Total                                 95,116,269.90    14,268,750.47       80,847,519.43       66,062,456.97       9,852,409.09      56,210,047.88


                 (2)   Contract assets by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                            Closing balance
                                                                        Book value                               Provision for bad debts
                        Category                                       Amount                      %                   Amount                  %           Carrying amount

                        Contract assets for which provision
                          for bad debts is separately made
                        Contract assets for which
                          provision for bad debts is
                          made on a group basis                   95,116,269.90              100.00              14,268,750.47             15.00              80,847,519.43
                        Including:
                        Guarantee                                 95,116,269.90              100.00              14,268,750.47             15.00              80,847,519.43


                        Total                                    95,116,269.90              100.00              14,268,750.47              15.00             80,847,519.43


                        (continued)

                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                        Book value                               Provision for bad debts
                        Category                                       Amount                      %                   Amount                  %           Carrying amount

                        Contract assets for which provision
                          for bad debts is separately made
                        Contract assets for which
                          provision for bad debts is
                          made on a group basis                   66,062,456.97              100.00               9,852,409.09             14.91              56,210,047.88
                        Including:
                        Guarantee                                 66,062,456.97              100.00               9,852,409.09             14.91              56,210,047.88


                        Total                                    66,062,456.97              100.00               9,852,409.09              14.91             56,210,047.88




98
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      5.    Contract assets — Continued

            (2)   Contract assets by provision for bad debts — Continued

                  1)       Contract assets for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision for
                           Name                                                   Book value                   bad debts                             %

                           Guarantee                                           95,116,269.90               14,268,750.47                         15.00


                           Total                                               95,116,269.90              14,268,750.47                                –


            (3)   Provision for bad debts of contract assets that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current period

                                                                                                                                        Write-off or
                                                                                        Provision for           Reversal for            charge-off
                   Item                                                                   the period             the period            for the year

                   Guarantee                                                            4,416,341.38


                   Total                                                                4,416,341.38


            (4)   Contract assets written-off for the period

                   There were no contract assets written-off for the period.

      6.    Receivables Financing

            (1)   Factoring of accounts receivable by category

                   Item                                                                                Closing balance           Opening balance

                   Bank acceptance notes                                                                5,801,365,693.05           6,000,519,893.99


                   Total                                                                               5,801,365,693.05           6,000,519,893.99


                   Note:   For details on the fair value, please refer to Note XI.(1). Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at
                           the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                                           99
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        6.    Receivables Financing — Continued

              (2)   Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                       Closing balance
                     Category                                    Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                Amount            %             Amount               %   Carrying amount

                     Factoring of accounts receivable
                       for which provision for bad
                       debts is separately made
                     Factoring of accounts receivable
                       for which provision for bad
                       debts is made on a group basis   5,801,365,693.05      100.00                                     5,801,365,693.05
                     Including:
                     Bank acceptance notes              5,801,365,693.05      100.00                                     5,801,365,693.05


                     Total                              5,801,365,693.05      100.00                                     5,801,365,693.05


                     (continued)

                                                                                       Opening balance
                     Category                                    Book value                Provision for bad debts
                                                                Amount            %             Amount               %   Carrying amount

                     Factoring of accounts receivable
                       for which provision for bad
                       debts is separately made
                     Factoring of accounts receivable
                       for which provision for bad
                       debts is made on a group basis   6,000,519,893.99      100.00                                     6,000,519,893.99
                     Including:
                     Bank acceptance notes              6,000,519,893.99      100.00                                     6,000,519,893.99


                     Total                              6,000,519,893.99      100.00                                     6,000,519,893.99


              (3)   Factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the period

                     There was no factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the period.




100
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      6.    Receivables Financing — Continued

            (4)     Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the period but not mature at the balance sheet
                    date

                                                                                                       Amount         Amount not
                                                                                                derecognised        derecognised
                                                                                                    at the end          at the end
                    Item                                                                         of the period       of the period

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                   7,149,003,136.57


                    Total                                                                  7,149,003,136.57


            (5)     Factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the period

                    There was no factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the period.

      7.    Other receivables

            Item                                                                           Closing balance       Opening balance

            Dividends receivable
            Other receivables                                                                   238,875,388.39     242,816,255.92


            Total                                                                               238,875,388.39     242,816,255.92


            7.1     Other receivables

                    (1)     Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                                Book value as    Book value as at
                                                                                                    at the end     the beginning
                            Nature of the amount                                                 of the period      of the period

                            Security deposit                                                     91,424,827.79      87,597,261.60
                            Refund of tax for exports                                                               13,599,113.05
                            Other current account                                               228,822,429.55     227,362,892.71


                            Total                                                               320,247,257.34     328,559,267.36




                                                                                                                                 101
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        7.    Other receivables — Continued

              7.1   Other receivables — Continued

                    (2)    Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                                                 Book value as
                                                                                                                                     at the end
                           Ageing                                                                                                 of the period

                           Within three months                                                                                   141,404,089.17
                           Over three months but within six months                                                                27,125,448.57
                           Over six months but within one year                                                                    37,886,990.42
                           Over one year                                                                                         113,830,729.18


                           Total                                                                                                 320,247,257.34


                    (3)    Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                                First stage         Second stage             Third stage
                                                              Expected credit      Lifetime expected      Lifetime expected
                                                                    loss in the   credit loss (without       credit loss (with
                           Provision for bad debts             next 12 months     credit impairment)     credit impairment)                Total

                           Balance as at 1 January 2025           2,145,922.18          69,039,068.77          14,558,020.49       85,743,011.44
                           During the period, the book
                             balance of other receivables
                             as at 1 January 2025                             –                     –                       –                  –
                             – transferred to second stage
                             – transferred to third stage
                             – reversed to second stage
                             – reversed to first stage
                           Provision for the period               2,018,095.65          -6,963,559.22                              -4,945,463.57
                           Reversal for the period
                           Written-off for the period
                           Charge-off for the period
                           Other changes                            135,128.48            439,192.60                                 574,321.08
                           Balance as at 30 June 2025             4,299,146.31         62,514,702.15          14,558,020.49       81,371,868.95


                           Note 1: The amount of other changes arises from the translation of the amount of provision for bad debts in the
                                    foreign currency statements of foreign subsidiaries using spot exchange rates at the balance sheet date.


                           Note 2: Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments since its
                                    initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the expected credit loss
                                    of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.




102
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      7.    Other receivables — Continued

            7.1   Other receivables — Continued

                  (4)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the current
                         period

                                                                                       Changes during the period
                                                         Opening                       Recoveries        Write-off or  Changes in            Closing
                         Category                        balance           Provision   or reversals      charge-off exchange rate           balance

                         Separate provision
                         Ageing analysis method      74,563,495.93     -1,969,846.90                                     135,128.48     72,728,777.51
                         Receivables from related
                           parties                    3,406,675.46 -2,480,670.79                                                           926,004.67
                         Other account payments       7,772,840.05     -494,945.88                                       439,192.60      7,717,086.77


                         Total                       85,743,011.44     -4,945,463.57                                    574,321.08     81,371,868.95


                         Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the period.


                  (5)    Other receivables actually written off

                         There were no other receivables actually written off for the period.

                  (6)    Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                                       of total
                                                                                                                       closing
                                                                                                                      balance          Provision for
                                                                                                                       of other          bad debts
                                                                           Closing                                 receivables             Closing
                         No.          Nature of the amount                balance      Ageing                               (%)           balance

                         Top 1        Security deposit               20,000,000.00     Over one year                      6.25        20,000,000.00
                         Top 2        Other current account          17,172,945.72     Within one year                    5.36           34,345.89
                         Top 3        Security deposit                7,890,440.00     Within one year                    2.46           303,842.08
                         Top 4        Other current account           7,500,000.00     Over one year                      2.34         7,500,000.00
                         Top 5        Other current account           4,050,656.24     Within one year                    1.26


                         Total        –                              56,614,041.96     –                                 17.67        27,838,187.97




                                                                                                                                                    103
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        8.    Prepayment

              (1)    Ageing of prepayments

                                                              Closing balance                         Opening balance
                     Item                                       Amount                  %                Amount                   %

                     Within one year                      425,002,655.82             99.72         521,439,148.61             99.49
                     Over one year                          1,212,238.53              0.28           2,651,829.56              0.51


                     Total                               426,214,894.35          100.00           524,090,978.17             100.00


                     The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with ageing of over one year as at the end of the
                     period.

              (2)    Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                     During the Reporting Period, the total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted
                     to RMB246,821,891.99, accounting for 57.91% of total closing balance of prepayments.

        9.    Inventories

              (1)    Classification of inventories

                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                                              Provision for
                     Item                                              Book value        declines in value      Carrying amount

                     Raw materials                                1,092,279,473.69            71,331,538.89         1,020,947,934.80
                     Works in progress                              652,404,627.37             6,517,749.09           645,886,878.28
                     Finished goods                               4,641,474,611.20            49,421,001.58         4,592,053,609.62


                     Total                                        6,386,158,712.26           127,270,289.56     6,258,888,422.70


                     (continued)

                                                                                       Opening balance
                                                                                              Provision for
                     Item                                              Book value        declines in value      Carrying amount

                     Raw materials                                1,289,564,874.18            60,245,563.60         1,229,319,310.58
                     Works in progress                              759,151,168.44             6,413,805.72           752,737,362.72
                     Finished goods                               5,647,835,914.41            62,959,633.32         5,584,876,281.09


                     Total                                        7,696,551,957.03           129,619,002.64     7,566,932,954.39




104
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      9.    Inventories — Continued

            (2)     Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                Increase during the period       Decrease during the period
                                                 Opening                          Changes in     Reversed or        Changes in           Closing
                    Item                         balance           Provision   exchange rate       written-off   exchange rate          balance

                    Raw materials            60,245,563.60     20,937,731.43                     9,427,860.89       423,895.25      71,331,538.89
                    Works in progress         6,413,805.72        532,186.49       332,834.38      761,077.50                        6,517,749.09
                    Finished goods           62,959,633.32     55,265,763.96   1,216,542.83     70,020,938.53                       49,421,001.58


                    Total                  129,619,002.64    76,735,681.88 1,549,377.21         80,209,876.92       423,895.25    127,270,289.56


            (3)     Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or write-off during the
                    year

                                                                                                             Reasons for the write-off of
                                                             Basis of the provision for declines         provision for declines in value of
                    Item                                           in value of inventories                 inventories during the period

                    Raw materials
                                                                 The lower of the cost and net               Removal due to sales and
                    Works in progress
                                                                       realizable value                     consumption for production
                    Finished goods


      10.   Non-current assets due within one year

            Item                                                                                  Closing balance         Opening balance

            Time deposits and interest due within one year                                         5,674,583,611.10           4,883,695,277.78


            Total                                                                                 5,674,583,611.10         4,883,695,277.78


      11.   Other current assets

            Item                                                                                  Closing balance         Opening balance

            Term deposit and interest                                                                180,710,055.34              631,618,371.84
            Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                           708,898,666.47              858,852,366.02
            Prepaid expenses and others                                                              257,643,175.64              196,580,706.12


            Total                                                                                 1,147,251,897.45         1,687,051,443.98


            Note:   Time deposits maturing within one year held by the Group for investment are presented under other current assets, but not
                    recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                                                                105
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

                 12.             Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                             Movements in the current period
                                                                                                       Gains or losses
                                           Opening      Provision for                                from investment        Adjustment or                                                                               Closing         Opening
                                           balance      impairment                                        recognised                other                       Declaration of    Provision for   Changes in           balance        balance of
                                          (Carrying        Opening        Increase in    Decrease in             using     comprehensive       Other change     cash dividend     impairment       exchange           (Carrying      impairment
  Investees                                amount)         balance        investment      investment equity method                income            in equity         or profit          made           rate           amount)         provision

  I. Joint ventures
       Hisense Marketing
         Management Co., Ltd.          50,297,902.69                                                       7,560,677.18                                                                                           57,858,579.87
       Qingdao Hisense Global Asia
         Holding Co., Ltd.              5,345,000.87                                                       9,084,264.87       3,160,865.60                                                                        17,590,131.34
       Hisense Star Ocean
         Technology (Hangzhou)
         Co., Ltd.                                                       15,000,000.00                       -27,229.25                                                                                            14,972,770.75
  Subtotal                            55,642,903.56                     15,000,000.00                    16,617,712.80       3,160,865.60                                                                         90,421,481.96
  II. Associates
       Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
         Holdings Co., Ltd.           414,741,582.39                                                      11,368,468.63                                           8,575,458.39                                   417,534,592.63
       Qingdao Hisense
         International Marketing
         Co., Ltd.                    119,889,770.35                                                      85,331,575.59      40,199,388.03        -857,172.32                                                    244,563,561.65
       Qingdao Hisense Intel igent
         Electronics Co., Ltd.        147,950,944.26                                                        796,860.01                                                                                           148,747,804.27
       Associates of Yiyang
         Entrepreneurship
         Investment                                                      1,122,921.57     100,000.00           -1,377.87                                                209.64                                     1,021,334.06
       Associates of Sanden         1,026,711,751.53                                                     122,447,623.72        -573,989.02                                                          -46,629.73 1,148,538,756.50
  Subtotal                         1,709,294,048.53                      1,122,921.57     100,000.00    219,943,150.08      39,625,399.01         -857,172.32    8,575,668.03                      -46,629.73 1,960,406,049.11
  III. Others
       Jiangxi Kelon Combine
         Electrical Appliances
         Co., Ltd.                                      11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                               11,000,000.00
  Subtotal                                             11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                               11,000,000.00


  Total                            1,764,936,952.09    11,000,000.00    16,122,921.57     100,000.00    236,560,862.88      42,786,264.61         -857,172.32    8,575,668.03                      -46,629.73 2,050,827,531.07     11,000,000.00


                                 Notes:

                                 (1)            As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has been declared in liquidation, it
                                                has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and impairment has been fully provided for the investment
                                                cost.

                                 (2)            Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.

                                 (3)            Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Global Asia Holding”.

                                 (4)            Hisense Marketing Management Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Marketing Management”.

                                 (5)            Hisense International Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.

                                 (6)            Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Intelligent Electronics
                                                Technology”.

                                 (7)            Hisense Star Ocean Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Star Ocean Technology”.

                                 (8)            As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were unlisted companies.




106
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      12.   Long-term equity investments — Continued

            Including:

            Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

            Unlisted investments:
            Equity method                                                       2,050,827,531.07     1,764,936,952.09
            Including: Joint ventures                                              90,421,481.96        55,642,903.56
                       Associate                                                1,960,406,049.11     1,709,294,048.53


            Total                                                              2,050,827,531.07     1,764,936,952.09


      13.   Other equity investment

            Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

            Non-trading equity investments                                          43,926,213.56      42,364,813.88


            Total                                                                   43,926,213.56      42,364,813.88


      14.   Other non-current financial assets

            Item                                                               Closing balance      Opening balance

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   20,877,222.66      21,332,417.54


            Total                                                                   20,877,222.66      21,332,417.54




                                                                                                                    107
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        15.   Investment properties

              (1)   Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                               Buildings and
                     Item                                                          structures              Land              Total

                     I. Original carrying amount
                          1. Opening balance                                  374,710,861.63      27,694,361.74     402,405,223.37
                          2. Increase for the period                            1,796,630.12                          1,796,630.12
                             (1) Addition                                       1,076,135.82                          1,076,135.82
                             (2) Transfer from construction under progress        720,494.30                            720,494.30
                          3. Decrease for the period
                             (1) Disposal
                             (2) Other
                          4. Effect of exchange rate movement                   6,959,279.24       8,638,691.01      15,597,970.25
                          5. Closing balance                                  383,466,770.99      36,333,052.75     419,799,823.74
                     II. Accumulated depreciation and
                          accumulated amortisation
                          1. Opening balance                                  147,688,529.73         718,138.00     148,406,667.73
                          2. Increase for the period                           12,788,288.32          18,248.00      12,806,536.32
                             (1) Provision or amortisation                     12,788,288.32          18,248.00      12,806,536.32
                          3. Decrease for the period
                             (1) Disposal
                          4. Effect of exchange rate movement                   3,821,723.80                          3,821,723.80
                          5. Closing balance                                  164,298,541.85         736,386.00     165,034,927.85
                     III. Provision for impairment
                          1. Opening balance
                          2. Increase for the period
                          3. Decrease for the period
                          4. Closing balance
                     IV. Carrying amount
                          1. Closing carrying amount                          219,168,229.14      35,596,666.75     254,764,895.89
                          2. Opening carrying amount                          227,022,331.90      26,976,223.74     253,998,555.64


              (2)   Investment properties without ownership certificates

                     Item                        Carrying amount      Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                     Mee King Building                  689,725.19    Due to historical reasons




108
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      16.   Fixed assets

                                                                                                                                         Closing                           Opening
            Item                                                                                                                carrying amount                    carrying amount

            Fixed assets                                                                                                         5,823,830,697.72                   5,648,279,219.22
            Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                                 3,411,971.81                         363,860.34


            Total                                                                                                               5,827,242,669.53                   5,648,643,079.56


            16.1    Fixed assets

                    (1)    Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                               Electronic
                                                                                                                                              equipment,
                                                                                                     Buildings and     Machinery and          appliances      Transportation
                           Item                                                           Land           structures       equipment          and furniture       equipment                 Total

                           I. Original carrying amount
                                1. Opening balance                              327,628,813.86     3,990,324,424.45    6,025,347,154.72    3,461,596,771.60   79,111,731.55 13,884,008,896.18
                                2. Increase for the period                                           189,043,558.77      309,971,820.78      123,285,426.81    2,368,927.45     624,669,733.81
                                   (1) Addition                                                       25,172,910.49      141,677,303.10       60,235,309.59    1,816,083.22     228,901,606.40
                                   (2) Transfer from construction in progress                        163,870,648.28      168,294,517.68       63,050,117.22      552,844.23     395,768,127.41
                                3. Decrease for the period                         5,646,414.11        3,889,136.76      154,989,859.99       85,486,643.69    4,033,003.82     254,045,058.37
                                   (1) Disposal or retirement                      5,646,414.11        3,889,136.76      154,989,859.99       85,486,643.69    4,033,003.82     254,045,058.37
                                4. Effect of exchange rate movement               17,538,429.83       70,674,129.59       47,663,454.83       15,810,203.68    1,407,336.02     153,093,553.95
                                5. Closing balance                              339,520,829.58    4,246,152,976.05    6,227,992,570.34    3,515,205,758.40    78,854,991.20 14,407,727,125.57
                           II. Accumulated depreciation
                                1. Opening balance                                                 1,864,433,282.64    3,262,909,057.72    2,769,938,939.41   42,352,675.88     7,939,633,955.65
                                2. Increase for the period                                            90,896,724.15      271,366,081.68      125,475,769.18    6,420,636.36       494,159,211.37
                                   (1) Provision                                                      90,896,724.15      271,366,081.68      125,475,769.18    6,420,636.36       494,159,211.37
                                3. Decrease for the period                                             2,246,554.39      129,395,293.43       68,370,336.11    3,938,506.36       203,950,690.29
                                   (1) Disposal or retirement                                          2,246,554.39      129,395,293.43       68,370,336.11    3,938,506.36       203,950,690.29
                                4. Effect of exchange rate movement                                   16,798,914.93       24,723,120.29        7,961,311.66      699,259.05        50,182,605.93
                                5. Closing balance                                                1,969,882,367.33    3,429,602,966.26    2,835,005,684.14    45,534,064.93    8,280,025,082.66
                           III. Provision for impairment
                                1. Opening balance                                                    8,797,986.81      197,010,417.35        89,843,081.23       444,235.92     296,095,721.31
                                2. Increase for the period                                                                1,368,696.60             3,217.49                        1,371,914.09
                                   (1) Provision                                                                          1,368,696.60             3,217.49                        1,371,914.09
                                3. Decrease for the period                                                                6,373,049.86           202,276.77       33,934.25        6,609,260.88
                                   (1) Disposal or retirement                                                             6,373,049.86           202,276.77       33,934.25        6,609,260.88
                                4. Effect of exchange rate movement                                                       6,853,816.47         6,133,197.54       25,956.66       13,012,970.67
                                5. Closing balance                                                    8,797,986.81     198,859,880.56        95,777,219.49       436,258.33     303,871,345.19
                           IV. Carrying amount
                                1. Closing carrying amount                      339,520,829.58    2,267,472,621.91    2,599,529,723.52     584,422,854.77     32,884,667.94    5,823,830,697.72
                                2. Opening carrying amount                       327,628,813.86    2,117,093,155.00    2,565,427,679.65     601,814,750.96     36,314,819.75    5,648,279,219.22




                                                                                                                                                                                              109
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        16.   Fixed assets — Continued

              16.1   Fixed assets — Continued

                     (2)     Fixed assets leased out under operating lease

                                                                                                                               Closing
                             Item                                                                                     carrying amount

                             Building or structures                                                                      372,999,716.11
                             Machinery and equipment, etc.                                                                 4,061,679.65
                             Transportation equipment                                                                        293,818.51


                             Total                                                                                      377,355,214.27


                     (3)     Fixed assets without ownership certificates

                             Item                Carrying amount           Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                             Building or            345,769,736.14         Transferred to fixed assets on achieving scheduled
                               structures                                    availability and in the process of application for
                                                                             ownership certificates


                     (4)     Impairment test of fixed assets

                             Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                                               Carrying            Recoverable              Impairment
                             Item                                               amount                 amount                  amount

                             Machinery equipment                                3,711.36                  493.87                3,217.49
                             Electronic equipment,
                               appliances and furniture                    1,849,455.11              480,758.51            1,368,696.60


                             Total                                         1,853,166.47              481,252.38            1,371,914.09


                             The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of a fixed asset for which
                             there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and recognised on an individual
                             asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of the market price in fair transactions,
                             or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair value of the asset is estimated on the basis
                             of the best available information. Disposal costs include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling
                             fees related to the disposal of assets and direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a saleable
                             condition.

              16.2   Disposal of fixed assets

                     Item                                                                     Closing balance        Opening balance

                     Disposal of fixed assets                                                      3,411,971.81              363,860.34


                     Total                                                                         3,411,971.81              363,860.34




110
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      17.   Construction in progress

            Item                                                                                                                                   Closing balance                       Opening balance

            Construction in progress                                                                                                                  800,629,861.33                           674,456,905.57


            Total                                                                                                                                    800,629,861.33                        674,456,905.57


            (1)     Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                                                    Closing balance                                                                     Opening balance
                                                                                              Provision for                 Carrying                                           Provision for                     Carrying
                    Item                                         Book value                   impairment                     amount                   Book value               impairment                         amount

                    Refrigerator production
                      line project                             27,029,118.61                                          27,029,118.61                 25,576,269.40                                            25,576,269.40
                    A dormitory building in
                      Pingdu Industrial Park                                                                                                       121,253,940.32                                       121,253,940.32
                    GEN5 electric press
                      production line                        276,402,858.14                                          276,402,858.14                229,713,759.38                                       229,713,759.38
                    Chengdu Base East District
                      Project                                105,345,242.82                                          105,345,242.82                 15,653,542.48                                            15,653,542.48
                    AMATA City Industrial Estate
                      Infrastructure Project                   8,049,781.90                                            8,049,781.90                  1,987,494.97                                         1,987,494.97
                    Others                                   432,602,421.57                  48,799,561.71           383,802,859.86                326,140,155.16             45,868,256.14             280,271,899.02


                    Total                                   849,429,423.04               48,799,561.71              800,629,861.33             720,325,161.71                45,868,256.14             674,456,905.57


            (2)     Movements in constructions in progress during the period

                                                                                 Increase                                                                              Accumulative
                                                                Opening            during        Transferred to         Other           Closing                        contribution in                           Source of
                    Name of construction                        balance        the period          fixed assets      decrease          balance              Budget       budget (%)            Progress (%)      funding

                    Refrigerator production line project    25,576,269.40    17,030,941.88       15,397,118.68      -180,973.99    27,029,118.61      767,677,318.00            92.95                92.95       Self funding
                    A dormitory building in Pingdu
                      Industrial Park                      121,253,940.32     8,683,460.03      129,937,400.35
                    GEN5 electric press production line    229,713,759.38    39,830,059.95       10,436,636.40    17,295,675.21   276,402,858.14      349,000,000.00            77.23                77.23       Self funding
                    Chengdu Base East District Project      15,653,542.48    89,691,700.34                                        105,345,242.82      190,031,984.39            55.44                55.44       Self funding
                    AMATA City Industrial Estate
                      Infrastructure Project                 1,987,494.97     6,062,286.93                                          8,049,781.90      290,000,000.00             2.78                 2.78       Self funding
                    Others                                 326,140,155.16   332,752,445.00      239,996,971.98    13,706,793.39   432,602,421.57


                    Total                                  720,325,161.71 494,050,894.13 395,768,127.41           30,821,494.61 849,429,423.04




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             111
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        18.   Right-of-use assets

                                                                            Buildings     Machinery,
                                                                                 and      equipment
              Item                                                         structures     and others               Total

              I. Original carrying amount
                   1. Opening balance                                  327,192,806.68    52,020,012.88    379,212,819.56
                   2. Increase for the period                           48,253,076.02     9,097,816.69     57,350,892.71
                      (1) Rental                                        48,253,076.02     9,097,816.69     57,350,892.71
                   3. Decrease for the period                           19,069,889.53     2,081,855.75     21,151,745.28
                      (1) Disposal                                      19,069,889.53     2,081,855.75     21,151,745.28
                   4. Effect of exchange rate movement                  20,426,940.16     3,175,708.18     23,602,648.34
                   5. Closing balance                                 376,802,933.33    62,211,682.00    439,014,615.33
              II. Accumulated depreciation
                   1. Opening balance                                  186,989,206.45    28,790,973.76    215,780,180.21
                   2. Increase for the period                           44,001,042.89     4,733,600.40     48,734,643.29
                      (1) Provision                                     44,001,042.89     4,733,600.40     48,734,643.29
                   3. Decrease for the period                           17,775,305.37       809,610.58     18,584,915.95
                      (1) Disposal                                      17,775,305.37       809,610.58     18,584,915.95
                   4. Effect of exchange rate movement                   9,594,402.57     2,082,599.16     11,677,001.73
                   5. Closing balance                                 222,809,346.54    34,797,562.74    257,606,909.28
              III. Provision for impairment
                   1. Opening balance                                      45,262.11       206,733.63        251,995.74
                   2. Increase for the period
                   3. Decrease for the period
                   4. Effect of exchange rate movement                      3,290.41        15,028.92         18,319.33
                   5. Closing balance                                      48,552.52       221,762.55        270,315.07
              IV. Carrying amount
                   1. Closing carrying amount                         153,945,034.27    27,192,356.71    181,137,390.98
                   2. Opening carrying amount                          140,158,338.12    23,022,305.49    163,180,643.61




112
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      19.   Intangible assets

            (1)    Breakdown of intangible assets

                   Item                               Land use rights    Trademark rights      Know-how     Sales channels          Others               Total

                   I. Original carrying amount
                        1. Opening balance           1,233,528,763.84      660,643,862.44   84,536,836.52   794,759,590.57   586,306,281.87   3,359,775,335.24
                        2. Increase for the period       1,437,019.00                                                         40,368,371.05      41,805,390.05
                           (1) Additions                 1,437,019.00                                                         40,368,371.05      41,805,390.05
                        3. Decrease for the period                                                                             2,763,954.15       2,763,954.15
                           (1) Disposal                                                                                        2,763,954.15       2,763,954.15
                        4. Effect of exchange rate
                           movement                        -304,672.44                          89,286.81                      7,591,598.31       7,376,212.68
                        5. Closing balance           1,234,661,110.40     660,643,862.44    84,626,123.33   794,759,590.57   631,502,297.08   3,406,192,983.82
                   II. Accumulated amortisation
                        1. Opening balance             362,946,955.91      264,574,752.40   55,154,393.29   501,879,638.06   396,961,210.73   1,581,516,950.39
                        2. Increase for the period      12,545,962.85          650,000.00    2,273,883.31       700,000.00    75,764,173.78      91,934,019.94
                           (1) Provision                12,545,962.85          650,000.00    2,273,883.31       700,000.00    75,764,173.78      91,934,019.94
                        3. Decrease for the period                                                                             2,271,826.84       2,271,826.84
                           (1) Disposal                                                                                        2,271,826.84       2,271,826.84
                        4. Effect of exchange rate
                           movement                        75,403.93                            93,341.63                      2,536,833.07       2,705,578.63
                        5. Closing balance            375,568,322.69      265,224,752.40    57,521,618.23   502,579,638.06   472,990,390.74   1,673,884,722.12
                   III. Provision for impairment
                        1. Opening balance              50,012,843.19      286,061,116.40                                     35,342,555.70     371,416,515.29
                        2. Increase for the period
                        3. Decrease for the period                                                                               213,801.22         213,801.22
                           (1) Disposal                                                                                          213,801.22         213,801.22
                        4. Effect of exchange rate
                           movement                                                                                            2,539,108.42      2,539,108.42
                        5. Closing balance              50,012,843.19     286,061,116.40                                      37,667,862.90    373,741,822.49
                   IV. Carrying amount
                        1. Closing carrying
                           amount                     809,079,944.52      109,357,993.64    27,104,505.10   292,179,952.51   120,844,043.44   1,358,566,439.21
                        2. Opening carrying
                           amount                      820,568,964.74      110,007,993.64   29,382,443.23   292,879,952.51   154,002,515.44   1,406,841,869.56


            (2)    There were no land use rights whose certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of the period




                                                                                                                                                             113
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        20.   Goodwill

              (1)     Original value of goodwill

                                                                           Opening    Increase during Decrease during                    Closing
                      Name of investees                                    balance         the period      the period                   balance

                      Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                        Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.            132,571,746.36                                                  132,571,746.36
                      Sanden Company                               93,837,131.40                                                   93,837,131.40


                      Subtotal                                    226,408,877.76                                                  226,408,877.76
                      Less: Impairment provision


                      Total                                       226,408,877.76                                                  226,408,877.76


        21.   Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                                  Increase                            Effect of
                                                               Opening              during       Amortization       changes in            Closing
              Item                                             balance          the period      for the period   exchange rate           balance

              Long-term prepaid expenses                   44,778,274.65     13,838,351.54      13,261,802.41        644,065.35      45,998,889.13


              Total                                        44,778,274.65     13,838,351.54      13,261,802.41       644,065.35      45,998,889.13


        22.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

              (1)     Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                             Closing balance                         Opening balance
                                                                        Deductible                                Deductible
                                                                        temporary               Deferred          temporary              Deferred
                      Item                                               difference            tax assets          difference           tax assets

                      Provision for impairment of assets             330,917,167.81      68,182,291.01         349,912,211.76        70,404,861.31
                      Accrued expenses                             5,477,906,851.48     993,066,327.20       5,089,400,871.39       890,759,146.82
                      Others                                       1,186,150,505.42     269,780,354.37       1,173,270,578.22       250,129,955.49


                      Total                                       6,994,974,524.71    1,331,028,972.58      6,612,583,661.37      1,211,293,963.62




114
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      22.   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities — Continued

            (2)     Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                                         Closing balance                              Opening balance
                                                                       Taxable                                       Taxable
                                                                     temporary                Deferred             temporary                Deferred
                    Item                                             difference           tax liabilities          difference           tax liabilities

                    Accelerated depreciation                    672,879,120.37          108,322,059.36        569,998,193.49           92,067,949.54
                    Transactional financial assets              100,536,177.90           25,034,080.01        105,861,885.51           26,400,191.38
                    Asset appraisal appreciation due to
                       business combination involving
                       entities not under common control        213,293,699.75           41,171,756.43        226,552,008.79           43,936,083.21
                    Others                                      437,792,918.71          128,532,794.25        378,114,288.20          110,330,305.24


                    Total                                    1,424,501,916.73          303,060,690.05       1,280,526,375.99         272,734,529.37


            (3)     Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                                                                                     Deferred                Opening
                                                                  Deferred tax                                      tax assets               balance
                                                                   assets and        Closing balance            and liabilities           of deferred
                                                               liabilities offset      of deferred tax        offset amounts               tax assets
                                                               amounts at the       assets or liabilities   at the beginning             or liabilities
                    Item                                     end of the period         after offsetting         of the period         after offsetting

                    Deferred tax assets                         129,577,406.10        1,201,451,566.48        123,792,203.08        1,087,501,760.54
                    Deferred tax liabilities                    129,577,406.10          173,483,283.95        123,792,203.08          148,942,326.29


      23.   Other non-current assets

            Item                                                                                      Closing balance             Opening balance

            Term deposit and interest                                                                  4,542,766,666.67            5,629,989,722.22
            Others                                                                                       452,932,308.33              229,595,488.21


            Total                                                                                     4,995,698,975.00            5,859,585,210.43


            Note:   Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-current assets, but
                    not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                                                                      115
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        24.   Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use

                                                                                     As at the end of the period
                                                                                      Carrying    Type of
              Item                                            Book balance             amount     restrictions        Restrictions

              Cash at bank and on hand                      1,890,251,607.24   1,890,251,607.24   Security deposit    Restricted security
                                                                                                                         deposit
              Notes receivable                                 50,739,706.36      50,739,706.36   Pledge              Pledge to issue bank
                                                                                                                         acceptance bills
              Fixed assets                                    338,963,564.04     125,503,311.98   Mortgage            For a loan
              Inventories                                     209,833,876.64     209,833,876.64   Mortgage            For a loan
              Accounts receivable                             170,372,989.22     170,372,989.22   Pledge              For a loan
              Construction in progress                         25,492,585.61      25,492,585.61   Mortgage            For a loan


              Total                                         2,685,654,329.11   2,472,194,077.05   –                   –


        25.   Short-term borrowings

              (1)     Classification of short-term borrowings

                      Types of borrowings                                                         Closing balance         Opening balance

                      Credit borrowings                                                            1,363,834,305.43          874,565,707.16
                      Guaranteed borrowings                                                        1,908,772,099.54        1,759,923,593.80
                      Secured borrowings                                                              92,721,700.04           74,226,050.50


                      Total                                                                       3,365,328,105.01        2,708,715,351.46


              (2)     There are no overdue short-term borrowings as at the end of the period.

        26.   Transactional financial liabilities

              Item                                                                                Closing balance         Opening balance

              Transactional financial liabilities                                                     44,449,742.26            3,552,841.18
              Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                             44,449,742.26            3,552,841.18


              Total                                                                                   44,449,742.26           3,552,841.18


              Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

              They mainly represent the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized as transactional
              financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the outstanding forward contracts
              and the forward exchange rates at the end of the period.




116
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      27.   Notes payable

            Categories of notes                                                           Closing balance       Opening balance

            Bank acceptance notes                                                         10,579,824,021.60      10,364,589,342.06
            Commercial acceptance notes                                                    3,060,789,025.68       5,768,177,155.27


            Total                                                                        13,640,613,047.28      16,132,766,497.33


            Note:   There were no overdue notes payable as at the end of the period.


      28.   Accounts payable

            (1)     Accounts payable

                    Ageing                                                                Closing balance       Opening balance

                    Within one year                                                       17,425,796,837.69      12,809,375,585.21
                    Over one year                                                             43,221,884.26          38,913,648.41


                    Total                                                                17,469,018,721.95      12,848,289,233.62


            (2)     The Group had no significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue as at the end of the period.

      29.   Advances from customers

            Category                                                                      Closing balance       Opening balance

            Rent received in advance                                                           2,173,017.55           2,745,211.29


            Total                                                                             2,173,017.55            2,745,211.29


      30.   Contractual liabilities

            (1)     Contract liability

                    Item                                                                  Closing balance       Opening balance

                    Advance on sales                                                       1,471,759,913.98       1,838,591,086.05


                    Total                                                                 1,471,759,913.98       1,838,591,086.05


            (2)     The Group had no significant contract liability aged over one year as at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                                 117
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        31.   Employee remunerations payable

              (1)   Classification of employee remunerations payable

                                                                                  Increase          Decrease          Effect of
                                                              Opening               during             during       changes in             Closing
                     Item                                     balance           the period         the period    exchange rate            balance

                     Short-term remuneration           1,349,060,114.96   4,254,198,125.92   4,664,062,059.38      11,556,282.38     950,752,463.88
                     Post-employment benefits –
                        defined contribution plans         5,929,017.70     248,793,272.04     247,456,958.25        203,305.38        7,468,636.87
                     Others                               86,930,338.26     114,693,658.92      96,510,360.57          1,810.39      105,115,447.00


                     Total                             1,441,919,470.92   4,617,685,056.88   5,008,029,378.20     11,761,398.15    1,063,336,547.75


              (2)   Short-term remuneration

                                                                                  Increase          Decrease          Effect of
                                                              Opening               during             during       changes in             Closing
                     Item                                     balance           the period         the period    exchange rate            balance

                     Salaries, bonuses, allowances
                       and subsidies                   1,292,949,394.97   3,782,083,074.96   4,186,207,277.47       8,607,088.09     897,432,280.55
                     Staff welfare                        37,360,844.43     147,006,527.41     149,536,754.77       1,992,650.35      36,823,267.42
                     Social insurance                      7,912,581.91     188,952,239.47     193,176,194.84         482,173.79       4,170,800.33
                     Including: Medical insurance          6,204,730.62     173,379,438.79     178,204,111.14         347,323.57       1,727,381.84
                                 Work-related injury
                                   insurance               1,705,783.72      15,572,800.68      14,972,083.70        134,812.72        2,441,313.42
                                 Maternity insurance           2,067.57                                                   37.50            2,105.07
                     Housing provident funds               5,459,027.67     116,283,889.88     115,808,242.67        385,770.34        6,320,445.22
                     Labour union funds and
                       employee education funds            5,378,265.98      19,872,394.20      19,333,589.63         88,599.81        6,005,670.36


                     Total                             1,349,060,114.96   4,254,198,125.92   4,664,062,059.38     11,556,282.38     950,752,463.88


              (3)   Defined contribution plans

                                                                                Increase          Decrease           Effect of
                                                             Opening              during             during        changes in             Closing
                     Item                                    balance          the period         the period     exchange rate            balance

                     Basic pension insurance             5,207,835.58     239,498,604.69     238,130,814.45         153,497.18       6,729,123.00
                     Unemployment insurance                721,182.12       9,294,667.35       9,326,143.80          49,808.20         739,513.87


                     Total                               5,929,017.70     248,793,272.04     247,456,958.25        203,305.38        7,468,636.87




118
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      32.   Taxes payable

            Item                                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

            Value-added tax                                                            263,275,717.52       150,597,669.85
            Enterprise income tax                                                      316,616,403.16       282,501,871.55
            Others                                                                     126,173,205.25       104,614,231.03


            Total                                                                     706,065,325.93       537,713,772.43


      33.   Other payables

            Item                                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

            Dividends payable                                                        1,703,379,240.33        89,718,011.42
            Other payables                                                           5,081,479,762.26     5,300,124,294.55


            Total                                                                    6,784,859,002.59     5,389,842,305.97


            33.1    Dividends payable

                    Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                    Dividends on ordinary shares                                     1,703,379,240.33        89,718,011.42


                    Total                                                            1,703,379,240.33       89,718,011.42


            33.2    Other payables

                    (1)     Classification of other payables by nature

                            Item                                                     Closing balance     Opening balance

                            Current account                                          3,016,045,919.49     3,486,473,609.03
                            Deposit and margin                                       1,406,461,460.52     1,337,665,250.46
                            Payment for project and equipment                          658,972,382.25       475,985,435.06


                            Total                                                    5,081,479,762.26     5,300,124,294.55


                    (2)     The Group had no significant other payables aged over one year or overdue as at the end of the
                            period.




                                                                                                                         119
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        34.   Non-current liabilities due within one year

              Item                                                                      Closing balance       Opening balance

              Long-term borrowings due within one year                                      22,017,047.53          17,839,924.01
              Lease liabilities due within one year                                         87,929,564.56          84,088,412.05


              Total                                                                       109,946,612.09         101,928,336.06


        35.   Other current liabilities

              Item                            Closing balance    Opening balance Reasons for the balance

              Installation fees               1,541,247,506.15    1,259,073,694.44 Installation fee provided for but not yet paid
                                                                                      in respect of goods sold
              Sales discounts                 4,511,055,502.15    3,637,183,331.89 Sales discounts incurred but not yet settled
              Others                          2,134,063,970.24    2,017,045,810.70 Expenditures incurred but not yet settled,
                                                                                      etc.


              Total                           8,186,366,978.54   6,913,302,837.03


        36.   Long-term borrowings

              Types of borrowings                                                       Closing balance       Opening balance

              Secured borrowings                                                            66,886,077.83          61,260,113.84
              Credit borrowings                                                             18,008,376.43           5,951,006.81
              Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                                22,017,047.53          17,839,924.01


              Total                                                                        62,877,406.73          49,371,196.64




120
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      37.   Lease liabilities

            Item                                                                            Closing balance    Opening balance

            Lease liabilities                                                                 161,648,951.48      161,471,272.87


            Total                                                                            161,648,951.48      161,471,272.87


      38.   Long-term employee remunerations payable

            Item                                                                            Closing balance    Opening balance

            Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined benefit plans                 78,332,981.07       77,923,347.90


            Total                                                                             78,332,981.07       77,923,347.90


      39.   Provisions

            Item                             Closing balance       Opening balance      Reason for occurrence

            Pending litigation                   3,683,659.19            7,629,490.41   Estimated litigation compensation
            Provision for warranties           990,125,652.65          996,029,125.88   Estimated quality guarantee of products
            Others                              88,751,141.83           98,678,574.21   Estimated other expenditures


            Total                            1,082,560,453.67       1,102,337,190.50    –




                                                                                                                                  121
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        40.   Deferred income

              (1)     Classification of deferred income

                                                                                  Increase           Decrease         Effect of
                                                             Opening                during              during      changes in                  Closing     Reason for
                      Item                                   balance            the period          the period   exchange rate                 balance      occurrence

                      Government grants             334,592,888.16        58,273,246.43         21,781,063.39         6,070,351.64       377,155,422.84     Amortization of
                                                                                                                                                              government
                                                                                                                                                              grants


                      Total                        334,592,888.16        58,273,246.43         21,781,063.39          6,070,351.64       377,155,422.84     –


              (2)     Government grants

                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                       Amount of        included in
                                                                    Opening           new grants     other income      Changes in                Closing     Asset-related/
                      Government grant items                        balance        for the period    for the period exchange rate               balance      income-related

                      Technological transformation project      30,718,364.02       2,372,600.00       3,426,833.70                         29,664,130.32    Asset-related
                      Transformation project on system           4,844,224.94                            690,597.42                          4,153,627.52    Asset-related
                         integration technology of green
                         supply chain of freezers
                      Industry support funds                   156,940,000.00      14,940,000.00          29,236.79                        171,850,763.21    Asset-related
                      Funds from the state debenture            32,771,594.19      27,987,346.43       3,329,360.17                         57,429,580.45    Asset-related
                         projects for enterprise technical
                         advancement and industry
                         upgrade
                      Other related to revenue                     809,500.00                                                                  809,500.00    Income-related
                      Other related to assets                  108,509,205.01      12,973,300.00      14,305,035.31       6,070,351.64     113,247,821.34    Asset-related


                      Total                                   334,592,888.16       58,273,246.43     21,781,063.39       6,070,351.64 377,155,422.84


        41.   Other non-current liabilities

              Item                                                                                                       Closing balance               Opening balance

              Long-term dividends payable                                                                                   509,237,517.21                  523,425,922.76
              Others                                                                                                          8,735,889.21                    9,984,017.74


              Total                                                                                                        517,973,406.42                   533,409,940.50




122
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      42.   Share capital

                                                                                       Change for the period (+,-)
                                                  Opening        Issue of                        Conversion Repurchase and                               Closing
            Item                                  balance     new shares      Bonus issue      from reserve    cancellation          Subtotal           balance

            Total shares                   1,386,010,405.00                                                          -393,600.00   -393,600.00   1,385,616,805.00


            During the period, the Company repurchased and cancelled 393,600.00 restricted shares that had been granted but
            not unlocked.

      43.   Capital reserve

                                                                                                   Increase                  Decrease
                                                                            Opening                  during                     during               Closing
            Item                                                            balance              the period                 the period              balance

            Share premium                                        1,847,818,713.49           118,021,546.02             13,276,402.23     1,952,563,857.28
            Other capital reserve                                  251,261,486.16            85,835,024.62            119,111,148.34       217,985,362.44


            Total                                               2,099,080,199.65            203,856,570.64           132,387,550.57 2,170,549,219.72


            Notes:


            ①          The change in share capital premium is mainly due to:


                       Equity incentive expenses borne in proportion to the shareholdings of minority shareholders of the subsidiaries decreased by
                       RMB11,638,137.18 in equity premium;


                       The lapse and repurchase of restricted shares reduced equity premium by RMB1,638,265.05.


                       The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital surplus increased
                       the capital premium by RMB118,021,546.02.


            ②          Main reason for the change in other capital surplus:


                       Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased other capital surplus by
                       RMB85,835,024.62;


                       Decrease in other capital reserves by RMB232,430.00 for deferred income tax assets recognised for the period for share-
                       based payment;


                       The equity method of accounting for other changes in the Company’s equity decreased other capital surplus by
                       RMB857,172.32;


                       The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital surplus decreased
                       other capital reserve by RMB118,021,546.02.




                                                                                                                                                                123
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        44.   Treasury shares

                                                                                                                                       Increase                     Decrease
                                                                                                         Opening                         during                        during                        Closing
              Item                                                                                       balance                     the period                    the period                       balance

              Treasury shares for share-based payment
                incentive scheme                                                               264,243,096.35                                                  74,537,022.30              189,706,074.05


              Total                                                                           264,243,096.35                                                   74,537,022.30             189,706,074.05


        45.   Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                  Amount for the period
                                                                                                           Less: Amount      Less: Amount
                                                                                                       included in other included in other
                                                                                                         comprehensive comprehensive
                                                                                                               income in        income in
                                                                                                                 previous previous period
                                                                                                              period and and transferred                                            Attributable
                                                                                       Amount before       transferred to      to retained                                           to minority
                                                                           Opening        income tax profit or loss in         earnings in      Less: income     Attributable to         interest          Closing
              Item                                                         balance      for the period current period current period             tax expense    parent after tax        after tax         balance

              1. Other comprehensive income that would
                 not be reclassified to profit or loss                54,248,923.23       -184,879.70                                                               -138,567.34       -46,312.36     54,110,355.89
                 Including: Changes arising from re-
                                 measurement of defined
                                 benefit plan                         51,863,575.34      1,875,146.78                                                              1,405,422.51      469,724.27      53,268,997.85
                            Changes in the fair value of other
                               equity instruments investment           2,385,347.89      -2,060,026.48                                                             -1,543,989.85     -516,036.63        841,358.04
              2. Other comprehensive income that would
                 be reclassified to profit or loss                   146,498,121.43     26,744,081.46                                                             34,178,073.91    -7,433,992.45    180,676,195.34
                 Including: Other comprehensive income that
                                 would be reclassified into profit
                                 or loss under equity method          -29,715,699.45    42,786,264.61                                                             42,930,048.86      -143,784.25     13,214,349.41
                            Difference arising from translation of
                               financial statements presented in
                               foreign currency                      176,213,820.88     -16,042,183.15                                                             -8,751,974.95   -7,290,208.20    167,461,845.93


              Total other comprehensive income                       200,747,044.66     26,559,201.76                                                            34,039,506.57     -7,480,304.81    234,786,551.23




124
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      46.   Special reserves

                                                                                           Increase            Decrease
                                                                     Opening                 during               during               Closing
            Item                                                     balance             the period           the period              balance

            Safety production fee                                9,282,792.01        44,513,936.01         40,627,876.65        13,168,851.37


            Total                                                9,282,792.01        44,513,936.01        40,627,876.65         13,168,851.37


      47.   Surplus reserves

                                                                                           Increase            Decrease
                                                                     Opening                 during               during               Closing
            Item                                                     balance             the period           the period              balance

            Statutory surplus reserve                          724,682,309.99                                                  724,682,309.99


            Total                                             724,682,309.99                                                  724,682,309.99


            Note:   The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as statutory surplus reserve. If the accumulated statutory surplus reserve
                    reaches more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be made.


      48.   Undistributed profits

            Item                                                                                          The Period            Previous Year

            Balances at the end of the previous period                                           11,300,066,951.67          9,355,458,114.25
            Adjustment of total undistributed profits at the beginning
              of the period (increase +, decrease -)
            Including: Retroactive adjustment of “Business Accounting
              Standards” and related new regulations
            Opening balance for the period                                                       11,300,066,951.67          9,355,458,114.25
            Add: Net profits attributable to owners of the parent company
              for the period                                                                       2,076,581,358.73          3,347,881,773.89
            Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve
            Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                                   1,703,379,240.33          1,403,272,936.47


            Closing balance for the period                                                       11,673,269,070.07         11,300,066,951.67




                                                                                                                                               125
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        49.   Operating revenue and costs

              (1)     Particulars of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                                   Amount for the period               Amount for the previous period
                      Item                                         Revenue                 Cost             Revenue                   Cost

                      Principal operations                 45,699,772,461.92   35,345,347,444.42    43,533,451,261.12     33,663,114,144.06
                      Other operations                      3,640,572,519.93    3,398,249,787.64     5,108,222,113.67      4,868,595,981.23


                      Total                                49,340,344,981.85   38,743,597,232.06   48,641,673,374.79     38,531,710,125.29


              (2)     Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                                      Amount for the period
                      Categories of contract                                                           Revenue                       Cost

                      Categories of product:
                      HVAC                                                                   23,694,226,316.45          17,268,329,601.85
                      Refrigerators and washing machines                                     15,392,341,672.05          12,508,479,977.23
                      Others                                                                  6,613,204,473.42           5,568,537,865.34
                      By operating regions:
                      Domestic                                                               25,248,768,513.67          17,415,927,681.47
                      Overseas                                                               20,451,003,948.25          17,929,419,762.95


                      Total                                                                 45,699,772,461.92           35,345,347,444.42


        50.   Taxes and surcharges

                                                                                                     Amount for            Amount for the
              Item                                                                                    the period          previous period

              City maintenance and construction tax                                                77,783,380.38            73,640,794.64
              Education surcharges                                                                 55,791,164.24            43,441,530.29
              Others                                                                               89,592,071.73            99,791,151.10


              Total                                                                            223,166,616.35             216,873,476.03




126
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      51.   Sales expenses

                                                                                                              Amount for             Amount for the
            Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

            Sales expenses                                                                              4,869,442,985.61            4,719,717,716.22


            Total                                                                                      4,869,442,985.61            4,719,717,716.22


            Note:   In the first half of 2025, sales expenses mainly include after-sale expenses, publicity and promotion, end employee
                    compensation, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 70% (first half of 2024: over 70%).


      52.   Management expenses

                                                                                                              Amount for             Amount for the
            Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

            Management expenses                                                                         1,232,915,731.34            1,199,136,901.69


            Total                                                                                      1,232,915,731.34            1,199,136,901.69


            Note:   In the first half of 2025, management expenses mainly included employee compensation, depreciation and amortisation
                    expenses and executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 80% (first half of 2024: over
                    80%).


      53.   R&D expenses

                                                                                                              Amount for             Amount for the
            Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

            R&D expenses                                                                                1,674,893,303.26            1,643,979,097.19


            Total                                                                                      1,674,893,303.26            1,643,979,097.19


            Note:   In the first half of 2025, research and development expenses mainly included employee compensation, depreciation
                    and amortisation expenses and direct investment expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development
                    expenses over 80% (first half of 2024: over 80%).


      54.   Financial expenses

                                                                                                              Amount for             Amount for the
            Item                                                                                               the period           previous period

            Interest expenses                                                                               86,914,991.88              69,061,921.52
            Less: Interest income                                                                           20,067,405.94              33,471,921.44
            Add: Exchange loss                                                                             -35,576,826.61            -147,627,102.88
                  Other expenses                                                                            10,366,188.12               7,020,400.38


            Total                                                                                          41,636,947.45            -105,016,702.42


            Note:   In the first half of 2025, interest expenses included interest expenses on lease liabilities of RMB4,826,971.79 (first half of 2024:
                    RMB4,679,826.23). Other interest expenses for the first half of 2025 and the first half of 2024 were all the interests on bank
                    borrowings, of which the repayment date for the final installment shall be within five years.



                                                                                                                                                       127
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        55.   Other income

                                                                                                       Amount for          Amount for the
              Sources of other income                                                                   the period        previous period

              Immediate refund of value-added tax                                                  188,829,614.05           217,057,832.38
              Other government subsidies related to general activities                              34,328,733.29            30,529,244.36
              Others                                                                                50,206,167.57            70,949,824.19


              Total                                                                                273,364,514.91          318,536,900.93


        56.   Investment gain

                                                                                                       Amount for          Amount for the
              Item                                                                                      the period        previous period

              Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity method                        236,560,862.88           193,121,101.07
              Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                                 119,305,807.22            50,168,458.36
              Interest income from time deposits                                                   133,346,693.60           175,521,060.15
              Others                                                                                22,047,082.66               173,616.17


              Total                                                                                511,260,446.36          418,984,235.75


              Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                                      Amount for              Amount for
              Investees                                                                            current period         previous period

              Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                                              11,368,468.63              8,961,872.90
              Hisense Marketing Management                                                           7,560,677.18              7,917,434.22
              Hisense Global Asia Holding                                                            9,084,264.87             -1,817,799.54
              Hisense International Marketing                                                       85,331,575.59            54,505,100.11
              Hisense Intelligent Electronic                                                           796,860.01                304,210.56
              Hisense Star Ocean Technology                                                             -27,229.25
              Associates of Yiyang Entrepreneurship Investment                                            -1,377.87
              Associates of Sanden Company                                                         122,447,623.72           123,250,282.82


              Total                                                                                236,560,862.88          193,121,101.07


              Note:   The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all generated from
                      non-listed equity investments.




128
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      57.   Profit or loss on changes in fair value

                                                                                       Amount for      Amount for the
            Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value                          the period    previous period

            Transactional financial assets                                          116,633,321.27     151,807,213.33
            Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                        financial instruments                                       -27,563,245.75      50,600,856.21
            Transactional financial liabilities                                     -40,896,901.08      18,465,740.05
            Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
                        financial instruments                                       -40,896,901.08      18,465,740.05


            Total                                                                   75,736,420.19     170,272,953.38


      58.   Impairment loss on credit

                                                                                       Amount for      Amount for the
            Item                                                                        the period    previous period

            Loss of bad debts of notes receivable                                      -199,115.25         486,215.46
            Loss of bad debts of accounts receivable                                 10,765,300.34        -391,795.94
            Loss of bad debts of other receivables                                    4,945,463.57      32,581,656.85


            Total                                                                   15,511,648.66      32,676,076.37


      59.   Impairment losses on assets

                                                                                       Amount for      Amount for the
            Item                                                                        the period    previous period

            Loss on decline in value of inventories                                 -67,636,967.78     -14,666,330.04
            Impairment loss on fixed assets                                           -1,371,914.09        -123,683.43
            Impairment loss on contractual assets                                     -4,416,341.38      -2,107,487.36
            Impairment loss on construction in progress                                                    -948,873.66


            Total                                                                   -73,425,223.25     -17,846,374.49




                                                                                                                     129
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        60.   Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                               Amount for        Amount for the
              Item                                                                              the period      previous period

              Gains on disposal of non-current assets                                        21,786,782.78            857,010.80
              Including: Gains on disposal of non-current assets which are
                          not classified as held for sale                                    21,786,782.78            857,010.80
              Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets                                   21,635,412.77            529,641.71
                          Gains on disposal of intangible assets                                151,370.01


              Total                                                                         21,786,782.78            857,010.80


        61.   Non-operating income

              (1)     Particulars of non-operating income

                                                                                                              Amount included
                                                                                                               in non-recurring
                                                                             Amount for     Amount for the   profit or loss of the
                      Item                                                    the period   previous period       current period

                      Gain from scrapping of non-current assets          3,179,158.13         2,859,569.91         3,179,158.13
                      Government grants                                 28,369,332.12        79,477,755.05        28,369,332.12
                      Others                                            32,090,968.20        71,851,415.86        32,090,968.20

                      Total                                            63,639,458.45       154,188,740.82         63,639,458.45


        62.   Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                              Amount included
                                                                                                               in non-recurring
                                                                          Amount for           Amount for    profit or loss of the
              Item                                                     current period      previous period       current period

              Loss on scrapping of non-current assets                    6,272,603.07         3,905,489.25         6,272,603.07
              Others                                                    10,948,294.39         9,687,203.36        10,948,294.39


              Total                                                    17,220,897.46        13,592,692.61         17,220,897.46




130
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      63.   Income tax expense

            (1)    Income tax expense

                                                                                             Amount for      Amount for the
                   Item                                                                       the period    previous period

                   Current income tax expenses                                            533,520,611.57     455,348,121.56
                   Including: PRC enterprise income tax                                   515,271,132.38     414,684,537.71
                   Deferred income tax expenses                                            -96,841,158.32     13,848,749.58


                   Total                                                                  436,679,453.25     469,196,871.14


            (2)    Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses

                                                                                                                 Amount for
                   Item                                                                                           the period

                   Total profits                                                                            3,425,345,316.42
                   Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates                       856,336,329.11
                   Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries                       -385,579,601.52
                   Effect of adjustment to income tax in previous periods                                       22,166,069.77
                   Effect of non-taxable income                                                                -28,535,461.57
                   Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                              85,466,165.18
                   Effect of utilization of deductible losses and deductible difference
                      of unrecognized deferred tax assets in previous period                                 -123,521,515.30
                   Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss of
                      unrecognized deferred tax assets in current period                                      135,243,477.30
                   Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                             -114,363,748.81
                   Others                                                                                      -10,532,260.91


                   Income tax expense                                                                        436,679,453.25


      64.   Other comprehensive income

            Please see note V.45 for details.




                                                                                                                            131
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        65.   Items in the cash flows statement

              (1)    Cash relating to operating activities

                     1)     Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                         Amount for      Amount for the
                            Item                                                          the period    previous period

                            Interest income                                            19,644,730.51      27,631,318.97
                            Government grants                                          79,732,677.25     110,969,932.22
                            Security deposit and others                               441,134,112.93     405,474,032.92


                            Total                                                     540,511,520.69    544,075,284.11


                     2)     Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                         Amount for      Amount for the
                            Item                                                          the period    previous period

                            Cash payments for the period                           4,338,631,650.25    4,249,637,979.71
                            Others                                                   541,976,405.20      215,353,052.17


                            Total                                                  4,880,608,055.45    4,464,991,031.88




132
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      65.   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

            (2)   Cash relating to investing activities

                  1)     Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                            Amount for       Amount for the
                          Item                                                               the period     previous period

                          Disposal of wealth management products and
                            time deposits upon maturity of banks                      18,525,206,745.79   14,828,878,198.94
                          Others                                                             581,366.03       12,189,843.46


                          Total                                                       18,525,788,111.82   14,841,068,042.40


                  2)     Significant cash received relating to investing activities

                                                                                            Amount for       Amount for the
                          Item                                                               the period     previous period

                          Recovery of wealth management products of banks             17,081,472,712.12   12,392,808,071.29
                          Recovery of time deposits upon maturity                      1,443,734,033.67    2,436,070,127.65


                  3)     Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                            Amount for       Amount for the
                          Item                                                               the period     previous period

                          Acquisition of wealth management products and
                            time deposits of banks                                    21,746,283,058.65   14,001,882,721.62
                          Others                                                             873,054.55


                          Total                                                       21,747,156,113.20   14,001,882,721.62


                  4)     Significant cash paid relating to investing activities

                                                                                            Amount for       Amount for the
                          Item                                                               the period     previous period

                          Acquisition of wealth management products of banks          21,169,405,424.52   13,060,574,931.64
                          Placement of time deposits                                     576,877,634.13      941,307,789.98




                                                                                                                          133
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        65.   Items in the cash flows statement — Continued

              (3)   Cash relating to financing activities

                    1)     Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                          Amount for                 Amount for the
                            Item                                                                                           the period               previous period

                            Security deposit                                                                         320,092,655.39
                            Others                                                                                    71,741,469.73                 1,604,632,245.40


                            Total                                                                                   391,834,125.12              1,604,632,245.40


                    2)     Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                          Amount for                 Amount for the
                            Item                                                                                           the period               previous period

                            Security deposit                                                                                                          411,468,791.12
                            Payment of the principal and interest on lease liabilities                                38,871,608.71                    51,342,731.10
                            Others                                                                                    29,326,346.19                 2,499,764,015.55


                            Total                                                                                    68,197,954.90              2,962,575,537.77


                    3)     Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                  Increase during the period           Decrease during the period
                                                                   Opening               Cash           Non-cash              Cash          Non-cash             Closing
                            Item                                   balance            changes           changes            changes          changes             balance

                            Short-term borrowings           2,708,715,351.46   2,207,460,012.08    130,257,474.78   1,679,756,108.14      1,348,625.17   3,365,328,105.01
                            Long-term borrowings
                              (including borrowings due
                              within one year)                 67,211,120.65     12,355,555.30      23,167,702.32     17,839,924.01                        84,894,454.26
                            Lease liabilities (including
                              leases due within one year)     245,559,684.92                        42,890,439.83     38,871,608.71                       249,578,516.04
                            Other payables – Borrowings
                              from affiliated companies       938,877,715.69     64,094,208.77      43,011,955.91     38,213,342.51                      1,007,770,537.86
                            Other payables – Restricted
                              shares                           72,999,582.83                            18,550.92      2,029,795.20      40,981,101.58     30,007,236.97
                            Other payables – Employee
                              Stock Ownership Plan
                              repayment obligations           171,946,847.16      7,441,692.72                         6,864,520.00      31,544,676.04    140,979,343.84


                            Total                           4,205,310,302.71 2,291,351,468.87     239,346,123.76 1,783,575,298.57       73,874,402.79 4,878,558,193.98




134
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      66.   Supplementary information to consolidated statement of cash flows

            (1)   Supplementary information to statement of cash flows

                                                                                                 Amount for         Amount for
                   Item                                                                       current period    previous period

                   1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                      activities:                                                                           –                   –
                      Net profit                                                            2,988,665,863.17    3,030,152,740.60
                      Add: Impairment provision for assets                                      73,425,223.25       17,846,374.49
                             Impairment loss on credit                                         -15,511,648.66      -32,676,076.37
                             Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and gas
                                assets and depreciation of productive biological assets       506,965,747.69      475,570,158.32
                             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                               48,734,643.29       38,943,130.68
                             Amortization of intangible assets                                 91,934,019.94       83,957,650.35
                             Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                        13,261,802.41       11,309,027.86
                             Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and
                                other long-term assets (Gain expressed with “-”)               -21,786,782.78         -857,010.80
                             Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain expressed with “-”)        3,093,444.94        1,045,919.34
                             Loss on change in fair value (Gain expressed with “-”)            -75,736,420.19    -170,272,953.38
                             Financial expenses (Gain expressed with “-”)                       51,338,165.27      -78,565,181.36
                             Investment loss (Gain expressed with “-”)                       -511,260,446.36     -418,984,235.75
                             Decrease in deferred tax assets
                                (Increase expressed with “-”)                                -121,382,115.98      -12,467,065.35
                             Increase in deferred tax liabilities
                                (Decrease expressed with “-”)                                  24,540,957.66       12,608,181.29
                             Decrease in inventories (Increase expressed with “-”)          1,310,393,244.77      141,491,504.08
                             Decrease in operating receivables
                                (Increase expressed with “-”)                               -1,684,874,087.50   -5,008,961,349.65
                             Increase in operating payables
                                (Decrease expressed with “-”)                               2,640,187,216.86    4,009,832,668.12
                             Others
                             Net cash flows from operating activities                       5,321,988,827.78    2,099,973,482.47
                   2. Significant investment and financing activities not involving
                      cash receipts and payments:
                      Liabilities converted into equity
                      Convertible company debentures due within one year
                      Fixed assets under finance leases
                   3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
                      Cash balances at the end of the period                                3,267,001,507.52    2,749,716,134.21
                      Less: Cash balances at the beginning of the period                    2,191,268,606.55    2,877,140,400.54
                      Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the period
                      Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the period
                      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                             1,075,732,900.97     -127,424,266.33




                                                                                                                                135
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        66.   Supplementary information to consolidated statement of cash flows — Continued

              (2)   Cash and cash equivalents

                     Item                                                              Closing balance    Opening balance

                     Cash                                                              3,267,001,507.52    2,191,268,606.55
                     Including: Cash on hand                                                 222,230.67          116,974.19
                                Bank deposits that are readily available for payment   3,254,139,405.49    2,177,924,682.71
                                Other cash at bank and on hand that are readily
                                  available for payment                                   12,639,871.36      13,226,949.65
                     Cash equivalents
                     Including: Bond investments due within three months
                     Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the period             3,267,001,507.52    2,191,268,606.55
                     Including: Cash and cash equivalents of the parent or
                                subsidiaries subject to restrictions on use




136
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      67.   Monetary items in foreign currencies

            (1)    Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                                            Closing                  Closing balance
                                                                         balance of    Translation      denominated
                   Item                                            foreign currency           rate            in RMB

                   Cash at bank and on hand                                        –            –                   –
                   Including: HKD                                       1,284,821.84         0.912       1,171,757.52
                              USD                                      49,810,228.07        7.1586     356,571,498.66
                              JPY                                   2,564,665,322.34     0.049594      127,192,012.00
                              EUR                                      13,629,465.07        8.4024     114,520,217.30
                              INR                                       2,987,831.00      0.08398          250,918.05
                   Accounts receivable                                             –             –                  –
                   Including: HKD                                         204,460.97         0.912         186,468.40
                              USD                                     142,220,894.92        7.1586   1,018,102,498.35
                              JPY                                   5,851,578,762.35     0.049594      290,203,197.14
                              EUR                                      76,428,691.70        8.4024     642,184,439.14
                              INR                                   2,013,634,138.76      0.08398      169,104,994.97
                   Other receivables                                               –             –                  –
                   Including: USD                                       1,039,721.00        7.1586       7,442,946.75
                              JPY                                   1,820,020,000.00     0.049594       90,262,071.88
                              EUR                                         247,185.61        8.4024       2,076,952.37
                              INR                                       8,789,570.00      0.08398          738,148.09
                   Short-term borrowings                                           –             –                  –
                   Including: USD                                      32,103,407.94        7.1586     233,082,703.74
                              JPY                                  36,700,084,732.00     0.049594    1,824,471,395.80
                              EUR                                       1,199,671.40        8.4024      10,102,582.47
                              INR                                   1,114,791,282.41      0.08398       94,454,110.89
                   Accounts payable                                                –             –                  –
                   Including: USD                                      16,917,698.03        7.1586     121,107,033.12
                              JPY                                  11,691,088,555.00     0.049594      579,807,845.80
                              EUR                                      13,782,700.00        8.4024     115,807,758.48
                              INR                                   1,334,453,620.00      0.08398      112,067,415.01
                   Other payables                                                  –             –                  –
                   Including: HKD                                      14,574,121.20         0.912      13,291,598.53
                              USD                                     120,213,386.09       7.1586      860,559,545.66
                              JPY                                   4,301,025,256.00     0.049594      213,305,046.55
                              EUR                                      33,633,352.97       8.4024      282,600,884.99
                              INR                                   1,083,430,100.00      0.08398       90,986,459.80
                              Non-current liabilities due within
                              one year                                            –             –                   –
                              Including: Long-term borrowings
                                         due within one year         261,144,582.62       0.08398       22,017,047.53
                              Including: INR                         261,144,582.62       0.08398       22,017,047.53
                              Long-term borrowings                                –             –                   –
                              Including: INR                         745,790,192.54       0.08398       62,877,406.73




                                                                                                                    137
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        67.   Monetary items in foreign currencies — Continued

              (2)      Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                                        Whether
                                                                       Principal place        Functional      there is change in
                       Company name                                        of business         currency     functional currency

                       Hisense (Hong Kong) America                          Hong Kong                HKD                     No
                         Manufacturing Co., Limited.
                       Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,                         Mexico     Mexican Peso                      No
                         S.de R.L. de C.V.
                       Hisense Monterrey Property Management,                   Mexico     Mexican Peso                      No
                         S.de R.L. de C.V.
                       Hisense Japan Automotive                                 Japan                JPY                     No
                         Air-Conditioning Systems Corporation
                       Sanden Corporation                                      Japan                 JPY                     No
                       SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                    Germany                 EUR                     No
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                      France                EUR                     No
                       SANDEN VIKAS(INDIA) LTD.                                  India      Indian Rupee                     No
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                            Mexico                 USD                     No
                         S.A. DE C.V.


        68.   Leases

              (1)      The Group as a lessee

                                                                                              Amount for        Amount for the
                       Item                                                                    the period      previous period

                       Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                4,826,971.79          4,679,826.23
                       Short-term lease expenses recognised in profit
                         or loss using simplified treatment                                 74,698,698.23         52,459,994.46
                       Lease expenses for low-value assets recognised in profit or loss
                         using simplified treatment (excluding short-term leases)
                       Variable lease payments not included in the measurement
                         of lease liabilities
                       Including: Part arising from sale and leaseback transactions
                       Income from sublease of right-to-use assets
                       Total cash outflows related to leases                               152,011,538.31        144,458,937.46
                       Related gain or loss arising from sale and leaseback transactions
                       Cash inflows from sale and leaseback transactions
                       Cash outflows from sale and leaseback transactions




138
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

      68.   Leases — Continued

            (2)    The Group as a lessor

                   1)         The Group as a lessor under operating lease

                                                                                                                                                Including: Income
                                                                                                                                               related to variable
                                                                                                                                                  lease payments
                                                                                                                                                   not included in
                              Item                                                                                    Rental Income                 lease receipts

                              Building or structures                                                                     43,548,883.39
                              Machinery and equipment                                                                       860,118.51
                              Transportation equipment                                                                       73,539.85
                              Land                                                                                          573,512.37


                              Total                                                                                     45,056,054.12


      69.   Segment reporting

            The Group manages its business by segments which are organized by a mixture of both business lines and
            geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the management
            manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment results are assessed based on
            the profits of the reporting segments.

            (1)    Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                                      Refrigerators and                              Inter-segment
                   Amount for current period                     Air-conditioners    washing machines                 Others            elimination               Total

                   I. Revenue from external sales               23,694,226,316.45     15,392,341,672.05     6,613,204,473.42                          45,699,772,461.92
                   II. Revenue from inter-segment
                        transactions                                 3,145,236.84         10,928,857.78     1,386,601,355.70      -1,400,675,450.32
                   III. Gain from investment in associates
                        and joint ventures                          8,322,471.03           8,322,471.03       219,915,920.82                            236,560,862.88
                   IV. Depreciation and amortization              302,289,482.37         158,038,955.39       200,567,775.57                            660,896,213.33
                   V. Gain arising from changes in fair value      42,897,765.31          79,948,047.57        -47,109,392.69                            75,736,420.19
                   VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                        assets                                      -23,126,478.12         -2,215,692.25       -32,571,404.22                             -57,913,574.59
                   VII. Total profits (losses)                   2,788,526,713.98        645,102,787.72          -8,284,185.28                         3,425,345,316.42
                   VIII.Total assets                            46,230,318,848.57     38,495,879,142.40    16,829,776,545.17     -26,742,997,257.64   74,812,977,278.50
                   IX. Total liabilities                        33,123,127,182.17     25,282,318,675.96    12,353,795,228.43     -15,461,292,165.47   55,297,948,921.09
                   X. Additions to other non-current
                        assets other than long-term equity
                        investments                               -885,512,514.89        173,758,987.48       239,364,120.20                            -472,389,407.21




                                                                                                                                                                       139
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — Continued

        69.   Segment reporting — Continued

              (1)   Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities — Continued

                     Continued from above table

                                                                                        Refrigerators and                            Inter-segment
                     Amount for previous period                    Air-conditioners    washing machines                Others           elimination                   Total

                     I. Revenue from external sales               22,767,026,154.35     14,692,881,715.23     6,073,543,391.54                            43,533,451,261.12
                     II. Revenue from inter-segment
                          transactions                                   193,504.41         13,004,095.96     1,769,758,421.25    -1,782,956,021.62
                     III. Gain from investment in associates
                          and joint ventures                          3,958,717.11           3,958,717.11      185,203,666.85                               193,121,101.07
                     IV. Depreciation and amortization              237,791,517.26         160,789,230.00      211,199,219.95                               609,779,967.21
                     V. Gain arising from changes in fair value      13,052,908.28          82,229,386.18       74,990,658.92                               170,272,953.38
                     VI. Impairment losses on credits and
                          assets                                       -2,888,857.17         -2,917,190.98       20,635,750.03                                14,829,701.88
                     VII. Total profits (losses)                   2,977,933,739.18        492,984,027.31        28,431,845.25                             3,499,349,611.74
                     VIII.Total assets                            45,165,383,637.71     50,443,490,241.26    15,894,819,637.51   -40,781,988,960.67       70,721,704,555.81
                     IX. Total liabilities                        29,423,311,157.53     40,168,420,871.26    11,353,809,230.87   -29,236,483,558.82       51,709,057,700.84
                     X. Additions to other non-current
                          assets other than long-term equity
                          investments                               -186,465,840.53         -4,597,587.19       -22,152,415.07                              -213,215,842.79


              (2)   Geographic information

                                                                                                                                                              Amount
                                                                                                                         Amount for                       for previous
                                                                                                                 the period/closing                   period/opening
                     Region                                                                                                balance                            balance

                     Revenue from domestic transactions                                                            25,248,768,513.67             25,328,122,655.20
                     Revenue from overseas transactions                                                            20,451,003,948.25             18,205,328,605.92


                     Total                                                                                        45,699,772,461.92             43,533,451,261.12


                     Non-current assets – Domestic                                                                 12,583,782,498.82             13,130,098,726.61
                     Non-current assets – Overseas                                                                  4,423,748,033.78              4,063,930,634.22


                     Total                                                                                        17,007,530,532.60             17,194,029,360.83


                     The Group operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Group’s non-current assets are in Mainland China.
                     Therefore, it is not necessary to present further details of the regional information.




140
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


VI.     R&D EXPENDITURE

                                                                                                                                                     Amount for               Amount for the
        Item                                                                                                                                          the period             previous period

        R&D expenses                                                                                                                      1,674,893,303.26                  1,643,979,097.19


        Total                                                                                                                             1,674,893,303.26                 1,643,979,097.19


        Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                                                                               1,674,893,303.26                  1,643,979,097.19
                   Capitalised R&D expenditure


VII.    CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

        Nil.

VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        1.      Interests in subsidiaries

                (1)    Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                                               Principal                                    Shareholding
                                                                                           Registered          place of    Place of       Business         percentage (%) Method for
                       Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation             capital             business    registration   nature          Direct Indirect acquisition

                       Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator   Guangdong Refrigerator   USD26.80 million    Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                         Co., Ltd.
                       Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer        Guangdong Freezer        RMB237.00 million   Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                         Co., Ltd.
                       Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath       Hisense K&B              RMB77.5751 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing             74.00 Establishment
                         System Co., Ltd.
                       Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic             Rongsheng Plastic        USD15.8274 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing    44.92    25.13 Establishment
                         Co., Ltd.
                       Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.            Kelon Mould              USD15.0561 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing             70.11 Establishment
                       Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)                 Yangzhou Refrigerator    USD44.4479 million Yangzhou     Yangzhou       Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                         Refrigerator Co., Ltd.
                       Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Chengdu Refrigerator     RMB70.00 million Chengdu        Chengdu        Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                       Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.             Shandong Refrigerator    RMB275.10 million Qingdao       Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00          Establishment
                       Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator             Refrigerator Marketing   RMB200.8190 million Foshan      Foshan         Trading                  100.00 Establishment
                         Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Company
                       Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner            Air-conditioner          RMB100.91 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                  100.00 Establishment
                         Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Marketing Company
                       Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner        Hisense Guangdong        RMB200.00 million   Jiangmen    Jiangmen       Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                         Company Limited                            Air-Conditioner
                       Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.         Shandong Air-            RMB500.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing   100.00          Business combination under
                                                                    conditioning                                                                                            common control
                       Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.            Hisense Mould            RMB36.0664 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing    99.87          Business combination under
                                                                                                                                                                            common control
                       Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing Machine         Zhejiang Washing         RMB450.00 million   Huzhou      Huzhou         Manufacturing            100.00 Business combination not
                         Co., Ltd.                                  Machine                                                                                                 under common control
                       Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold            Commercial Cold          RMB50.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing            100.00 Establishment
                         Chain Co., Ltd.                            Chain




                                                                                                                                                                                                       141
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

          1.    Interests in subsidiaries — Continued

                (1)    Composition of enterprise group — Continued

                                                                                                           Principal                                       Shareholding
                                                                                       Registered          place of    Place of       Business            percentage (%) Method for
                       Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation         capital             business    registration   nature             Direct Indirect acquisition

                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning   Hisense Hitachi      USD150.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing      49.20           Business combination not
                         Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                 under common control
                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-conditioner    Hitachi Marketing    RMB274.3003 million Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                     100.00 Business combination not
                         Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                               under common control
                       Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-              Johnson Controls     RMB400.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading                     100.00 Business combination not
                         Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                            under common control
                       Qingdao Hisense Hvac Equipment             Hisense Hvac         RMB600.00 million   Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                         under common control
                       Hisense (Hong Kong) America                Hong Kong Home       HKD1,176.9149       Hong Kong   Hong Kong      Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination under
                         Manufacturing Co., Limited.                Appliance          million                                                                             common control
                                                                    Manufactory
                       Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,           Hisense Monterrey    MXN462.2452 million Mexico      Mexico         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         S.de R.L. de C.V.                          Manufacturing                                                                                          under common control
                       Hisense Monterrey Property                 Monterrey Property   MXN1,092.5993       Mexico      Mexico         Service industry            100.00 Business combination under
                         Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                 million                                                                             common control
                       Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.       Qingdao Gorenje      RMB21.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Trading            70.00           Establishment
                       Hisense Japan Automotive Air-              SPV                  JPY1                Japan       Japan          Investment                  100.00 Establishment
                         Conditioning Systems Corporation
                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air Conditioning   Hitachi Air          RMB20.00 million    Qingdao     Qingdao        Manufacturing               100.00 Establishment
                         Technology Co., Ltd.                       Conditioning
                                                                    Technology
                       Sanden Corporation                         SDC                  JPY21,741.869287    Japan       Japan          Manufacturing                74.95 Business combination not
                                                                                       million                                                                             under common control
                       SANDEN INTERNATIONAL（EUROPE）GmbH           SIE                  EUR0.025 million    Germany     Germany        Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                           under common control
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.         SME                  EUR21.00 million    France      France         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                           under common control
                       SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                  SVL                  INR296.25 million   India       India          Manufacturing                50.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                           under common control
                       SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                SMM                  USD66.78537926      Mexico      Mexico         Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         S.A. DE C.V.                                                  million                                                                             under common control
                       Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd.    SSP                  USD11.00 million    Suzhou      Suzhou         Manufacturing                65.00 Business combination not
                                                                                                                                                                           under common control
                       Sanden (China) Automotive Air              CSA                  RMB145.1238436      Chongqing   Chongqing      Manufacturing               100.00 Business combination not
                         Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                        million                                                                             under common control

                       Notes:


                       ①            All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator Marketing
                                    Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje
                                    which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.


                       ②            The Company held 49.20% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of association of
                                    Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors, the highest authority of Hisense
                                    Hitachi.




142
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

        1.    Interests in subsidiaries — Continued

              (2)    Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                               Gain or loss
                                                                                            attributable to           Dividends paid to                           Closing
                                                               Percentage of              minority interests           minority interests                    balance of
                     Name of subsidiary                       minority interest              for the period               for the period                minority interests

                     Hisense Hitachi                                       50.80%               945,235,113.71             1,330,192,920.00              2,897,539,989.99

              (3)    Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                          Closing balance
                                                                 Current          Non-current                                  Current        Non-current             Total
                     Name of subsidiary                           assets               assets        Total assets            liabilities        liabilities       liabilities

                     Hisense Hitachi                        1,188,668.20           677,263.99       1,865,932.19          1,159,138.50         136,411.80      1,295,550.30

                     (continued)

                                                                                                          Opening balance
                                                                 Current          Non-current                                  Current        Non-current             Total
                     Name of subsidiary                           assets               assets        Total assets            liabilities        liabilities       liabilities

                     Hisense Hitachi                        1,035,187.30           810,569.57       1,845,756.87          1,063,134.84         138,503.24      1,201,638.08

                     Continued table:

                                                          Amount for the period                                              Amount for the previous period
                                                                                                 Cash                                                                  Cash
                                                                              Total        flows from                                                 Total      flows from
                     Name of               Operating                 comprehensive         operating         Operating                       comprehensive       operating
                     subsidiary             revenue       Net profit       income            activities       revenue             Net profit       income          activities

                     Hisense Hitachi      1,065,526.10   186,069.90        186,069.90      197,429.56      1,133,786.76          195,725.19       195,725.19      66,794.40

        2.    Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the subsidiary

              Nil.




                                                                                                                                                                           143
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  VIII.   INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES — Continued

          3.    Interests in joint ventures or associates

                (1)     Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                             Closing        Opening balance/
                                                                                                   balance/Amount                 Amount for
                        Item                                                                          for the period          previous period


                        Joint venture                                                                                 –                           –
                        Total carrying amounts of investments                                                  9,042.15                    5,564.29
                        Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                                       –                           –
                          – Net profit                                                                         1,661.77                      609.96
                          – Other comprehensive income                                                           316.09                       70.88
                          – Total comprehensive income                                                         1,977.86                      680.84

                        Associate                                                                                    –                            –
                        Total carrying amounts of investments                                               196,040.60                  170,929.40
                        Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the shareholdings                                      –                            –
                          – Net profit                                                                       21,994.32                   18,702.15
                          – Other comprehensive income                                                        3,962.54                    -1,245.64
                          – Total comprehensive income                                                       25,956.86                   17,456.51

  IX.     GOVERNMENT GRANTS

          1.    Government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the period

                The Group had no government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the period.

          2.    Liability items involving government grants

                                                                                        Amount
                                                                   Amount of        included in
                                                    Opening     new grants for   other income        Changes in            Closing     Asset-related/
                Government grant items              balance        the period    for the period   exchange rate           balance      income-related

                Deferred income                333,783,388.16    58,273,246.43   21,781,063.39      6,070,351.64   376,345,922.84      Asset-related
                Deferred income                    809,500.00                                                          809,500.00      Income-related


                Total                         334,592,888.16    58,273,246.43    21,781,063.39     6,070,351.64    377,155,422.84


          3.    Government grants included in profit or loss

                                                                                                           Amount for            Amount for the
                Accounting items                                                                            the period          previous period


                Other income                                                                           223,158,347.34                247,587,076.74
                Non-operating income                                                                    28,369,332.12                 79,477,755.05




144
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The Group faces a variety of financial instrument risks in its daily activities, which primarily include market risk (including
      exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The risks associated with these financial instruments and
      the risk management policies adopted by the Group to mitigate these risks are described below. The Group’s management
      manages and monitors these risk exposures to ensure that the above risks are controlled within a limited range.

      1.      Various risk management objectives and policies

             (1)     Market risk

                     1)       Exchange rate risk

                              The Group’s exposure to exchange rate risk is due to sales or purchases made by the Group in
                              currencies other than its reporting currency. The exchange rate risk arising from monetary assets
                              and liabilities held by the Group in foreign currencies may have an impact on the Group’s results of
                              business operations.

                              As at the end of the Reporting Period, the carrying amounts of the Group’s major monetary assets and
                              monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were as follows:

                                                                  Closing balances                             Opening balances
                              Currency                             Assets             Liabilities                Assets              Liabilities

                              USD                       1,383,735,795.65      1,285,320,836.83           963,524,286.57      1,281,916,069.03
                              EUR                         759,449,575.49        467,692,035.87           685,052,966.91        395,473,493.03

                              The following table indicates the approximate effect of reasonably possible changes in exchange
                              rates, to which the Group had significant exposure at the end of the Reporting Period, on the net
                              profit:

                              Sensitivity analysis of changes in exchange rates:

                                                                                             The Period                   Previous period
                                                                                          Increase/Decrease               Increase/Decrease
                              Item                                                           in profit after tax             in profit after tax

                              USD to RMB
                              Appreciates by 5%                                                       3,690,560.96              -11,939,691.84
                              Depreciates by 5%                                                      -3,690,560.96               11,939,691.84
                              EUR to RMB
                              Appreciates by 5%                                                      10,940,907.74               10,859,230.27
                              Depreciates by 5%                                                     -10,940,907.74              -10,859,230.27

                              The Group pays close attention to the impact of exchange rate changes on the Group, and through
                              research and judgement on the trend of foreign exchange rates, the Group duly operates forward
                              settlement/purchase of foreign exchange to effectively counteract market risks and ensure a
                              reasonable level of profit for the Company.




                                                                                                                                               145
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

        1.    Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

              (1)   Market risk — Continued

                    2)      Interest rate risk

                            The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing debts such as bank loans. Financial liabilities
                            with floating interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk, while financial liabilities with
                            fixed interest rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. The Group determines the relative
                            proportions of fixed-rate and floating-rate contracts based on the prevailing market conditions. As at
                            30 June 2025, the Group’s floating-rate interest-bearing long-term debts consisted of certain long-term
                            debts .

                            The Group’s finance department at its headquarter continuously monitors the interest rate position
                            of the Group. Increases in interest rates will increase the cost of new interest-bearing debts and the
                            interest expenses with respect to the Group’s outstanding floating rate interest-bearing debts, and
                            therefore could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial results. The management will
                            make adjustments timely with reference to the latest market conditions.

              (2)   Credit risk

                     The Group manages credit risk by portfolio classification. Credit risk mainly arises from monetary funds, notes
                     receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables, contract assets, etc.

                     The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with higher credit
                     rating. The Board of the Group believes these assets are not exposed to significant credit risk that would cause
                     financial losses.

                     The Group has implemented a stringent customer credit evaluation and review mechanism, adopting a
                     graded classification management approach for customers with different risks. For certain newly developed
                     customers, a cash-on-delivery model is adopted to mitigate credit risk exposure of customers. The Group
                     seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control policy to minimize
                     credit risk. In addition, all receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and overdue uncollected
                     payments are followed up by personnel at all levels.

              (3)   Liquidity risk

                     In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and cash equivalents
                     at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance the Group’s operations and
                     mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The Group’s treasury department is responsible for
                     maintaining a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank credit in order to
                     meet the Group’s liquidity requirements.

                     In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the liquidity of the
                     Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability of borrowings and loan
                     financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that the Group has adequate funding to fulfill its
                     short-term obligations and capital expenditure requirements.




146
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

      1.    Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

            (3)   Liquidity risk — Continued

                   The Group will also consider extending the payment period by using supplier financing arrangements by
                   negotiations with suppliers and financial institutions.

                   1)    The undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group
                         based on maturity date were as follows:

                         30 June 2025

                         Item                           Within 1 year        1 to 2 years      2 to 5 years    Over 5 years               Total

                         Financial assets
                         Cash at bank and on
                           hand                      5,157,253,114.76                                                          5,157,253,114.76
                         Transactional financial
                           assets                   20,273,703,348.81                                                         20,273,703,348.81
                         Notes receivable              278,975,395.97                                                            278,975,395.97
                         Accounts receivable        12,467,487,459.89                                                         12,467,487,459.89
                         Receivables Financing       5,801,365,693.05                                                          5,801,365,693.05
                         Other receivables             238,875,388.39                                                            238,875,388.39
                         Other current assets          180,710,055.34                                                            180,710,055.34
                         Non-current assets due
                           within one year           5,674,583,611.10                                                          5,674,583,611.10
                         Other non-current
                           financial assets                                                                   20,877,222.66       20,877,222.66
                         Other non-current assets                        4,134,280,091.32   408,486,575.35                     4,542,766,666.67


                         Total                      50,072,954,067.31    4,134,280,091.32   408,486,575.35    20,877,222.66   54,636,597,956.64


                         Financial liabilities
                         Short-term borrowings        3,365,328,105.01                                                         3,365,328,105.01
                         Transactional financial
                           liabilities                   44,449,742.26                                                            44,449,742.26
                         Notes payable               13,640,613,047.28                                                        13,640,613,047.28
                         Accounts payable            17,469,018,721.95                                                        17,469,018,721.95
                         Other payables               5,081,479,762.26                                                         5,081,479,762.26
                         Other current liabilities    8,186,366,978.54                                                         8,186,366,978.54
                         Non-current liabilities due
                           within one year              109,946,612.09                                                           109,946,612.09
                         Lease liabilities                                  64,483,557.20    59,208,201.89    55,089,604.01      178,781,363.10
                         Long-term borrowings                                8,935,791.06    49,617,026.61     4,324,589.06       62,877,406.73


                         Total                      47,897,202,969.39      73,419,348.26    108,825,228.50    59,414,193.07   48,138,861,739.22




                                                                                                                                              147
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

        1.    Various risk management objectives and policies — Continued

              (3)   Liquidity risk — Continued

                     31 December 2024

                     Item                                      Within 1 year       1 to 2 years      2 to 5 years    Over 5 years               Total

                     Financial assets
                     Cash at bank and on hand               4,397,693,443.73                                                         4,397,693,443.73
                     Transactional financial assets        16,209,276,762.85                                                        16,209,276,762.85
                     Notes receivable                         459,013,499.65                                                           459,013,499.65
                     Accounts receivable                   10,480,609,898.16                                                        10,480,609,898.16
                     Receivables Financing                  6,000,519,893.99                                                         6,000,519,893.99
                     Other receivables                        242,816,255.92                                                           242,816,255.92
                     Other current assets                     631,618,371.84                                                           631,618,371.84
                     Non-current assets due within
                       one year                             4,883,695,277.78                                                         4,883,695,277.78
                     Other non-current financial assets                                                             21,332,417.54       21,332,417.54
                     Other non-current assets                                  5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44                     5,629,989,722.22


                     Total                                 43,305,243,403.92   5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44    21,332,417.54   48,956,565,543.68


                     Financial liabilities
                     Short-term borrowings                  2,708,715,351.46                                                         2,708,715,351.46
                     Transactional financial liabilities        3,552,841.18                                                             3,552,841.18
                     Notes payable                         16,132,766,497.33                                                        16,132,766,497.33
                     Accounts payable                      12,848,289,233.62                                                        12,848,289,233.62
                     Other payables                         5,389,842,305.97                                                         5,389,842,305.97
                     Other current liabilities              6,913,302,837.03                                                         6,913,302,837.03
                     Non-current liabilities due within
                       one year                               107,586,373.00                                                           107,586,373.00
                     Lease liabilities                                            67,815,662.36    90,765,474.28    18,453,261.32      177,034,397.96
                     Long-term borrowings                                                          68,751,987.49                        68,751,987.49


                     Total                                 44,104,055,439.59     67,815,662.36    159,517,461.77    18,453,261.32   44,349,841,825.04




148
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS — Continued

      2.    Hedging business

            (1)    The Company conducts hedging business for risk management

                   In order to avoid the exchange rate risk faced by the foreign exchange business and to ensure sound
                   operation, the Group conducted forward foreign exchange business to evade the risk of foreign exchange
                   business without engaging in any speculative operation. The approval procedures for the Group’s use of self-
                   owned funds to carry out foreign exchange hedging business were in compliance with relevant national laws
                   and regulations and relevant provisions of the “Internal Control System for Forward Foreign Exchange Funds
                   Transaction Business” and the “Foreign Exchange Management Procedures and Measures” formulated by the
                   Company.

            (2)    The Company conducts hedging operations for risk management, expects to achieve its risk management
                   objectives, but does not apply hedge accounting

                                                 Reasons for not applying
                   Item                          hedge accounting                               Impact on financial statements

                   Forward foreign exchange      The Company carries out foreign                Gain or loss from changes in fair
                     settlement/sale             exchange derivatives transactions that         value: RMB-68,460,146.83;
                                                 are closely linked to its daily operations     Investment income:
                                                 and strictly controls the scale and risks,     RMB6,649,803.69.
                                                 and temporarily conducts simplified
                                                 treatment to balance the management
                                                 costs and benefits.


      3.    Transfer of financial assets

            (1)    Classification of transfer methods

                                               Nature of                       Amount of
                                               transferred                    transferred                      Basis for determining
                   Transfer methods            financial assets          financial assets Derecognition        derecognition

                   Endorsement or              Notes receivable            25,596,768.45 Not derecognised     Almost all of its risks and
                     discounting of notes                                                                       rewards have been
                                                                                                                retained, including the
                                                                                                                related default risk.
                   Endorsement or              Receivables               7,149,003,136.57 Derecognised        Almost all of its risks and
                     discounting of notes        Financing                                                      rewards have been
                                                                                                                transferred.


                   Total                                                7,174,599,905.02


            (2)    Financial assets derecognised due to transfer

                                                                  Method for the                   Amount of              Gain or loss
                                                                  transfer of                 financial assets              related to
                   Item                                           financial assets              derecognised            derecognition

                   Receivables Financing                          Endorsement or              7,149,003,136.57            5,908,101.04
                                                                  discounting of notes


                   Total                                                                    7,149,003,136.57             5,908,101.04



                                                                                                                                            149
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XI.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

        1.    Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the period

                                                                                  Fair value as at the end of the period
                                                                        Level 1            Level 2             Level 3
                                                                     fair value         fair value          fair value
              Item                                                measurement        measurement         measurement               Total

              I.   Fair value measurement on
                   a recurring basis                                          –                  –                 –                 –
                   (1) Transactional financial assets              2,266,582.29      18,991,207.64 20,252,445,558.88 20,273,703,348.81
                        1. Financial assets at fair value
                            through profit or loss                 2,266,582.29      18,991,207.64 20,252,445,558.88 20,273,703,348.81
                            (1) Wealth management
                                products                                                             20,252,445,558.88 20,252,445,558.88
                            (2) Derivative financial assets                          18,991,207.64                         18,991,207.64
                            (3) Stocks, bonds, funds               2,266,582.29                                             2,266,582.29
                   (2) Other investments in debt                                                      5,801,365,693.05 5,801,365,693.05
                        1. Receivables Financing                                                      5,801,365,693.05 5,801,365,693.05
                   (3) Other equity investment                    15,166,504.16                          28,759,709.40     43,926,213.56
                   (4) Other non-current financial assets                                                20,877,222.66     20,877,222.66


              Total assets measured at fair value on a
                  recurring basis                                 17,433,086.45      18,991,207.64 26,103,448,183.99 26,139,872,478.08


                   (5) Transactional financial liabilities                           44,449,742.26                         44,449,742.26
                       1. Financial liabilities at fair value
                           through profit or loss                                    44,449,742.26                         44,449,742.26
                           (1) Derivative financial liabilities                      44,449,742.26                         44,449,742.26


              Total liabilities measured at fair value on a
                  recurring basis                                                    44,449,742.26                         44,449,742.26


        2.    Basis for determination of the market value of Level 1 fair value measurements on a recurring and non-recurring
              basis

              For transactional financial assets held by the Company subject to Level 1 fair value measurements, the quoted
              market prices of the corresponding products and investments in the open market shall be used as the basis for
              determining the market value.




150
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XI.    DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE — Continued

       3.    Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used for items at
             level 2 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

             The Group’s items at level 2 fair value measurement are forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts.
             As at the balance sheet date, the Group had obtained forward exchange rate quotations from contracted banks,
             which were determined based on the remaining term to maturity. The fair value of such forward foreign exchange
             settlement and sales contracts were determined by multiplying the difference between the quotations and agreed
             exchange rates for such forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts by the amount for forward foreign
             exchange settlement and sales.

       4.    Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used for items at
             Level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis.

             The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products of banks, receivables financing, other investments in
             equity instruments and other non-current financial assets. The wealth management products of banks forecast future
             cash flows using the expected rate of return and the unobservable input value is the expected rate of return. The
             receivables financing are notes receivable held by the Group having relatively short remaining maturity with their
             carrying amount appropriate to fair value, and adopt carrying amount as their fair value. Other investments in equity
             instruments are mainly equity investments for which there is no observable and active market data to validate the
             financial projections using their own data.

             A gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB144,196,567.02 was recognised in respect of the wealth management
             products of banks during the period. Changes in the unobservable input (expected rate of return) do not result in
             significant changes in fair value. At the end of the period, the Group determined the fair value to be the forecast
             future cash flows based on the expected rate of return, and the changes in valuation techniques had a relatively
             insignificant impact on the financial statements.

XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

       1.    Relationship with related parties

             (1)    Parent company of the Company

                                                                                                              Parent            Parent
                                                                                                          company’s        company’s
                                                                                                       percentage of     percentage
                                                                                            Registered shareholding          of voting
                    Name of the                  Place of                                      capital         in the     rights in the
                    parent company               registration       Business nature        (RMB’0000) Company (%)       Company (%)

                    Qingdao Hisense Air-         Qingdao            Manufacture of              67,479         37.29             37.29
                     Conditioning Co., Ltd.                          air-conditioners
                                                                     and moulds and
                                                                     provision of after-
                                                                     sale services

                    The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and the Company
                    has no actual controller.




                                                                                                                                      151
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         1.    Relationship with related parties — Continued

               (2)    Subsidiaries of the Company

                      For details of subsidiaries, please refer to relevant information as set out in “VIII.1.(1) Composition of the
                      enterprise group” in the Notes.

               (3)    Joint ventures and associates of the Company

                      Other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company during the period, or
                      had balances arising from related party transactions with the Company in the previous periods, are as follows:

                      Name of joint ventures or associates                             Relationship with the Company

                      Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                         Associate
                      Hisense Marketing Management                                     Joint venture
                      Hisense Global Asia Holding                                      Joint venture
                      Hisense International Marketing                                  Associate
                      Hisense Intelligent Electronics                                  Associate
                      Hisense Star Ocean Technology                                    Joint venture
                      Associates of Yiyang Venture Capital                             Associate
                      Associates of Sanden Company                                     Associate

               (4)    Other related parties of the Company

                      Name of other related parties                                    Relationship with the Company

                      Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            Indirect holding company and other
                         (“Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries”)                 subsidiaries controlled by them
                      Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)                    Subsidiary of the indirect holding company
                      Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries         Subsidiary of the indirect holding company
                         (“Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries”, formerly known
                         as Qingdao Hisense Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.)
                      Hisense Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries               Related parties with significant influence
                         (“Hisense Group and its subsidiaries”)                          over indirect controlling shareholders of
                                                                                         the Company
                      Haifeng Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries               Related parties with significant influence
                        (“Haifeng Group and its subsidiaries”)                           over indirect controlling shareholders of
                                                                                         the Company
                      Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited (“Xuehua Group”)            Minority shareholder of Beijing Refrigerator
                      Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.      Controlling shareholder of the minority
                        (“Johnson Hitachi”)                                              shareholder of Hisense Hitachi




152
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       2.    Related party transactions

             (1)    Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                     Amount for the period                                                   Amount for the previous period
                                                                                                                                            Whether the
                                                                                             Percentage of the             Approved transaction limit is                  Percentage of the
                                                     Particulars of related                  amount of similar      transaction limit        exceeded                     amount of similar
                    Related party                    party transactions               Amount transactions (%)         (if applicable)   (if applicable)            Amount transactions (%)

                    Hisense Holdings and its         Finished goods             194,600,030.79               0.50                                            182,954,460.23               0.39
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Materials                1,029,240,725.40               2.66                                          1,051,944,969.25               2.27
                                                                                                                    6,530,000,000.00                 No
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Rendering of Service     1,063,262,174.30               2.74                                            800,084,076.83               1.74
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Equipment                    9,098,115.21               0.02               N/A                 N/A       25,784,466.70               0.05
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal purchase of                                      2,296,201,045.69               5.93                                          2,060,767,973.01               4.45
                      Hisense Holdings and its
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Finished goods               2,044,437.87               0.01                                              2,481,281.34               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Materials                   46,333,019.81               0.12                                             94,951,418.97               0.21
                                                                                                                     390,000,000.00                  No
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Rendering of service        56,496,001.50               0.15                                             55,150,684.78               0.12
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Equipment                                                                  N/A                 N/A        2,713,918.18               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal purchase of Hisense                               104,873,459.18                0.27                                           155,297,303.27                0.35
                      Visual and its subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Finished goods               3,522,304.49               0.01                                             42,122,389.48               0.09
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Materials                   78,997,890.33               0.20                                            516,196,448.91               1.12
                                                                                                                    1,862,580,000.00                 No
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Rendering of service           406,805.66               0.00                                              6,040,882.71               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal purchase of Johnson                                82,927,000.48                0.21                                           564,359,721.10                1.22
                      Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                    Hisense Group and its            Rendering of service         5,317,832.67               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Xuehua Group                     Rendering of service                                                       N/A                 N/A          144,511.46               0.00
                    Associates of Sanden             Finished goods             196,280,929.32               0.51                                            204,465,536.17               0.44
                      Company
                    Subtotal                                                   201,598,761.99                0.52                                           204,610,047.63                0.44




                                                                                                                                                                                              153
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         2.    Related party transactions — Continued

               (1)   Purchase of goods/receipt of services — Continued

                      Notes:


                      The lease payment amounted to RMB40,067,200 recognised by the Company as a lessee was included in the “receipt of
                      services” under related party transactions during the Year.


                      The above agreements related to the above transactions were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting
                      of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023, the first special meeting of
                      independent directors of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2024 convened on 22 January 2024, the second
                      interim meeting of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, and the first
                      extraordinary general meeting in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, respectively.


                      The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries constitute continuing
                      connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected
                      transactions have complied with the disclosure and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                      Rules; The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved
                      the transactions and the Directors (including the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms
                      of the transactions are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of
                      the Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with
                      Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and Shareholders’ approval requirements
                      according to of Rule 14A.101 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


                      Other than the above transactions and those referred in “1) under (5) Other connected transactions”, other connected
                      transactions conducted in January to June 2025 as disclosed in note 12 of the financial statements in the 2025 Interim Report
                      do not constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




154
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       2.    Related party transactions — Continued

             (2)   Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                                                    Amount for the period                                                      Amount for the previous period
                                                                                                                                             Whether the
                                                                                            Percentage of the               Approved transaction limit is                   Percentage of the
                                                   Particulars of related                   amount of similar        transaction limit        exceeded                      amount of similar
                    Related party                  party transactions                Amount transactions (%)           (if applicable)   (if applicable)             Amount transactions (%)

                    Hisense Holdings and its       Finished goods           17,220,961,131.10               34.90                                           14,430,441,706.00              29.67
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its       Materials                   309,450,390.12                0.63                                              322,814,376.27               0.66
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                    39,200,000,000.00                 No
                    Hisense Holdings and its       Moulds                       18,580,209.25                0.04                                                9,777,765.39               0.02
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its       Rendering of service         35,271,101.50                0.07                                               38,806,890.75               0.07
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its       Equipment                    11,805,861.52                0.02                N/A                 N/A           747,263.36               0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal of Hisense Holdings                            17,596,068,693.49               35.66                                           14,802,588,001.77              30.42
                      and its subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its         Finished goods                  299,769.09                0.00                                                  288,619.91               0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its         Materials                   325,671,616.75                0.66                                              366,681,025.37               0.75
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                     1,130,000,000.00                 No
                    Hisense Visual and its         Moulds                        6,880,508.90                0.01                                               17,432,876.11               0.04
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its         Rendering of service          6,367,269.50                0.01                                                4,371,849.07               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its         Equipment                       166,519.29                0.00                N/A                 N/A             3,309.22               0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal of Hisense Visual and                            339,385,683.53                 0.69                                             388,777,679.68                0.80
                      its subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its        Finished goods               45,784,478.33                0.09                                              183,663,452.91               0.38
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its        Materials                     1,093,190.11                0.00                                                4,251,640.00               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                      607,110,000.00                  No
                    Johnson Hitachi and its        Moulds                       12,794,667.39                0.03                                                   43,976.88               0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its        Rendering of service                                                                                          2,583,852.34               0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Subtotal of Johnson Hitachi                                59,672,335.83                 0.12                                             190,542,922.13                0.40
                      and its subsidiaries
                    Hisense Group and its          Finished goods                   49,557.53                0.00                                                           –                   –
                      subsidiaries
                    Xuehua Group                   Rendering of service            470,017.44                0.00                N/A                 N/A                    –                  –
                    Associates of Sanden           Finished goods              348,459,036.62                0.71                                              518,339,747.53               1.07
                      Company
                    Subtotal                                                  348,978,611.59                 0.71                                             518,339,747.53                1.07




                                                                                                                                                                                                155
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         2.    Related party transactions — Continued

               (2)   Sale of goods/rendering of service — Continued

                      Notes:


                      The lease revenue amounted to RMB7.6146 million recognised by the Company as a lessor was included in the “rendering of
                      services” under related party transactions during the Year.


                      The above agreements related to the above transactions were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting
                      of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023, the first special meeting of
                      independent directors of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2024 convened on 22 January 2024, the second
                      interim meeting of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, and the first
                      extraordinary general meeting in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, respectively.


                      The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries constitute continuing
                      connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected
                      transactions have complied with the disclosure and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                      Rules; The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved
                      the transactions and the Directors (including the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms
                      of the transactions are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of
                      the Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with
                      Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular, independent financial advice and Shareholders’ approval requirements
                      according to of Rule 14A.101 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


                      Other than the above transactions and those referred in “1) under (5) Other connected transactions”, other connected
                      transactions conducted in January to June 2025 as disclosed in note 12 of the financial statements in the 2025 Interim Report
                      do not constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


               (3)   Related guarantees

                      Nil.




156
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       2.    Related party transactions — Continued

             (4)   Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                                                     Amount of loans
                    Name of related parties          and borrowings     Start date   Expiry date Closing balance Remarks

                    Placements
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its    297,081,900.00     2024-4-26    2025-4-25                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB6,029,108.86
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,874,460.00    2024-5-14    2025-5-14                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB184,398.45
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its    400,881,600.00     2024-5-17    2025-5-16                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB9,519,338.91
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     28,634,400.00     2024-5-29    2025-5-29                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB741,135.66
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     12,885,480.00    2024-12-19   2025-12-19    12,885,480.00 An interest expense of RMB386,457.74 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     13,243,410.00     2024-3-19    2025-3-19                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB188,206.18
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,158,600.00    2024-4-25    2025-4-25                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB145,279.71
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       6,442,740.00    2024-6-20    2025-6-20                – Repaid, an interest expense of RMB158,284.02
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 was paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     13,816,098.00     2024-9-19    2025-9-19     9,520,938.00 An interest expense of RMB391,072.03 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     12,169,620.00    2024-12-19   2025-12-19    12,169,620.00 An interest expense of RMB364,987.88 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     13,243,410.00     2025-3-19    2026-3-19    13,243,410.00 An interest expense of RMB208,955.6 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       6,729,084.00    2025-3-19    2026-3-19     6,729,084.00 An interest expense of RMB106,171.99 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its    297,081,900.00     2025-4-25    2026-4-24   297,081,900.00 An interest expense of RMB2,869,393.74 was
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,158,600.00    2025-4-25    2026-4-24     7,158,600.00 An interest expense of RMB69,142.05 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       5,726,880.00    2025-4-25    2026-4-24     5,726,880.00 An interest expense of RMB55,313.64 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       7,874,460.00    2025-5-14    2026-5-14     7,874,460.00 An interest expense of RMB51,790.32 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its    400,881,600.00     2025-5-16    2026-5-16   400,881,600.00 An interest expense of RMB2,512,177.81 was
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     28,634,400.00     2025-5-29    2026-5-29    28,634,400.00 An interest expense of RMB118,122.27 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its       6,800,670.00    2025-6-19    2026-6-19     6,800,670.00 An interest expense of RMB4,481.28 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its    147,042,000.00    2024-11-13   2027-11-13   147,042,000.00 An interest expense of RMB2,038,288.05 was
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 paid during the period
                    Hisense Group Holdings and its     50,414,400.00     2025-2-18    2028-2-18    50,414,400.00 An interest expense of RMB152,898.47 was paid
                      subsidiaries                                                                                 during the period




                                                                                                                                                              157
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         2.    Related party transactions — Continued

               (5)   Other connected transactions

                      1)     As at 30 June 2025, the Group had a balance of bank deposit of RMB11,928,890,000 (presented
                             in bank deposits, other current assets and other non-current assets according to holding intention
                             and liquidity), and a balance of notes payable of RMB1,142,636,000; the loan balance was
                             RMB1,113,061,800; the amount of loan interest of RMB14,591,700 was recognised for Hisense Finance,
                             the amount of handling fees paid for electronic bank acceptance notes was RMB576,100, and
                             the amount of handling fees for settlement services paid for receipt and payment of funds was
                             RMB438,400. Interest income from bank deposits of RMB139,070,800 was recognised for Hisense
                             Finance. During the period, the amount involved for the provision of settlement and sale of foreign
                             exchange services provided by Hisense Finance to the Group was RMB35,014,200.

                      2)     Pursuant to the Trademark Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company and Hisense
                             Group, the Group is entitled to use the trademark of “海信” and “Hisense” within the scope of
                             permission and during the licensing period in the agreement at nil consideration.

                      3)     During the Reporting Period, the Company and Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
                             referred to as “Hisense Visual”) jointly established Hisense Star Ocean Technology (Hangzhou) Co.,
                             Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Star Ocean Technology”) on 15 May 2025. Hisense Star Ocean
                             Technology has a registered capital of RMB30 million, with the Company and Hisense Visual each
                             contributing 50% in cash.




158
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

       3.    Receivables from and payables to related parties

             (1)   Receivables from related parties

                                                                                                               Closing balance                         Opening balance
                                                                                                                             Provision for                          Provision for
                    Item                               Related party                                   Book balance            bad debts        Book balance          bad debts

                    Receivables Financing              Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries               3,736,932.19                            10,588,453.47
                    Receivables Financing              Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries      26,953,616.19                           164,553,211.50

                    Subtotal                                                                           30,690,548.38                           175,141,664.97


                    Notes receivable                   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              32,183,010.28                           292,454,447.58
                    Notes receivable                   Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries     164,304,007.11                           159,387,903.36

                    Subtotal                                                                          196,487,017.39                           451,842,350.94


                    Interest receivable                Hisense Finance                                 569,820,898.60                           466,057,623.62

                    Subtotal                                                                          569,820,898.60                           466,057,623.62


                    Accounts receivable                Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries             150,040,677.01                            97,931,519.34        113,650.00
                    Accounts receivable                Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries   7,345,737,783.55       11,231,784.07     6,225,859,286.42      9,827,845.46
                    Accounts receivable                Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries             99,523,028.85                            75,247,912.85         34,360.55
                    Accounts receivable                Associates of Sanden Company                    190,382,293.27             62,290.06     166,213,804.97      1,750,797.48

                    Subtotal                                                                         7,785,683,782.68      11,294,074.13      6,565,252,523.58     11,726,653.49


                    Other receivables                  Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                  77,382.80             18,000.00         197,248.50            18,000.00
                    Other receivables                  Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries      10,881,567.42            533,470.78       9,435,029.58           533,787.71
                    Other receivables                  Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                163,187.90                               163,187.90
                    Other receivables                  Associates of Sanden Company                        865,632.03            374,533.89       3,838,023.43      2,854,887.75

                    Subtotal                                                                           11,987,770.15             926,004.67     13,633,489.41       3,406,675.46


                    Prepayments                        Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                 124,120.00                               137,868.00
                    Prepayments                        Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries     185,639,042.20                           281,709,404.04

                    Subtotal                                                                          185,763,162.20                           281,847,272.04


                    Other non-current assets           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries               1,336,935.00
                    Other non-current assets           Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries         500,648.00                             4,561,076.85

                    Subtotal                                                                            1,837,583.00                             4,561,076.85


                    Note:       Interest receivable represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the effective interest rate method. It
                                is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial assets and is listed in other current assets, non-
                                current assets due within one year, and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity.




                                                                                                                                                                                  159
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XII.   RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS — Continued

         3.    Receivables from and payables to related parties — Continued

               (2)   Payables to related parties

                     Item                                                                            Closing           Opening
                                                      Related party                                 balance            balance

                     Notes payable                    Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                            69,778,557.01     93,448,068.28
                     Notes payable                    Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries       16,612,706.31     12,700,039.71
                     Notes payable                    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     310,844,186.02    350,014,323.36
                     Notes payable                    Associates of Sanden Company                                            –

                     Subtotal                                                                 397,235,449.34     456,162,431.35


                     Accounts payable                 Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                           281,824,440.51    305,072,883.75
                     Accounts payable                 Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        3,559,595.43      6,516,580.55
                     Accounts payable                 Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     112,884,034.95     50,548,531.17
                     Accounts payable                 Associates of Sanden Company              11,049,777.77     22,541,397.42
                     Accounts payable                 Xuehua Group                                                   235,008.72

                     Subtotal                                                                 409,317,848.66     384,914,401.61


                     Dividends payable                Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                        71,307,333.26
                     Dividends payable                Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                           788,689,124.10

                     Subtotal                                                                 788,689,124.10      71,307,333.26


                     Other payables                   Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                         1,157,696,201.02   1,145,640,491.41
                     Other payables                   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        5,751,086.42         228,267.68
                     Other payables                   Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries       8,570,193.53         631,190.00
                     Other payables                   Associates of Sanden Company             112,100,343.42      78,260,924.05
                     Other payables                   Xuehua Group                                 337,472.52         102,463.80

                     Subtotal                                                                1,284,455,296.91 1,224,863,336.94


                     Advances                         Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                                39,646.02

                     Subtotal                                                                      39,646.02


                     Contractual liabilities          Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                        subsidiaries                           122,864,339.55    246,810,029.13
                     Contractual liabilities          Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries           73,861.96         41,057.78
                     Contractual liabilities          Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries          21,114.74        121,863.74

                     Subtotal                                                                 122,959,316.25     246,972,950.65


                     Other non-current liabilities    Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries     491,193,668.17    504,879,334.95

                     Subtotal                                                                 491,193,668.17     504,879,334.95




160
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

        1.    General information about share-based payments

             (1)    Overview on Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                    On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class general
                    meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting considered and approved the “Resolution on the
                    2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares (Draft) of the Company and its Summary”, the “Resolution
                    on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal System of the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for
                    A Shares of the Company” and the “Resolution to Propose the General Meeting to Authorise the Board to
                    Handle Matters Relating to the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company”. On the
                    same day, the 2023 third extraordinary general meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2023
                    first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee were convened to consider and approve
                    the “Proposal for the Granting of Restricted Shares to Incentive Recipients under the 2022 Restricted Share
                    Incentive Scheme for A Shares”. The above resolutions determined that 29,618,000 restricted shares were
                    granted to 596 incentive recipients. As some of the incentive recipients forfeited subscription of the restricted
                    shares granted to them, the actual number of recipients of the grant under the Incentive Scheme was
                    511, the number of shares granted was 25,422,000 shares, and the grant price was RMB6.64 per share. The
                    changes in the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme during the period were as follows:

                                                 Granted during the period   Exercised during the period   Unlocked during the period       Lapsed during the period
                    Categories of participants     Number          Amount       Number          Amount         Number          Amount         Number          Amount

                    Senior management
                      and core personnel                                                                   6,397,866.00   42,481,830.24   1,149,234.00    7,630,913.76


                    Total                                                                                  6,397,866.00 42,481,830.24     1,149,234.00   7,630,913.76




                                                                                                                                                                       161
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS — Continued

          1.    General information about share-based payments — Continued

                (2)   Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                      1)     2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company

                             The Company held the 2022 tenth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2022
                             fourth meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee on 30 December 2022, and
                             the 2023 first A Share class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting on 28
                             February 2023, which considered and approved relevant resolutions, such as the “Resolution on
                             the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company and its Summary” and the
                             “Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares
                             of the Company”, agreeing to implement the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and
                             authorising the Board to handle the matters in relation to the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                             for A Shares of the Company. On 12 May 2023, the Company held the 2023 sixth interim meeting of
                             the Eleventh Session of the Board, which considered and passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of
                             Reserved Shares under the Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares in 2022” within the scope of
                             authorisation of the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting. The participants of this Employee
                             Stock Ownership Plan are the directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior
                             management and other core employees of the Company, with the total number of the first grant not
                             exceeding 30 participants (excluding the reserved shares) and with the reserved shares allocated to
                             29 participants. The number of the underlying shares involved in this Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                             was not more than 11,700,000 shares, with the grant price of RMB6.64 per share. On 24 June 2024, the
                             Company held the 2024 first interim meeting of the Twelfth Session of the Board, which considered and
                             passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of Reserved Shares under the Employee Stock Ownership
                             Plan for A Shares in 2022” within the scope of authorisation of the 2023 second extraordinary general
                             meeting. 889,989 reserved shares shall be subscribed by not exceeding 22 participants at a transfer
                             price of RMB10.78 per share. The source of the shares was the Company’s repurchase of its shares
                             through a special securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.

                      2)     2024 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company

                             On 8 January 2024, the Company held the first interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
                             of Directors and the first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee, and on 22
                             February 2024, the Company convened the second extraordinary general meeting of 2024, the first
                             A Share class general meeting of 2024, and the first H Share class general meeting of 2024, which
                             considered and approved the Company’s Resolution on the Draft 2024 Employee Stock Ownership
                             Plan for A Shares and its Summary and related resolutions, agreeing to implement the 2024 Employee
                             Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares and authorising the Board to handle matters in relation to the
                             2024 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company. The total number of shares to be
                             acquired under this stock ownership plan shall not exceed 13,916,000 shares, and the total number
                             of participants in this Employee Stock Ownership Plan shall not exceed 279 participants, with the
                             acquisition price set at RMB10.78 per share. The total number of shares acquired shall not exceed
                             13,916,000 shares. The source of the shares was the Company’s repurchase of its shares through a
                             special securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.




162
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS — Continued

        1.    General information about share-based payments — Continued

              (2)    Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan — Continued

                     The changes in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan during the period were as follows:

                                                 Granted during the period    Exercised during the period   Unlocked during the period     Lapsed during the period
                     Category of grant targets     Quantity        Amount       Quantity         Amount        Quantity         Amount      Quantity         Amount

                     Senior management and
                       core personnel                                                                       2,971,500.00   20,134,410.00


                     Total                                                                                  2,971,500.00 20,134,410.00


                     Share options or other equity instruments issued as at the end of the period

                                                                             Other equity instruments issued as at the end of the period
                                                                                   Range of
                     Category of grant targets                               exercise prices           Remaining contractual term

                     Senior management and                                        6.64; 10.78          The validity period of the equity incentive
                       core personnel                                                                  scheme shall commence on the date of
                                                                                                       completion of the registration of the grant
                                                                                                       of restricted shares and end on the date on
                                                                                                       which all restricted shares granted to the
                                                                                                       target of the incentive scheme are released
                                                                                                       from restriction or repurchased and cancelled,
                                                                                                       which shall not exceed 48 months at the
                                                                                                       longest


        2.    Equity settled share-based payments

              Item                                                               The Period

              Method for determining fair value of equity                        The fair value of restricted shares and the Employee Stock
               instruments on the date of grant                                  Ownership Plan is determined by subtracting the grant price
                                                                                 from the market price on the date of grant.
              Important parameters for fair value of equity                      Market price on the date of grant
                instruments on the date of grant
              Basis for determining the number of equity                         The Company revises the estimated number of equity
                instruments with exercisable rights                              instruments that can be released from sale restriction on each
                                                                                 balance sheet date during the period of restriction based on
                                                                                 the latest available subsequent information such as changes
                                                                                 in the number of persons who can be released from sale
                                                                                 restriction, achievement of performance targets, and so on.
              Reasons for significant discrepancies between                      Nil
                estimates of the period and the previous period
              Accumulated amount of equity-settled share-based                   74,196,887.44
                payment included in the capital surplus




                                                                                                                                                                      163
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XIII.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS — Continued

          3.     Share-based payment expenses during the period

                                                                                                                          Equity settled
                                                                                                                           share-based
                 Category of grant targets                                                                                   payments

                 Senior management and core personnel                                                                     85,835,024.62


                 Total                                                                                                   85,835,024.62


  XIV.    COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

          1.     Important commitments

                                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’0000

                 Item                                                                          Closing balance       Opening balance

                 Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries and jointly
                  controlled entities (commitment to purchase long-term assets):
                  – Authorised but not contracted
                  – Contracted but not paid                                                            81,906.60               43,106.80
                 Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property, plant and
                  equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for external investment):
                  – Contracted but not paid

          2.     Contingencies

                 (1)     Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial impacts

                         As at 30 June 2025, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of RMB45,793,990.33,
                         and accrued liabilities of RMB3,683,659.19 had been made.

  XV.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

          Nil.




164
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

       1.    Capital management

             The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
             going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholders’
             value.

             The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and
             the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Company may adjust
             the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares.

             The Group was not subject to externally mandatory capital requirements and monitored its capital structure using the
             gearing ratio (total liabilities divided by total assets).

             As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the gearing ratios of the Group were set out as follows:

                                                                                                                      Beginning of
             Item                                                                         End of the period             the period

             Total liabilities                                                            55,297,948,921.09      50,327,415,106.20
             Total assets                                                                 74,812,977,278.50      69,701,939,817.33
             Gearing ratio                                                                          73.91%                 72.20%

       2.    Pension scheme

             In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined contribution
             pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of employees of the Group.
             According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension fund at certain percentage of the
             total salaries and wages of its employees.




                                                                                                                                  165
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS — Continued

         3.    Leases

               (1)      Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                      Closing             Opening
                        Categories of leased assets under operating leases                   carrying amount      carrying amount

                        Buildings and structures                                                    48,797.34            48,718.77
                        Land use rights                                                                103.41               105.23
                        Machinery and equipment, etc.                                                  406.17               468.25
                        Transportation equipment                                                        29.38                34.72


                        Total                                                                      49,336.30             49,326.97


               (2)      The Group as lessor under operating lease

                        The Group’s investment properties are also leased to a number of lessees for different terms. The rental
                        income for the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB45.0561 million (2024 first half: RMB26.7575 million). The
                        minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of the reporting
                        period are as follows:

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                                  Amount for           Amount for
                        Item                                                                       the period      previous period

                        Within one year                                                              5,880.53             5,529.42
                        Over one year but within five years                                         15,588.75            14,692.97


                        Total                                                                      21,469.28             20,222.39




166
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVI.   OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS — Continued

       3.    Leases — Continued

             (3)   The Group as lessee under operating lease

                    The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with lease terms
                    ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the period ended 30 June 2025 were as
                    follows:

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                               Amount for            Amount for
                    Operating lease payments                                                    the period       previous period

                    Building or structures                                                       11,493.12               9,794.62
                    Others                                                                        3,708.03               4,651.28


                    Total                                                                        15,201.15              14,445.90


                    The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with a lease period
                    of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments, the adoption of simplified
                    treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.

             (4)   The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of reporting
                   period due as follows:

                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                               Amount for            Amount for
                    Item                                                                        the period       previous period

                    Within one year                                                              14,260.65              11,400.34
                    Over one year but within five years                                          12,692.94              15,189.50
                    Over five years                                                               5,515.35                 900.24


                    Total                                                                        32,468.94              27,490.08




                                                                                                                                 167
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

          1.    Accounts receivable

                (1)   Accounts receivable by ageing

                       Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                       Ageing                                                                Closing balance          Opening balance

                       Within three months                                                      666,615,700.99           574,773,952.12
                       Over three months but within six months                                                             2,437,960.37
                       Over six months but within one year                                                                 7,238,081.31
                       Over one year                                                            107,074,518.90           126,167,140.90


                       Total                                                                   773,690,219.89            710,617,134.70


                (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                 Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                       Category                                  Amount             %           Amount                % Carrying amount

                       Accounts receivable for which
                         provision for bad debts is
                         separately made
                       Accounts receivable for which
                         provision for bad debts is
                         made on a group basis            773,690,219.89        100.00    107,075,056.03         13.84     666,615,163.86
                       Including:
                       Ageing analysis method             107,343,083.90         13.87    107,075,056.03         99.75       268,027.87
                       Receivables from related parties   666,347,135.99         86.13                                     666,347,135.99


                       Total                              773,690,219.89        100.00   107,075,056.03          13.84    666,615,163.86




168
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        1.    Accounts receivable — Continued

              (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts — Continued

                     (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                    Book balance                   Provision for bad debts
                     Category                                      Amount                %            Amount                 % Carrying amount

                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       separately made
                     Accounts receivable for which
                       provision for bad debts is
                       made on a group basis                 710,617,134.70          100.00     107,081,692.16           15.07   603,535,442.54
                     Including:
                     Ageing analysis method                  108,092,297.83           15.21     107,081,692.16           99.07     1,010,605.67
                     Receivables from related parties        602,524,836.87           84.79                                      602,524,836.87


                     Total                                  710,617,134.70          100.00      107,081,692.16           15.07   603,535,442.54


                    1)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by aging analysis method:

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                         Provision for
                             Ageing                                           Book balance                 bad debts                         %

                             Including: Within three months                       268,565.00                  537.13                      0.20
                                        Over one year                         107,074,518.90          107,074,518.90                    100.00


                             Total                                         107,343,083.90            107,075,056.03


                             Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made provision
                                      for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                    2)       Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by receivables from related parties:

                                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                                         Provision for
                             Ageing                                           Book balance                 bad debts                         %

                             Within one year                                  666,347,135.99


                             Total                                         666,347,135.99




                                                                                                                                              169
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          1.    Accounts receivable — Continued

                (3)     Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable for the period

                                                                                  Changes during the period
                                                          Opening                         Recoveries      Write-off or           Closing
                        Category                          balance         Provision       or reversals    charge-off            balance

                        Ageing analysis method      107,081,692.16        -6,636.13                                       107,075,056.03


                        Total                      107,081,692.16         -6,636.13                                       107,075,056.03


                (4)     Accounts receivable actually written-off for the period

                        The parent had no accounts receivable actually written-off during the period.

                (5)     Top five accounts receivable by debtor in terms of balance as at the end of the period

                        The total top five accounts receivable by debtor in terms of balance as at the end of the period amounted to
                        RMB656,780,913.65, accounting for 84.89% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A provision for bad
                        debts of RMB16,475,363.73 in total was made in terms of balance as at the end of the period.

          2.    Other receivables

                Item                                                                           Closing balance      Opening balance

                Dividends receivable                                                                                        71,598,383.60
                Other receivables                                                                871,103,060.96          1,095,693,177.89


                Total                                                                            871,103,060.96      1,167,291,561.49


                2.1     Dividends receivable

                        Item (or investee)                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

                        Hisense Hitachi                                                                                    71,598,383.60


                        Total                                                                                              71,598,383.60




170
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        2.    Other receivables — Continued

              2.2   Other receivables

                    (1)    Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                        Book value       Book value as
                                                                                      as at the end   at the beginning
                           Nature of the amount                                       of the period       of the period

                           Other current account                                     885,815,710.49   1,110,783,600.02


                           Total                                                     885,815,710.49   1,110,783,600.02


                    (2)    Other receivables by ageing


                                                                                                           Book value
                                                                                                         as at the end
                           Ageing                                                                        of the period

                           Within three months                                                           71,650,878.29
                           Over three months but within six months                                        6,107,080.81
                           Over six months but within one year                                              120,973.68
                           Over one year                                                                807,936,777.71


                           Total                                                                       885,815,710.49




                                                                                                                      171
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          2.    Other receivables — Continued

                2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                      (3)    Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                                   Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                  Carrying
                             Category                                           Amount                %           Amount                      %            amount

                             Separate provision for bad debt
                             Provision for bad debts on a group basis     885,815,710.49          100.00     14,712,649.53                  1.66    871,103,060.96
                             Including:
                             Ageing analysis method                        15,661,739.38            1.77     14,712,649.53                 93.94        949,089.85
                             Receivables from related parties             870,153,971.11           98.23                                            870,153,971.11


                             Total                                       885,815,710.49           100.00     14,712,649.53                 1.66     871,103,060.96


                             (continued)

                                                                                                           Opening balance
                                                                                   Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                  Carrying
                             Category                                           Amount                %           Amount                      %            amount

                             Separate provision for bad debt
                             Provision for bad debts on a group basis   1,110,783,600.02          100.00     15,090,422.13                  1.36   1,095,693,177.89
                             Including:
                             Ageing analysis method                        15,601,556.09            1.40     15,090,422.13                 96.72         511,133.96
                             Receivables from related parties           1,095,182,043.93           98.60                                           1,095,182,043.93


                             Total                                      1,110,783,600.02          100.00     15,090,422.13                 1.36 1,095,693,177.89




172
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        2.    Other receivables — Continued

              2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                     (3)   Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts — Continued

                           1)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by ageing analysis method:

                                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                                Book        Provision for
                                  Ageing                                                     balance          bad debts                 %

                                  Including: Within three months                           939,035.00           1,878.07             0.20
                                             Over three months but within six
                                               months                                      13,258.80           1,325.88            20.00
                                             Over one year                             14,709,445.58      14,709,445.58           100.00


                                  Total                                                15,661,739.38      14,712,649.53            93.94


                                  Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and made
                                           provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.


                           2)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by receivables from related
                                  parties:

                                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                                                 Book        Provision for
                                  Ageing                                                      balance          bad debts                %

                                  Related parties within the scope of consolidation     869,268,645.94
                                  Related parties beyond the scope of consolidation         885,325.17
                                  Including: Within one year                                885,325.17


                                  Total                                                870,153,971.11




                                                                                                                                         173
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          2.    Other receivables — Continued

                2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                      (4)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                           First stage      Second stage           Third stage               Total
                                                                                                  Lifetime             Lifetime
                                                                           Expected             expected             expected
                                                                        credit loss in          credit loss         credit loss
                                                                         the next 12       (without credit         (with credit
                             Provision for bad debts                         months          impairment)          impairment)

                             Balance as at 1 January 2025                    3,962.96          528,438.68        14,558,020.49       15,090,422.13
                             During the period, the book
                               balance of other receivables
                               as at 1 January 2025                                   –                    –                   –                 –
                               – transferred to second stage
                               – transferred to third stage
                               – reversed to second stage
                               – reversed to first stage
                             Provision for the period                          -759.01         -377,013.59                             -377,772.60
                             Reversal for the period
                             Written-off for the period
                             Charge-off for the period
                             Other changes
                             Balance as at 30 June 2025                      3,203.95          151,425.09        14,558,020.49       14,712,649.53

                             Note:   Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                                     since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the ageing, and estimated the expected
                                     credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.


                      (5)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                                          Changes during the period
                                                                 Opening                          Recoveries          Write-off or         Closing
                             Category                            balance          Provision       or reversals        charge-off          balance

                             Ageing analysis method        15,090,422.13       -377,772.60                                           14,712,649.53


                             Total                        15,090,422.13        -377,772.60                                           14,712,649.53




174
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        2.    Other receivables — Continued

              2.2   Other receivables — Continued

                    (6)        Other receivables actually written off during the period

                               The parent had no other receivables actually written off for the period.

                    (7)        Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the period

                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                                                                 of total other
                                                                                                                                  receivables         Provision for
                                                                                                                                            (%)         bad debts
                                             Nature of                                                                                 Closing            Closing
                               No.           the amount                 Closing balance          Ageing                               balance            balance

                               Top 1         Other current                372,699,354.39         Over one year                            42.07
                                              account
                                              payments
                               Top 2         Other current                165,000,000.00         Over two years                           18.63
                                              account
                                              payments
                               Top 3         Other current                 99,000,000.00         Over one year                            11.18
                                              account
                                              payments
                               Top 4         Other current                 96,234,162.39         Over one year                            10.86
                                              account
                                              payments
                               Top 5         Other current                 76,015,000.00         Within one year                           8.58
                                              account
                                              payments


                               Total         –                           808,948,516.78                                                  91.32


        3.    Long-term equity investments

              (1)   Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                        Closing balance                                           Opening balance
                                                                           Provision for          Carrying                            Provision for          Carrying
                     Item                              Book balance        impairment              amount       Book balance          impairment              amount

                     Investments in subsidiaries     6,665,902,083.23     59,381,641.00    6,606,520,442.23   6,036,704,138.92       59,381,641.00    5,977,322,497.92
                     Investments in associates
                       and joint ventures             949,189,493.90                        949,189,493.90     786,147,253.95                          786,147,253.95


                     Total                          7,615,091,577.13      59,381,641.00 7,555,709,936.13 6,822,851,392.87           59,381,641.00 6,763,469,751.87




                                                                                                                                                                     175
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          3.    Long-term equity investments — Continued

                (2)   Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                                            Movements in the current period
                                                                                    Provision for                                              Increase in                       Opening balance
                                                            Opening balance          impairment     Increase in             Decrease          share-based Closing balance           of impairment
                       Investees                           (Carrying amount)    Opening balance     investment         in investment            payments (Carrying amount)               provision

                       Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                         Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                  9,183,395.67                                                                  1,289,033.87     10,472,429.54
                       Guangdong Kelon Air Conditioner
                         Co., Ltd.                             221,618,359.00       59,381,641.00                                                              221,618,359.00        59,381,641.00
                       Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                         Freezer Co., Ltd.                       2,789,577.09                                                                   370,661.21       3,160,238.30
                       Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and
                         Bath System Co., Ltd.                   5,068,448.98                                                                  1,791,765.37      6,860,214.35
                       Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic
                         Co., Ltd.                              55,455,258.07                                                                   457,134.86      55,912,392.93
                       Foshan Shunde Wangao Import &
                         Export Co., Ltd.                          600,000.00                                                                                      600,000.00
                       Guangdong Kelon Jiake Electronics
                         Co., Ltd.                              82,000,000.00                                                                                   82,000,000.00
                       Hisense Ronshen (Yingkou)
                         Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                 84,000,000.00                                                                                   84,000,000.00
                       Jiangxi Kelon Industrial
                         Development Co., Ltd.                 147,763,896.00                                                                                  147,763,896.00
                       Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)
                         Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                  3,505,103.22                                                                   473,302.86       3,978,406.08
                       Zhuhai Kelon Industrial
                         Development Co., Ltd.                 189,101,850.00                                                                                  189,101,850.00
                       Shenzhen Kelon Procurement Co., Ltd.     95,000,000.00                                                                                   95,000,000.00
                       Kelon Development Co., Ltd.              11,200,000.00                                                                                   11,200,000.00
                       Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator
                         Co., Ltd.                                 202,930.60                                                                    25,366.32         228,296.92
                       Hisense (Beijing) Electric Appliances
                         Co., Ltd                               92,101,178.17                                                                                   92,101,178.17
                       Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.      610,587,618.31                                                                  4,593,729.48    615,181,347.79
                       Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.         359,294,504.40                                                                    571,284.58    359,865,788.98
                       Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.          812,168,493.68                                                                 13,609,886.73    825,778,380.41
                       Foshan Hisense Kelon Property
                         Development Co., Ltd.                   5,728,648.70                                                                   290,389.06       6,019,037.76
                       Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                         Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.      2,619,497,708.06                                                                 10,950,292.33   2,630,448,000.39
                       Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.     19,845,220.23                                                                    847,348.51      20,692,568.74




176
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        3.    Long-term equity investments — Continued

              (2)   Investments in subsidiaries — Continued


                                                                                                               Movements in the current period
                                                                                    Provision for                                                  Increase in                      Opening balance
                                                            Opening balance          impairment        Increase in             Decrease           share-based Closing balance          of impairment
                     Investees                             (Carrying amount)    Opening balance        investment         in investment             payments (Carrying amount)              provision

                     Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and
                       Bath Co., Ltd.                            5,971,225.66                                                                       991,687.38       6,962,913.04
                     Qingdao Hisense Commercial
                       Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                     12,114,743.21                                                                     2,881,208.25      14,995,951.46
                     Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
                       Marketing Co., Ltd.                      31,916,381.61                                                                     6,128,333.08      38,044,714.69
                     Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner
                       Co., Ltd.                                  770,018.14                                                                        139,165.78         909,183.92
                     Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner
                       Marketing Co., Ltd.                      37,798,731.58                                                                     7,392,933.37      45,191,664.95
                     Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.               936,154.34                                                                       285,442.02       1,221,596.36
                     Jiangmen Hisense Home
                       Appliances Co., Ltd.                      2,607,137.53                                                                     1,163,641.12       3,770,778.65
                     Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                       conditioner Marketing Co., Ltd.          39,285,851.92                                                                     8,597,191.32      47,883,043.24
                     Qingdao Johnson Controls
                       Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                 245,336.14                                                                        126,763.77         372,099.91
                     Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air
                       Conditioning Technology Co., Ltd.         3,964,727.61                                                                       747,633.04       4,712,360.65
                     Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital
                       Management Co., Ltd.                      5,000,000.00                                                                                        5,000,000.00
                     Hisense Home Appliances (Hunan)
                       Co., Ltd.                               200,000,000.00                                                                                      200,000,000.00
                     HSHA (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.                210,000,000.00                       565,473,750.00                                                 775,473,750.00


                     Total                                  5,977,322,497.92       59,381,641.00    565,473,750.00                               63,724,194.31   6,606,520,442.23      59,381,641.00




                                                                                                                                                                                                   177
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

          3.    Long-term equity investments — Continued

                (3)   Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                    Movements in the current period
                                                                                                                         Gains or
                                                                                                                     losses from
                                                        Opening     Provision for                                     investment    Adjustment                        Declaration                                       Closing      Opening
                                                        balance     impairment                                       recognised        or other                           of cash    Provision for                     balance     balance of
                                                       (Carrying       Opening        Increase in   Decrease in     using equity comprehensive       Other change       dividend     impairment     Changes in        (Carrying   impairment
                       Investees                        amount)        balance        investment     investment          method        income             in equity      or profit          made exchange rate         amount)      provision


                       I. Joint ventures
                          Hisense Marketing
                          Management Co., Ltd. 50,297,902.69                                                        7,560,677.18                                                                                  57,858,579.87
                          Qingdao Hisense
                          Global Asia Holding
                           Co., Ltd.            18,597,059.07                                                       9,084,264.87     3,160,865.60                                                                 30,842,189.54
                           Hisense Star
                           Ocean Technology
                           (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                                     15,000,000.00                      -27,229.25                                                                                 14,972,770.75
                       Subtotal                 68,894,961.76                       15,000,000.00                  16,617,712.80     3,160,865.60                                                                103,673,540.16


                       I . Associates
                           Qingdao Hisense
                           Jinlong Holdings
                           Co., Ltd.               414,741,582.39                                                  11,368,468.63                                      8,575,458.39                               417,534,592.63
                           Qingdao Hisense
                           International
                           Marketing Co., Ltd. 154,559,765.54                                                      85,331,575.59    40,199,388.03       -857,172.32                                              279,233,556.84
                           Qingdao Hisense
                           Intel igent Electronics
                           Co., Ltd.               147,950,944.26                                                     796,860.01                                                                                 148,747,804.27
                       Subtotal                    717,252,292.19                                                  97,496,904.23    40,199,388.03       -857,172.32   8,575,458.39                               845,515,953.74


                       Total                      786,147,253.95                    15,000,000.00                 114,114,617.03    43,360,253.63      -857,172.32    8,575,458.39                               949,189,493.90




178
NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


XVII.   NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT — Continued

        4.    Operating revenue and operating costs

              Breakdown of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                              Amount for the period            Amount for the previous period
              Item                                             Revenue                Cost           Revenue                Cost

              Principal operations                      2,483,784,140.31   2,181,205,775.33   2,599,779,932.40   2,452,091,577.96
              Other operations                            146,637,657.16     129,122,152.32     133,838,806.89     113,391,063.20


              Total                                    2,630,421,797.47 2,310,327,927.65 2,733,618,739.29 2,565,482,641.16


        5.    Investment gain

                                                                                               Amount for          Amount for the
              Item                                                                              the period        previous period

              Gain from long-term equity investment under the cost method                1,288,297,080.00        1,286,865,097.36
              Gain from long-term equity investment under the equity method                114,114,617.03           69,870,818.25
              Gain from investments in wealth management products                           18,629,731.41           12,815,845.08


              Total                                                                     1,421,041,428.44         1,369,551,760.69




                                                                                                                                179
  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


  XVIII.   SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           1.    Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the period

                                                                                                Amount for
                 Item                                                                        current period               Notes

                 Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets (Including the
                   offsetting part of the provision for impairment of assets already
                   provisioned)                                                                18,693,337.84
                 Government grants included in the gain or loss for current period
                   (excluding those government grants that are closely related to
                   the Company’s normal business operations, that are in line with
                   national policies, that are enjoyed according to defined criteria,
                   and that have a sustained impact on the Company’s profit or loss)           62,698,065.41
                 Gain or loss from changes in fair value of financial assets and
                   liabilities held by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss from the
                   disposal of financial assets and liabilities, except for the effective
                   hedging business related to the Company’s normal business
                   operations                                                                  76,641,468.99
                 Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted asset
                   management                                                                129,858,712.05
                 Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring                                 10,587,751.15
                 Other non-operating income and expense other than the
                   aforementioned items                                                        21,142,673.81

                 Subtotal                                                                    319,622,009.25

                 Less: Effect of income tax                                                    57,090,449.32
                       Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                 3,560,315.61


                 Total                                                                       258,971,244.32


           2.    Return on net asset and earnings per share


                                                                                 Weighted            Earnings per share (RMB/share)
                                                                                   average                    Basic             Diluted
                                                                                  return on                earnings            earnings
                 Profit for the reporting period                             net assets (%)               per share           per share

                 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                   of the parent                                                       12.55                   1.52                   1.52
                 Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                   of the parent after deducting non-recurring
                   profit or loss                                                      10.99                   1.32                   1.32




                                                                                        Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                        30 July 2025




180
