Contents


Definitions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    2

Chairman’s Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .            4

Corporate Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .           7

Management Discussion and Analysis . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      8

Corporate Governance Report. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .               42

Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                      67

Report of the Directors. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .         70

Report of the Supervisory Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 110

Financial Statements Prepared in accordance with China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprise . . . . . . . 113
Definitions


This report is published in both English and Chinese. If there is any inconsistency between the English and the
Chinese versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.


In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, the following terms or expressions shall have the following
meanings:


“Articles of Association”            the articles of association of the Company currently in force


“Company”, “We”, “Hisense Home       Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. *(海信家電集團股份有限公司),
    Appliances”                      a joint stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability, whose
                                     shares are listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
                                     Shenzhen Stock Exchange


“Hisense Air-Conditioning”           Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited *(青島海信空調有限公
                                     司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and indirectly
                                     controlled by Hisense Group, which holds approximately 37.28% of the issued
                                     shares of the Company


“Hisense Finance”                    Hisense Finance Co., Ltd.*(海信集團財務有限公司), a company incorporated
                                     in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group


“Hisense Group”                      H i s e n s e C o m p a n y H o l d i n g s L i m i t e d*(海信集團控股股份有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability


“Hisense Hitachi”                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd. *(青島海信日立
                                     空調系統有限公司), a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability
                                     and a subsidiary of the Company


“Hisense Hong Kong”                  Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited, a company incorporated in Hong
                                     Kong with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense Group, which holds
                                     approximately 8.98% of the issued shares of the Company


“Hisense International”              Hisense International Co., Ltd*(青島海信國際營銷股份有限公司), a company
                                     incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of Hisense
                                     Group


“Hisense Marketing Management”       H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d.*(海信營銷管理有限公司), a
                                     company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and 50% owned by the
                                     Company


“Hisense Visual”                     Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. *(海信視像科技股份有限公司), a joint
                                     stock limited incorporated in the PRC with limited liability and a subsidiary of
                                     Hisense Group, whose shares are listed on the main board of Shanghai Stock
                                     Exchange


“Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC




2     Annual Report 2024
Definitions


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”            the Rules Governing g the Listing of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock
                                     Exchange


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“HASCO Sanden”                       Sanden HASCO Automotive Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.


“Johnson Hitachi”                    Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding (UK) Ltd.


“PRC”                                the People’s Republic of China


“Reporting Period”                   1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024


“RMB”                                Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Sanden Company”                     Sanden Holdings Corporation


“US$”                                the United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States


“Yen”                                Japanese Yen, the lawful currency of Japan

* For identification purposes only




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   3
Chairman’s Statement


Dear investors,


In the year 2024, while Hisense Home Appliances celebrated its 40th anniversary, it was also the 55th anniversary
of Hisense Group. Since Deng Xiaoping, the architect of modern China’s economic reforms, made the remark that
“development is of overriding importance” during his visit to the Ronshen refrigerator factory in his southern tour, Hisense
Home Appliances has gone through dozens of years of cultivation and gradually established a modern enterprise system,
and has become one of the forerunners in China’s home appliance industry. Looking back at the past decade, Hisense has
achieved rapid growth in revenue and net profit, with a 16% compounded growth rate in revenue and a 21% compounded
growth rate in net profit attributable to the parent company, thanks to its steady operation and continuous innovation.


However, since 2024, the challenges faced by the home appliance industry have become increasingly severe due to the
evolving international landscape, frequent trade conflicts, weak consumption in the domestic market and a downturn in
the real estate industry. Confronting these difficulties, more than 50,000 employees of Hisense Home Appliances are
united in solidarity and tackling the challenges head on, ultimately achieving a historic success. Our revenue reached
a new high of RMB92.746 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.35%, while net profit attributable to the
parent company of RMB3.348 billion was realized, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.99%. This performance
not only demonstrates the long-termism and value that Hisense Home Appliances has always practiced, but also
highlights our spirit of making breakthroughs in a changing era, insisting on our original beliefs in the midst of reform,
and innovating in the midst of inheritance. These principles are encapsulated in our “Seven Insistences”.


I.      INSISTING ON “TECHNOLOGY-BASED ENTERPRISE” AND PROMOTING PRODUCT
        INNOVATION

        Hisense Home Appliances has always adhered to its core philosophy of “technology-based enterprise”, and
        winning the market through innovative products. With more than 20 years of core technology accumulation,
        more than 2,000 technology patents and more than 400 new technology achievements made in 2024, the
        Company has developed multiple industry-leading products in China, such as top-freon and floor-water (天
        氟地水) products and 5G central air-conditioners, and has continued to lead the industry in terms of market
        share in multiple lines. With vacuum preservation technology as its core, Hisense Refrigerator has led the
        industry in vacuum standard, and its vacuum preservation products have won many product awards such as the
        AWE Excellent Product Award. Simultaneously, the Company has made technological breakthroughs in the
        fields of fresh air conditioning, smart buildings and vehicle thermal management, laying a solid foundation for
        continuous product innovation.


II.     INSISTING ON USER-CENTEREDNESS AND PROMOTING SCENARIO UPGRADE

        Hisense Home Appliances has always placed users at the core of its enterprise value, and has made in-depth
        layout around the user scenarios to accurately cover diversified consumer groups. In response to users’
        increasing demand for home appliances with aesthetic design, the Hisense Tresor series merges the aesthetics
        of Eastern design with technology that embodies humanistic care to provide high-end families in China with
        a “smart home” and “artist” lifestyle. During the year, the scale of the Tresor series increased by 52% year-
        on-year, and even realized an increase of more than 120% after the implementation of the trade-in policy. In
        the face of user demand for temperature, humidity and other indoor air personalization, Hisense fresh air air-
        conditioners focus on the comprehensive air scenario and the “AI air housekeeper” feature provides users with
        a full range of customized air services, making annual sales volume and sales ranking the first in the industry.
        For young users requiring silent sleep, Kelon Air Conditioner became well known on Douyin quickly with
        its operational noise of mere 16 decibels. Catering the vintage trend of millennial users, the Roman Holiday
        series of Hisense washing machines in Italian design was launched and won a number of awards. In addition
        to the household scenario, we have also constructed the ECO-B smart building system to satisfy the needs of
        customers, showing the beauty of green smart living.

4     Annual Report 2024
Chairman’s Statement


III.   INSISTING ON A LONG-TERM INCENTIVE SYSTEM TO MOTIVATE EMPLOYEES

       Hisense Home Appliances has always been committed to a long-term incentive mechanism designed to foster
       entrepreneurial passion of the management and employees through reform. Since 2022, we have implemented
       a series of transformations in strategies, organization, talents and processes as well as a corporate culture
       and leadership building program. We continue to optimize the incentive mechanism to fully mobilize the
       enthusiasm and creativity of the management and employees. From 2023 to 2024, we introduced an equity
       incentive and employee stock ownership plan, covering more than 880 core management members and key
       employees over multiple phases. This approach aligns the interests of shareholders, the Company and our core
       team, driving rapid growth in both scale and performance.


IV.    I N S I S T I N G O N T H E G L O B A L I Z A T I O N S T R A T E G Y A N D L E T T I N G T H E “W O R L D
       MANAGING THE WORLD”

       Hisense Home Appliances remains committed to its globalization strategy and continuously enhancing the
       influence of its own brands in the global market. During 2024, the overseas revenue of the Company exceeded
       RMB35.6 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 28%. Among them, Hisense refrigerators achieved
       outstanding performance in the overseas market, with record high market share in a number of markets, with
       the share of Europe reaching 10.3% and that of South Africa exceeding 34%. Overseas gross profit margins
       continued to rise, and profitability continued to improve for the third consecutive year. Since 2006 when our
       then leader put forward the strategy of “focusing on overseas markets”, we have set up 36 industrial parks and
       production bases around the world, with 30 research and development institutes and 64 overseas companies
       and offices. The Company insisted on deepening sports marketing and has continuously sponsored top world
       events. Following the successful sponsorship of the FIFA World Cup Russia 2018 and the FIFA World Cup
       Qatar 2022, Hisense is officially becoming the first global official partner of the FIFA Club World Cup
       2025, joining hands with FIFA for the third time to jointly create an upcoming World Cup and showcase the
       brand’s appeal to consumers around the globe. At the same time, the Company has further integrated research,
       production and sales to optimize its sales structure. Moving forward, Hisense will continue to embed itself
       in local communities, serving local areas and contributing to local areas, realizing the change from “China
       managing the world” to “the world managing the world”.


V.     INSISTING ON DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION AND INTEGRATING BIG MODEL
       TECHNOLOGY

       Hisense Home Appliances remains firmly committed to digitalization and intelligence to reshape its
       sustainable development capability for the future. At present, we have initiated digital transformation,
       completed the initial design of the reform program and entered the stage of substantive reform of our
       businesses. For example, we have promoted intelligent operation management in the supply chain, which has
       resulted in a 37.59% reduction in material numbers, a 25.8% year-on-year shortening of order fulfillment cycle
       for core indicators and a 7.5% year-on-year increase in the order guarantee rate. We have carried out a full-
       scale digital transformation in intelligent manufacturing, introducing advanced technologies such as automated
       robots, AI and 5G, which has resulted in a 10% year-on-year improvement in the cost of manufacturing a
       single unit and a 14.9% year-on-year increase in UPPH (units produced per hour) in 2024. We released our
       proprietary Xinghai large model and deeply integrated DeepSeek and other technologies to redefine the
       standard of whole-house intelligent experience, significantly enhancing the humanization, intelligence and
       interactive experience of home appliances. Through comprehensive digital transformation, we will provide
       solid support for the enterprise’s high-quality and sustainable development, and enhance Hisense’s own “new
       quality productive force”.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   5
Chairman’s Statement


VI.     INSISTING ON GREEN MANUFACTURING TO BUILD A LIGHTHOUSE FACTORY

        Hisense Home Appliances remains committed to the concept of green manufacturing, so that green has become
        an important pillar for “building 100 year old Hisense” and become the permanent background color of the
        Hisense brand. We have pushed forward the “digitalization and intelligence upgrading” and promoted green,
        low-carbon and sustainable development with more than 20 pioneering technologies in the industry. The
        Huangdao factory of Hisense Hitachi was selected as a global “lighthouse factory” and became the world’s
        first “lighthouse factory” for multi-line central air conditioners. We have actively responded to the country’s
        “dual-carbon” strategy by publishing the “Hisense Home Appliances 2024 Carbon Neutral White Paper”
        and announcing our dual-carbon commitment at the ESG Global Leadership Conference 2024: to achieve
        operational carbon peak by no later than 2026 and to achieve operational carbon neutrality by no later than
        2050. At the same time, we foster collaborative innovation across our value chain, working with our upstream
        and downstream partners to develop low-carbon technologies and emission reduction solutions along the value
        chain to improve resource utilization efficiency in procurement, logistics, warehousing and recycling, and
        utilize the “Internet + recycling” model to achieve full monitoring and management of the recycling process,
        so as to jointly promote green and low-carbon development.


VII. INSISTING ON SHAREHOLDERS’ RETURNS AND DEEPENING INVESTOR VALUE

        Hisense Home Appliances has always placed shareholder value creation at the core of its business, and has
        made the enhancement of investor returns an important goal of the Company’s high-quality development.
        During the year, we implemented the A Share Repurchase Plan to grant incentives to participants under the
        Employee Stock Ownership Plan and create a long-term incentive effect. In the past two years, along with the
        rapid growth of our results, we have also increased our dividend payout ratio from 30% to 50% of net profit
        attributable to the parent company, with a significant increase of 95.9% year-on-year in the dividend per share
        for 2023, and proposed increasing the 2024 dividend to RMB1.23, representing a year-on-year increase of
        21.4%. Over the past ten years, we have cumulatively distributed dividends of approximately RMB5.05 billion
        to our shareholders and repurchased shares of RMB550 million, steadfastly sharing the fruits of our corporate
        development with all investors.


        At the 55th anniversary celebration, Hisense Group formally put forward the new goal of “building a world-
        class enterprise and achieving a world-class brand”. Hisense Home Appliances will accelerate the pace of
        development, focus on scale breakthroughs and industrial upgrading, and actively shine in the competition of
        hundreds of billions of dollars. We firmly believe that: though the storm has come and the road is arduous and
        lengthy, if we press on unceasingly, we shall surely reach our destination. We hope that all investors will join
        hands with us to create a brilliant future together!




6     Annual Report 2024
Corporate Information


REGISTERED OFFICE IN CHINA                           TELEPHONE


No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui, Shunde, Foshan,        (852)    2593 5622
Guangdong Province, The People’s Republic of China   (86-757) 2836 2866


PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                       FAX

Room 3101-3105, Singga Commercial Centre, No 148     (852)    2802 8085
Connaught Road West, Hong Kong                       (86-757) 2836 1055


SECRETARY FOR THE BOARD OF                           EMAIL ADDRESS
DIRECTORS & COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                     hxjdzqb@hisense.com
Board Secretary: Ms. Zhang Yu Xin
Company Secretary: Ms. Wong Tak Fong                 INTERNET WEBSITE

AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                           hxjd.hisense.cn


Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                      AUDITORS
Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
                                                     ShineWing Certified Public Accountants
INVESTOR COMMUNICATION CENTRE                        9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District,
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited    Beijing, the People’s Republic of China
Shops 1712-1716,17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong




                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   7
Management Discussion and Analysis


I.     STATUS OF THE INDUSTRY IN WHICH THE COMPANY OPERATED DURING THE
       REPORTING PERIOD

       1.       Overview of the Domestic Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioning (“HVAC”) Market


               (1)        Central air-conditioning market


                          According to the statistics from AICON (www.aicon.com.cn), the overall market size of the
                          central air-conditioning industry decreased by 12.5% year-on-year in 2024. In the context of a
                          cooling market, the concentration of brands has increased, with multi-split systems remaining
                          dominant products in the central air-conditioning market.


                          The engineering market has experienced a downturn due to the decline in the property fitting-
                          out furnishing market, the reduction of large-scale public construction projects, and other
                          factors. The demand for previously high-demand new niche markets has weakened; however,
                          high-end property fitting-out furnishing support projects and industrial projects were still
                          resilient. Driven by national policies such as the “Dual Carbon Goals” and the “National Action
                          Plan for Promoting Large-scale Equipment Renewal and Consumer Goods Trade-ins” (《推動大
                          規模設備更新和消費品以舊換新的行動方案》), the market of existing stock, such as industrial
                          retrofitting, may leave room for future growth in the central air-conditioning.


                          The home fit-out retail market was affected by the sluggish real estate sector, thus experiencing
                          a year-on-year decline of 17% in scale. Amidst the trend of consumer segmentation, the demand
                          for the improvement market remained robust. The market share for high-end offerings targeting
                          large residential units and villas, such as dual-supply systems and multi-constant power systems,
                          witnessed an increase. Additionally, energy-saving and intelligent air-conditioning products
                          were increasingly preferred.


               (2)        Household air-conditioning market


                          In 2024, the air-conditioning market exhibited a trend of “cooling first and warming afterward.”
                          According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC (奧維雲網), the annual retail volume
                          of the domestic air-conditioner market fell by 1.7% year-on-year, while retail sales fell by 2.1%
                          year-on-year.


                          In the second half of 2024, driven by national subsidy policies, the demand from the air-
                          conditioner market was effectively stimulated, revealing an improving structural trend.
                          Among them, the fresh air conditioner market grew rapidly, with the market share of fresh air
                          conditioners in online and offline retail sales increasing by 5.1 and 8.6 percentage points year-
                          on-year, respectively, according to monitoring data from AVC. The national subsidy policies
                          have accelerated the popularization of high-efficiency products, thereby unleashing demand
                          in lower-tier markets. Product categories featuring fresh air, integrated, and AI-driven smart
                          products have emerged as new trends for market growth.




8    Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


   2.   Overview of the Domestic Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliances Market


        (1)   Domestic refrigerator and freezer market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume of the domestic
              refrigerator market increased by 4.9% year-on-year in 2024 and the retail sales increased by 7.6%
              year-on-year. Driven by national subsidy policies, the refrigerator industry experienced growth
              in both volume and sales, while steadily advancing towards the high-end segment. Concurrently,
              with the deepening trend of integration in home appliances and home furnishings, the demand
              for large capacity, health and freshness-preserving features, and built-in models continues to
              rise.


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume of the domestic
              freezer market in 2024 declined by 2.1% year-on-year, while the retail sales declined by 5.1%
              year-on-year. During the period, the demand for household freezer declined, experiencing three
              consecutive quarters of contraction. However, with the implementation of national subsidy
              policies, the freezer market gradually recovered in the fourth quarter, achieving a growth of
              2.5%.


        (2)   Domestic washing machine market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume of washing
              machines increased by 7.3% year-on-year in 2024. Drum washing machines continued to lead
              the market, while dryers and washer-dryer sets emerged as core growth engines. The washing
              machine market is gradually shifting to technology-driven development of high-end, health and
              home integration.


        (3)   Domestic kitchen appliance market


              According to the omni-channel aggregated data from AVC, the retail volume of large kitchen
              and bathroom appliance increased by 5.7% year-on-year in 2024.


              D r i v e n b y t h e n a t i o n a l s u b s i d y p o l i c y a n d r e p l a c e m e n t d e m a n d, t h e k i t c h e n a p p l i a n c e
              industry has entered a new cycle of structural adjustment. Rigid demand categories (hoods,
              stoves, electric water heaters and gas water heaters) returned to the core of the industry
              and demonstrated certain growth resilience; quality-life-demand categories (dishwashers,
              disinfection cabinets, built-in microwave combi ovens and water purifiers) entered a fast-
              growth track, with retail sales increasing by 16.4% year-on-year. Among them, dishwashers
              upgraded significantly in structure, leading the market with a growth rate of 17.2%. Driven
              by policies, the kitchen appliances industry is accelerating its development towards large
              capacity, integration and intelligence, and the increment in the lower-tier markets is particularly
              remarkable.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024         9
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.       Overview of the Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management
                Market


                According to the data from relevant think-tanks, the global automobile sales reached 89 million
                units in 2024, reflecting a year-on-year increase of 2.1%. Sales of new energy vehicles totalled
                18.24 million units, representing a year-on-year growth of 24.4%. Among them, the sales of new
                energy vehicles in China reached 12.866 million units, with a penetration rate of approximately
                40.9%, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.5%. The Chinese market remained to serve as a
                strong driving force underpinning the robust development of new energy vehicles globally. In the
                context of increasingly stringent global environmental policies, the demand for compressors equipped
                with more environmentally friendly and energy-efficient refrigerants, as well as integrated thermal
                management systems, grew rapidly. The industry will accelerate its transformation towards integration,
                electrification, intelligence, networking, and sharing.


       4.       Overview of the Smart Home Market


                According to the data from AVC, the penetration rate of smart home appliances in the domestic market
                continued to grow in 2024. In terms of the share in the offline market, smart air conditioners accounted
                for 94.3% (+4.2%), while smart refrigerators accounted for 57.6% (+10.5%). In terms of the share
                in the online market, smart air conditioners accounted for 84.9% (+9.8%), and smart refrigerators
                accounted for 54.2% (+12.0%). The significant year-on-year increases in intelligence rates across
                major appliances categories reflects growing consumer demand for energy efficiency, environmental
                protection, health management, and deep intelligence. Meanwhile, the smart home market is poised
                to experience the dual drivers from technological innovation and consumer upgrades in 2025. The
                rise of AI models, such as DeepSeek, is rapidly reshaping the smart home appliance ecosystem,
                driving a transition from “passive connectivity” to “active recognition.” The innovative paradigm
                of “foundational models plus vertical scenarios” propels smart home appliances from individual
                functionality optimization to holistic household cognition synergy. Backed by policies backing
                and technological breakthroughs, the smart home market is expected to accelerate towards a larger
                industrial scale.


       5.       Overview of Overseas Home Appliance Market


                According to the data from the Industry Online, in 2024, the export volume of refrigerators and
                freezers rose by 20% year-on-year, and the export volume of air conditioner industry rose by 28%
                year-on-year, with that of washing machine industry rising by 17% year-on-year. In 2024, the sudden
                onset of the Red Sea crisis, coupled with intensified trade protectionism and escalating of geopolitical
                competition, have led to greater uncertainty in the home appliance sector’s overseas expansion. On the
                other hand, the economic recovery in emerging markets, the release of demographic dividends and the
                increase in penetration rate of the home appliance industry have also driven industry’s rapid growth.
                At the same time, mature markets in Europe and the U.S. are gradually deepening scenario-driven and
                intelligent trends, continuously upgrading the industry structure.

      Note:     According to the data from AVC, smart air conditioners and smart refrigerators refer to products with wifi
                connectivity.




10   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


           In terms of categories, the overall demand for air-conditioning products in overseas markets improved
           significantly and maintained a growth trend. This growth was mainly driven by the increase in
           demand brought about by global climate change and the higher overall competitiveness of China’s
           air-conditioning industry in the global market. With relatively low air-conditioner penetration in
           emerging countries, there is still significant potential for future growth. Refrigerators and freezers have
           demonstrated particularly impressive performance in the South American market, while the African
           market has also achieved double-digit year-on-year growth due to favorable demand.


II.   PRIMARY BUSINESS IN WHICH THE COMPANY WAS ENGAGED DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD

      1.   HVAC Business


           (1)    Central air-conditioner business


                  In 2024, amidst the dual challenge posed by persistent downturn of the real estate market and
                  the contraction of public construction projects, the central air-conditioner business, guided by
                  China’s “Dual Carbon Goals” and urban renewal policies, achieved steady sales growth through
                  technological innovation. Its market share in the domestic multi-split systems market exceeded
                  20%, continually leading the way forward in the industry.


                  i.     Smart home solutions, technology tailored to life


                         The Hisense brand has carried out innovation with focusing on users’ “worry-free life”
                         and launched the 5G + Honor Home series of central air conditioners. In response to
                         the demand for removing formaldehyde in newly decorated houses, the Hisense 5G+
                         Glory Home features a proprietary, high-speed Internet of Things module specifically
                         designed for central air conditioning, equipped with its own 5G network. This ensures
                         that even new users without Wi-Fi can remotely control their air conditioning anytime,
                         anywhere, with a one-touch solution for removing formaldehyde in newly decorated
                         houses. Meanwhile, by incorporating an active comprehensive air management system
                         that automatically links multiple air devices throughout the home, it facilitates self-
                         awareness and self-regulation, thereby achieving active intelligent control of air quality
                         through AI. For instance, in the presence of children or pets, the air conditioning system
                         will actively sense variations in indoor temperature, humidity, and air quality, and then
                         autonomously adjust to ensure a fresh atmosphere. Meanwhile, the Company’s newly
                         launched fresh air indoor unit has revolutionized conventional fresh air technology and
                         performance standards, incorporating all three of air purification, cleanliness, and oxygen
                         enrichment. It boasts advanced features such as temperature and humidity regulation,
                         efficient ventilation, and integrated control with air conditioning. According to the report
                         from AICON, Hisense maintained its leading position in the domestic smart central air-
                         conditioner market in 2024.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   11
Management Discussion and Analysis


                               The Hitachi brand, anchored in the principles of intelligent foresight and comfort-
                               oriented control, has created the “home that breathes intelligently” for its users. The top-
                               freon and floor-water (天氟地水) Smart Enjoy series offered a comprehensive intelligent
                               multi-connected system, delivering an integrated solution for both heating and cooling
                               that efficiently meets the core demands of users in East and Central China for optimal
                               heating in winter and year-round comfort from temperature control. In 2024, its sales
                               volume increased by nearly 20%. The household smart air customization system has
                               been upgraded to the home-feel 2.0 version, which deeply integrates three core modules
                               of air conditioning, underfloor heating, and fresh air circulation, and automatically
                               optimizes the operation of the equipment based on the big data of global users. Users can
                               effortlessly enjoy intelligently coordinated adjustments of temperature, humidity, and
                               fresh air volume without complex operations, resulting in a responsiveness improvement
                               of 5 to 10 minutes compared to manual modes. Furthermore, with an energy-saving
                               performance of 8%, this innovative achievement has successfully secured the Aipulan
                               “Smart Technology Award” at AWE 2024.


                               York’s VRF brand meticulously customizes and innovatively develops two-connected
                               supply products, crafting an experience of “seamless luxury care” for its users. The
                               newly launched product features an innovative design that integrates top-freon and floor-
                               water with top-freon and hot water, offering an ecosystem-level solution for discerning
                               clients seeking a comprehensive underfloor heating and hot water experience. In 2024,
                               its market share in the segmented field of top-freon and floor-water exceeded 20%,
                               maintaining its leadership in the industry.


                          ⅱ.   Full-scene engineering solutions, using innovative technologies to address intricate
                               demands


                               The Hisense brand focuses on the application of extreme environmental scenarios and
                               robustly introduces the M3 series of comprehensive scene solutions. With its first-
                               of-class all-around operational capability ranging from -30 to 58℃, the M3 series
                               transcends the limits of extreme cold and intense heat. It has been validated to withstand
                               category 17 typhoons and magnitude 9 earthquakes, making it adaptable to the complex
                               conditions of high-altitude cold regions, coastal typhoons, and seismic belts, ensuring
                               round-the-clock stable performance for commercial complexes and research institutions.


                               The Hitachi brand focuses on the renewal market with energy-saving technologies,
                               providing full lifecycle support from diagnosis of the current situation, customization of
                               solutions and recycling of old equipment. The latest generation of water-source multi-
                               connected systems has broken the efficiency ceiling of multi-connected units and earns it
                               the title of Innovative Product at the China Refrigeration. In 2024, it captured over 40%
                               of the market share in water-source multi-connected systems. The IoT multi-connected
                               unit, SET-FREE AⅢ, utilized intelligent control algorithms to achieve performance
                               breakthroughs under harsh conditions, while providing smart air solutions for upscale
                               commercial spaces. Throughout the year, the Hitachi brand maintained its leading
                               position in the property fitting-out furnishing market with a market share exceeding 20%.




12   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


             ⅲ.     Future ecological construction system, supporting urban transformation with
                    hardcore technologies


                    T h e c o m p a n y c o n s i s t e n t l y p r i o r i t i z e d t h e n e e d s o f s p a c e u s e r s, t r a n s f o r m i n g
                    technological innovation into tangible comfort benefits. In the field of smart buildings,
                    the focus was centered on the integration of “HVAC + energy + specialized scenarios”
                    through the introduction of the Hisense ECO-B smart building solution. This initiative
                    facilitated the intelligent interconnection of equipment such as water machines, multi-
                    connected machines, and lighting within building spaces, significantly enhancing the
                    energy efficiency and intelligent capabilities of the buildings. Within the campus of
                    230,000 square meters of Jinjiang Intelligent Manufacturing College, the ECO-B Smart
                    Building Management System provides an integrated solution for creating the immersive
                    reading environment in the library and the personalized temperature control adjustment
                    in the dormitories. The 22.5% growth in the smart building business fully demonstrates
                    Hisense Central Air Conditioning’s ability to replace manual control with intelligent
                    algorithms, transforming buildings into thinking living organisms.


                    In the field of water chiller business, the Company has globally launched the first-
                    of-class positive pressure, liquid floating, variable frequency, oil-free centrifugal
                    compressor series and its complete units, which were awarded the Gold Award at China
                    Refrigeration Exhibition. Meanwhile, the Company continues to strengthen its presence
                    in the heat pump fresh air business. The Hitachi brand has launched ultra-energy-
                    efficient total heat exchangers for buildings and high static pressure DC fresh air indoor
                    units, meeting users’ demands for ultra energy efficiency and high static pressure fresh
                    air.


             ⅳ.     The innovative channel integration, using high-quality services to shorten the
                    distance between technology and users


                    D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e C o m p a n y p r o m o t e d p r o d u c t s u i t e m a r k e t i n g b y
                    integrating multiple product line technologies. Throughout the year, the deep integration
                    of 924 channels led to a 14% growth in the scale of the terminal market. Services
                    constitute the ultimate “closed loop” in achieving quality experiences. In terms of after-
                    sales support, the Company has established a comprehensive one-stop service process.
                    Currently, the Company operates 139 self-owned installation service centres and over
                    700 installation service units across the country, with more than 100 detailed standards
                    of meticulous installation, alongside a ten-year warranty for complete units.


       (2)   Household air-conditioner business


             The household air-conditioner business upheld the mission of “building air conditioner as the
             central indoor air housekeeper, improving the living environment and benefiting hundreds of
             millions of families,” while focusing on upgrading the technologies and products of Hisense and
             Kelon. According to the omni-channel monitoring data from AVC, the online and offline retail
             sales of household air-conditioners increased by 10.8% and 21.2%, respectively in 2024, which
             is 0.1 points and 6.0 points higher than the industry growth rate, respectively, representing a
             growth against the trend.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       13
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          i.   Hisense Air Conditioner, let your home breathe freely


                               Hisense Air Conditioner understands the unique demands of every family for air
                               quality and has launched fresh air conditioner family products such as the Tresor
                               C3 series, the Spring Breeze X6, and the Little Oxygen Bar X7. Regardless of the
                               changing seasons, these products can automatically adjust to provide the most suitable
                               temperature, humidity, cleanliness, and freshness. Empowered by AI, technology
                               becomes more human-centric. Hisense Air Conditioners has transformed the “AI Air
                               Housekeeper” of the Tresor C3 series into users’ personal air consultant, with the ability
                               to automatically sense environmental changes. Upon detecting a rise in indoor PM2.5
                               levels, it promptly activates its purification mode. When the air is detected to be dry,
                               the humidifying function activates automatically. Through the Hisense AiHome App,
                               users can customize their unique air formulas with one tap: the “Bama Wellness Mode”
                               for morning exercises, the “Powerful Formaldehyde Removal Mode” for moving into a
                               new residence, the “Energy-Saving Mode” for the sweltering heat, and even the “Drying
                               Mode” during the rainy season, truly putting technology at the service of daily life.
                               According to monitoring data from AVC, Hisense’s fresh air air-conditioners were set
                               to lead the industry in terms of both sales volume and revenue in 2024, with the Tresor
                               72C310 model reigning supreme in the fresh air cabinet market segment. In the offline
                               sales rankings for fresh air air-conditioners, six out of ten best-selling models are
                               Hisense products, reflecting users’ genuine feedback on the stability and effectiveness of
                               Hisense’s fresh air technology.


                          ⅱ.   Kelon Air Conditioners, defining good air for youngsters


                               Kelon Air Conditioner forges a close connection with younger users, focusing on two
                               incremental markets of sleep economy and healthy home, while continuing to strengthen
                               the brand’s youthful image. In 2024, Kelon Air Conditioner made technology more
                               humanistic through three major upgrades of “technology that can understand users’
                               needs, changes that can be seen in effects, and interactive experiences that users can
                               engage in with ease”, establishing an emotional resonance with users. The sleep quiet
                               technology minimized operational noise to a mere 16 decibels, while the AI energy-
                               saving algorithm automatically optimized household energy consumption. Additionally,
                               the retro-designed units were frequently featured in home decoration showcases on
                               Xiaohongshu. The LT product series has been equipped with National Level 1 Energy
                               Efficiency Standard technology, utilizing adaptive frequency conversion to achieve a
                               harmonious balance of energy conservation and quiet operation, fully catering to the
                               year-round needs of households. The LF product series has been specifically designed for
                               families with infants and has received certification from the China Household Electrical
                               Appliance Research Institute as a “baby-friendly room air conditioner,” which proved its
                               effectiveness in filtering allergens such as pollen and dust mites. These endeavors have
                               earned Kelon Air Conditioner the “2024 China Air Conditioning Industry Innovation
                               Brand Award” and established it as a “trusted healthy air conditioning brand among
                               consumers.”




14   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


              ⅲ.     Implementing national policies to develop a low-carbon future


                     Hisense Air Conditioner consistently adheres to the principle of “transforming national
                     policies into the welfare of the people.” In response to the national appliance renewal
                     subsidy policies, all seven series of products have successfully achieved green product
                     certification. Among these, six products, including the Tresor C300, simultaneously
                     earned three-star carbon label certification, allowing consumers to enjoy an additional
                     benefit from the Company’s replacement subsidy upon purchase. Through the combined
                     subsidy efforts of government and enterprises, the market share of mid-to-high-end air
                     conditioning products increased by 0.6 percentage points. In response to the renewal
                     demands in lower-tier markets, the Company has established a nationwide old appliance
                     recycling network, continually advancing its green transformation and digital service
                     upgrades.


   2.   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


        (1)   Refrigerator and Freezer Business


              In 2024, the Company’s refrigerator and freezer business, grounded in the dual-brand strategy of
              Ronshen and Hisense, focused on the core tenets of health preservation and vacuum technology.
              Supported by “national subsidies” policies for home appliances, the Company aimed to achieve
              a simultaneous enhancement in both quality and quantity. According to the omni-channel
              monitoring data from AVC, in 2024, retail sales of Hisense-branded refrigerators increased by
              21% year-on-year, boosting its market share by 0.8 percentage points and ranking second in
              the industry, while retail sales in the mid-to-high-end segment grew by 19.8% year-on-year.
              Additionally, the market share of the freezer business increased by 1.1 percentage points.


              i.     Ronshen refrigerator, revolutionizing the household preservation experience with
                     nature-inspired freshness technology


                     Ronshen Refrigerator has continuously deepened its focus on three major technological
                     directions: “fresh preservation, health, and embedded design,” propelling industry
                     advancements through product innovation and standards setting. The 560WILL Fresh
                     Preservation Embedded Refrigerator, developed based on the WILL Natural Fresh
                     Preservation System, pioneeringly simulated a natural ecological storage environment,
                     ensuring that fruits and vegetables maintain a “freshly picked” quality even after seven
                     days of storage. This product rapidly ascended to the industry’s bestseller list after its
                     launch, breaking into the top four within three weeks and ultimately securing a place
                     among the top ten for the year. The highly sought-after 506 Dual Clean Pro Embedded
                     Refrigerator, through the collaborative innovation of the Smart Sensing Dual Clean
                     System and IDP Active Sterilization Technology, precisely tackled the challenge of odor
                     permeation, repeatedly ranking as the top product in the offline market and earning the
                     2024 Aipulan Golden Reputation Award.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   15
Management Discussion and Analysis


                               A c c o r d i n g t o m o n i t o r i n g d a t a f r o m A V C, t h e o v e r a l l m a r k e t s h a r e o f R o n s h e n
                               refrigerators increased by 0.7 percentage points in 2024, with a year-on-year rise of 1
                               percentage point in the offline mid-to-high-end and high-end segments. The Company
                               proactively responded to national policies aimed at upgrading consumption by
                               innovatively launching a dual-subsidy model of “government energy efficiency subsidies
                               + enterprise bulk purchase discounts,” reducing the renewal cost for users by over 25%.
                               As a key architect of the embedded appliance standards within the industry, Ronshen
                               refrigerators spearheaded the establishment of a standardized system of installation for
                               embedded appliances, thereby facilitating industrial upgrades in the context of increasing
                               integration in home living.


                          ⅱ.   Hisense refrigerator, pioneering a high-end fresh-storage revolution with vacuum
                               technology


                               Hisense Refrigerator has achieved a significant technological breakthrough in the field
                               of vacuum preservation. The innovative vacuum magnetic field preservation technology
                               d e v e l o p e d i n 2024 e s t a b l i s h e d a c o n s t a n t t e m p e r a t u r e, l o w-p r e s s u r e, l o w-o x y g e n
                               environment, coupled with the orderly arrangement of water molecules induced by a
                               magnetic field. This enabled beef steaks to retain cellular vitality even after seven days
                               of refrigeration, thus pioneering a dual preservation mechanism of “vacuum oxidation
                               prevention + magnetic field enzyme activity suppression.” Such advancement fervently
                               propelled the innovation and upgrading of vacuum preservation technologies. In the third
                               quarter of 2024, the flagship 565 vacuum refrigerator equipped with this technology and
                               priced at the level of RMB10,000, was set to launch, thereby enhancing the brand's share
                               in the high-end market by 1.6 percentage points.


                               As a leader in the industry standards for vacuum preservation chambers, Hisense
                               Refrigerator has developed an intelligent storage and preservation solution that caters
                               to complete user experience. The Tresor Series features one-touch vacuum segregation
                               and an active sterilization and deodorization system, which create a safe preservation
                               environment with a 99.99% antibacterial efficacy. In 2024, the Tresor 600 vacuum
                               refrigerator received the AWE Excellent Product Award. With its innovative flat-
                               integrated and zero-distance opening design, Hisense Refrigerator embodied the concept
                               of an artistic kitchen, while addressing the aesthetic needs of users’ living spaces.
                               During the national subsidy period, the Company reduced the trade-in cost for consumers
                               through a combination of government energy efficiency subsidies + corporate bulk
                               purchase discounts, while simultaneously launching the after-sales service policy with
                               a “three-year full warranty for refrigerators and a twelve-year warranty for compressors
                               and vacuum pumps,” which significantly enhanced the quality renewal experience for
                               users.




16   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


             ⅲ.        Freezer business, driving the upgrade of freshness preservation experience with
                       scenario-based innovation


                       T h e f r e e z e r b u s i n e s s c o n c e n t r a t e s o n f r o s t-f r e e a i r c o o l i n g a n d d e e p-f r e e z i n g
                       technologies, while fostering differentiated competitive advantages through innovative
                       scenario applications. According to monitoring data from AVC, Hisense’s overall market
                       share in freezers increased by 1.1 percentage points year-on-year in 2024, with its high-
                       end market share rising by 1.6 percentage points year-on-year.


                       Ronshen Freezer launched fresh cube series, integrating -40℃ deep freeze rapid freezing
                       with dynamic sterilization technology. Its modular design achieves a remarkable
                       30% enhancement in space utilization, with four online models securing their places
                       in the industry’s top 20. Hisense Freezer, backed by years of foresight in air cooling
                       technology, has surmounted the traditional challenges of frost formation with its fourth-
                       generation advancements. The 165L freezer features an elevated design and 360°
                       circulating airflow, striking a balance in experience between “three-second freezing” and
                       “frost-free cooling.”


                       In response to the storage requirements for premium ingredients, the Hisense ice bars
                       series innovatively developed a five-zone independent temperature control system,
                       providing a precise storage environment for items such as red wine and cigars. The
                       technology of deep freezing reduces cellular damage to below 5%. In 2024, the overall
                       market share of Hisense ice bars series increased by 0.5 percentage points year-on-year.


       (2)   Washing Machine Business


             Continuously deepening technological innovation and achieving breakthroughs in health-
             oriented washing and care, the washing machine business has attained the third position in terms
             of global shipment volumes within China, while securing the top growth rate among the world’s
             top 10 brands.


             Based on precise insights into consumer trends, Hisense washing machines have continuously
             innovated and upgraded their cleaning technology to meet user demands. For the washing
             m a c h i n e s, t h e C o m p a n y h a s d e v e l o p e d p a t e n t e d t e c h n o l o g y o f r u n n i n g w a t e r w a s h i n g
             technology, which enhances cleaning power by over 22% by invigorating the water, thereby
             achieving a cleanliness ratio of 1.25 and setting an industry benchmark. Such technology
             softens water, while eliminating over 93% of scale, preventing laundry from yellowing or
             hardening. It safeguards user health in real-time, achieving a fungal elimination rate of 99.99%,
             ensuring deep cleanliness while filtering and expelling lint throughout the washing process. This
             meticulous attention to hygiene offers a healthy and caring washing experience for pet owners,
             families with children, and individuals with allergies. Currently, products equipped with
             Hisense’s running water washing technology are widely acclaimed by consumers. According to
             the data from AVC, the Hisense Piano Master i3 washing machine has successfully claimed the
             weekly top on the national bestseller list.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       17
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          F u rth ermo re, lev era g in g its indus try-le a ding ga rme nt ca re te c hnology to me e t the ever-
                          evolving drying and care demands of consumers, Hisense has launched the Marshmallow
                          series washing and drying set. Equipped with skin-care grade clothes care technology, efficient
                          drying technology, and 6D precise drying detection technology, this series has gained immense
                          popularity among consumers since its launch, driving a more than threefold increase in
                          Hisense’s dryer sales.


                          In the realm of consumption among youngsters, Hisense washing machine seamlessly merges
                          v i n t a g e a e s t h e t i c d e s i g n w i t h m o d e r n t e c h n o l o g y, w h i l e t r a n s c e n d i n g t h e c o n v e n t i o n a l
                          boundaries of washing machines. It has launched the Roman Holiday series, inspired by
                          romance and freedom, featuring a body with soft and rounded edges, a Roman green color
                          scheme, and a Morandi gradient glaze technique, which brings young users a dual satisfaction
                          of emotional value and laundry experience. The Roman Holiday series has garnered prestigious
                          accolades, including the 2024 International CMF Design Gold Award, the 2025 CES Innovation
                          Award, and the AWE Design Gold Award, greatly endearing itself to consumers.


               (3)        Kitchen appliances


                          Hisense kitchen appliances consistently prioritizes user needs in refining its products and
                          services. While continuously deepening technological innovation, it optimizes the layout of
                          consumer experiences, resulting in a 72% year-on-year growth in the kitchen appliance business
                          scale, providing more households with kitchen and bathroom solutions that seamlessly blend
                          functionality and aesthetic appeal.


                          From its aesthetic design to functional details, Hisense kitchen and bathroom attentively listens
                          to real-world user needs. During the year, it launched 34 models of new mid-to-high-end
                          products iteratively, including combinations of hoods and stoves, dishwashers, as well as electric
                          and gas heating appliances. The W8 and C3 Tresor Series, catering to the health-conscious
                          requirements of modern households, witnessed a remarkable 110% year-on-year increase in the
                          sales of high-end series, thanks to their minimalist aesthetic design and user-friendly interactive
                          experience. Furthermore, the online platform has leveraged favorable national subsidy policies
                          to optimize its structure, resulting in an increase in the sales proportion of mid-to-high-end
                          products to 50%. Meanwhile, the dishwasher category has achieved exponential growth by
                          leveraging eight core technologies such as UV waterway sterilization and intelligent dispensing.
                          The annual sales have witnessed a year-on-year increase by 152%, topping the industry in
                          terms of growth rate, which truly make the liberation of hands an integral part of daily life for
                          countless households.


       3.       Automotive Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management System Business


                A m i d t h e g l o b a l e n e r g y r e f o r m a n d t h e i n t e l l i g e n t t r a n s f o r m a t i o n o f t h e a u t o m o b i l e i n d u s t r y,
                Sanden Company has proactively advanced its transition from a compressor-centric parts supplier
                to a comprehensive thermal management system provider for new energy vehicles. It consistently
                delivers efficient, energy-saving, intelligent and reliable thermal management solutions to automobile
                manufacturers worldwide.




18   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (1)   Achieving a comprehensive breakthrough in thermal management systems and core
             components by advancing the efficacy of green technology


             Sanden Company focuses on the core demands from users of new energy vehicles for safety,
             efficiency, and comfort. Through innovative green technology, it has revolutionized thermal
             management systems and core components, thereby continually optimizing travel experiences.
             In response to concerns regarding the reduction in the battery life in winter, Sanden Company
             has independently developed the new generation of natural refrigerant integrated units (CRU),
             which improve the battery life in winter by 25%. Furthermore, the introduction of the innovative
             fifth-generation electric compressor, designed with a modular architecture, boasts a 20%
             reduction in operational noise compared to the industry average, fulfilling users’ aspirations
             for a high-quality driving experience characterized by both “efficiency and tranquility”. In the
             face of the challenge posed by extremely low temperatures, the advanced thick film heating
             technology enables simultaneous rapid warming of both the battery pack and the cabin in
             conditions as frigid as -30℃. This innovation not only ensures stable battery life in winter but
             also liberates users from the vexing difficulty of warming the interior of vehicles in severe cold.
             Addressing the space constraints typical of compact vehicles, Sanden Company has pioneered a
             split-type dual-layer air conditioning technology. Through the lightweight design of external fan
             housing, it has succeeded in reclaiming up to 12% more interior space, thereby offering urban
             users an unparalleled driving experience.


       (2)   Being firmly centered on “customer needs” for global layout to foster mutually beneficial
             ecosystems


             Focusing on the new trends of “electrification, intelligence, connectivity, and sharing” in the
             automotive industry, Sanden Company has meticulously restructured and outlined clientele
             maps along with clientele strategies, along with differentiated and customized market planning.
             In addressing strategic clients, Sanden Company has established a tripartite mechanism
             encompassing “headquarters-region-possession” collaboration, which deploys engineering
             teams to deeply integrate within clients’ research and development cycles, thereby facilitating
             joint development of thermal management technologies and forward-looking preassessment
             of demands. In addressing the high-potential clients in the Chinese market, Sanden Company
             leverages localized research and development centre alongside flexible production lines to
             deliver customized solutions such as heat pump air conditioning systems, intelligent water
             heaters and others, which achieved a 20.8% year-on-year increase in supporting order amounts
             w i t h i n t h e C h i n e s e r e g i o n i n 2024. T h r o u g h o u r g l o b a l l a y o u t, w h i c h e n c o m p a s s e d f o u r
             major manufacturing bases and R&D centers in Japan, China, Europe, and the United States,
             Sanden Company has established an integrated mechanism of research, production and sales
             for customers’ proximity to supply and services, allowing for swift responses to empower our
             partners in seizing market opportunities.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       19
Management Discussion and Analysis


       4.       Tresor High-End Business


                The Hisense Tresor series steadfastly upholds the utmost quality, while merging the aesthetics of
                Eastern design with technology that embodies humanistic care. It is specifically crafted to provide
                high-end Chinese households with an aesthetically pleasing, tranquil, and harmonious lifestyle imbued
                with Eastern elegance. The Tresor series creates a comprehensive smart living ecosystem that breaks
                down the barriers between isolated spaces, establishing seamless connections among home appliances,
                home living, and family members. In 2024, the scale of the Tresor premium series witnessed a 52%
                year-on-year growth. Fueled by the trade-in policy, the Tresor premium series achieved a 120% year-
                on-year growth, contributing significantly to the escalating penetration of high-end home appliances
                within the industry. In terms of channel construction, the Tresor series continues to strengthen its
                connection with central air-conditioning specialty stores, driving a breakthrough in the size of the pre-
                installation market. From artists and smart homes to user-centric living environments, the Tresor series
                has emerged as a leader for the high-end lifestyle.


       5.       Smart Home Business


                Currently, the Company has integrated a proprietary Xinghai large model with DeepSeek, while
                launching the Hisense appliance-specific intelligent agent to create a comprehensive “Hisense all-
                scenario AI home appliance solution” from the users’ perspective. By merging the large model with our
                self-developed industry-leading expert database, the Hisense intelligent agent can deeply understand
                user needs, proactively think and reason, deliver professional solutions, and execute with precision,
                thus achieving truly holistic and continuous management.


                In the realm of air solutions, Hisense AI air housekeeper can achieve “optimal air quality with
                automatic regulation.” For instance, in a sports viewing scenario, a fan might say, “Hello HALI, a
                penalty kick is about to occur, and it feels a bit warm here.” The Hisense AI air housekeeper can
                conduct an in-depth deductive analysis based on the external environment and viewing context, and
                then activate a fan-exclusive mode that lowers the temperature to a comfortable 24℃ and initiates fresh
                air circulation to alleviate any tension. The Hisense AI air housekeeper can also implement human-
                sensing wind control; when users approach the air conditioner, it automatically switches to a gentle
                breeze to prevent discomfort. Moreover, when no occupants are detected, it automatically transitions
                into energy-saving mode. In addition, the Hisense AI air housekeeper can even continuously monitor
                the room’s air quality, and should it detect a significant deterioration, it promptly activates the fresh
                air mode and autonomously adjusts the fresh air volume to purify the air.


                In the realm of intelligent laundry care, Hisense’s AI laundry housekeeper embodies the principle of
                “instant response, tailored laundry.” When faced with the pet-hair dilemma, one needs only lament, “The
                sofa cover hasn’t been washed in two weeks, and it’s entirely covered in cat hair,” and the Hisense AI
                laundry expert will promptly adjust to the most powerful water flow, activating the disinfection and
                mite-removal mode. When the morning rush calls for a suit to be wrinkle-free, a simple request, “Hasten
                the care for this suit, need it ready in half an hour,” will prompt the AI laundry expert to initiate steam
                smoothing, maintain a constantly cool air cycle for dust removal, and automatically shorten the drying
                time, thereby ensuring the attire is impeccably maintained.




20   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


        In the realm of health preservation, Hisense’s AI culinary housekeeper allows for a clear overview of
        food within the refrigerator, while intelligently sensing ingredients and providing optimal preservation
        solutions. For instance, the built-in camera can recognize the marinade on the surface of lamb
        chops, understand the user’s need for rapid marination, and consequently adjust temperature and
        vacuum levels to achieve the optimal marinating process. As the marination approaches completion,
        it automatically awakens the oven for preheating. Meanwhile, the AI culinary housekeeper “not
        only perceives freshness but also unlocks new approach,” thus transforming itself into an intelligent
        nutritionist.


        The AI-powered home appliance full-scenario technological solution not only embodies Hisense’s
        advocacy of “integrating human-centric technology into daily life, and allowing people to enjoy every
        moment of wellness,” but also presents the ultimate answer for AI home appliances: simplifying the
        complex, entrusting technology with intricacies, and restoring simplicity to living.


   6.   Overseas Markets for Home Appliances Business


        During the Reporting Period, the Company proactively developed five key engines in overseas regions,
        deepened localization efforts, and intensified its sports marketing initiatives, leading to a continuous
        increase in the influence of its self-owned overseas brands. In 2024, overseas revenue increased by
        36% year-on-year with improving sales structure and increasing profitability.


        (1)    Europe Region


               During the period, Hisense’s Europe region capitalized on the opportunity presented by
               Euro 2024, while engaging in multifaceted interactions through brand promotion, product
               marketing, and e-commerce user operations. The region intensified investments in expanding
               into key markets and top channels, while continuously promoting the mid-to-high-end product
               matrix, which led to a rapid increase in home appliance revenue, with market shares across all
               categories experiencing a certain extent of growth. In 2024, the annual revenue from Hisense’s
               European white goods business increased by 35% year-on-year. Among these, the sales of
               refrigerators experienced a 23% year-on-year growth, with Hisense refrigerators holding
               a market share of 10.3%, representing an increase of 2.3 percentage points year-on-year.
               Localization in research and development led to a 33% year-on-year increase in the revenue of
               the household air conditioner business. The addition of large-capacity, high-efficiency washing
               machines established a competitive advantage for integrated washing and drying machines,
               resulting in an increase in revenue of 48% year-on-year.


        (2)    Americas Region


               During the period, Hisense’s Americas region concentrated on the Central and South American
               markets, enhancing its local refined operational capabilities while overcoming significant
               barriers to markets such as Brazil. In 2024, revenue from home appliances in the Americas
               region surged by 46.5% year-on-year. Among these, the sales of refrigerators focused on
               channel management, achieving a 70.7% increase in revenue. The household air conditioner
               business prioritized the development of specialized channels and successfully advanced the
               North American refrigerant transition project, resulting in an increase in overall revenue by 30%
               year-on-year, with the revenue from light commercial appliances soaring by 176%. Furthermore,
               the revenue from washing machines rose by 70%.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   21
Management Discussion and Analysis


               (3)        Middle East and Africa (MEA) Region


                          During the period, Hisense’s MEA region shaped brand appeal through sponsorship of sporting
                          events, while focusing on top-end stores to establish a strong offline brand presence. The brand
                          strength and channel efficacy consistently improved, resulting in a 27% year-on-year increase
                          in revenue for 2024. Among these, refrigerators have further deepened layout in high-end
                          channels such as flagship stores, with revenue increasing by 19.7% year-on-year, and a greater
                          proportion of high-end products. The sales of refrigerator and freezer products ascended to the
                          top of the market, with Hisense refrigerators in the South African market accounting for 34.1%
                          of total sales, representing a year-on-year increase of seven percentage points and securing the
                          top market position for two consecutive years. Progress has been made in expanding specialized
                          channels for air conditioners, with the light commercial appliance business driving an overall
                          revenue growth by 27% year-on-year in this category. Central air conditioner emphasizes
                          the application and study of technologies suited for high temperatures and sand-resistant
                          capacities, thus achieving an increase in revenue by 57% year-on-year, while washing machines
                          experienced a 39% rise in revenue year-on-year.


               (4)        Asia-Pacific Region


                          In 2024, Hisense’s Asia-Pacific region implemented multifaceted strategic layout, enhancing
                          its influence in regional markets through the restructuring of brand value and innovating
                          product technology. In the Australian market, the focus was on amplifying efforts in three
                          primary categories: air conditioners, washing machines, and kitchen appliances. Concurrently,
                          in the Japanese market, alongside the enhancement of product strength, the optimization of the
                          network of top-end experiential stores was also promoted. Furthermore, increased localized
                          investment targeted potential markets such as New Zealand, India, and Bangladesh. In 2024, the
                          Asia-Pacific region experienced a 15% year-on-year growth in revenue.


               (5)        ASEAN Region


                          During the period, the ASEAN region addressed the pain points of the regional market, while
                          reinforcing its core category layout, accelerating the coverage of its network of chains, and
                          continuously optimizing retail efficiency. In 2024, revenue from Hisense’s ASEAN region
                          increased by 32% year-on-year. The air conditioner business strengthened its construction
                          of specialized channels, resulting in a 45% year-on-year revenue growth, with coverage in
                          specialized channels increasing by 10 percentage points. The refrigerator and freezer business
                          focused on structural breakthroughs, with the market share in Malaysia increasing by 1.63
                          percentage points year-on-year, and in Thailand, by 1.13 percentage points year-on-year. The
                          washing machine business focused on promoting the running water washing series, thereby
                          achieving a 58.2% year-on-year revenue growth, accompanied by a continual improvement in
                          sales structure. The central air conditioner prioritized breakthroughs in specialized channels and
                          water machines, where the revenue increased by 80% year-on-year.




22   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


   7.   Channel and Service System Development


        (1)   T h e d e e p e n e d o m n i c h a n n e l l a y o u t f o r h i g h-q u a l i t y g r o w t h d r i v e n b y t h e e m e r g i n g
              ecosystem of business


              In 2024, the Company seized opportunities presented by diversified channel development,
              while expanding through emerging platforms, constructing a comprehensive marketing system,
              and innovating service scenarios, in order to achieve synergistic growth across all channels.
              On the one hand, it established an extensive live streaming matrix that deeply penetrated
              platforms such as Douyin and Kuaishou, among which, Douyin has created an all-round live
              streaming ecosystem of over 168 newly established live streaming rooms, while Kuaishou
              has developed an ecosystem comprising top-tier, niche, and mid-tier anchors. This strategic
              approach contributed to the industry’s highest sales during the 818 sales cycle, with the Double
              Eleven campaign securing the second-highest sales from the official flagship store. On the other
              hand, the differentiated activation platforms harnessed their potential, with Douyin leveraging
              sports marketing as a breakthrough, while enhancing brand visibility through the EURO 2024;
              Kuaishou fortified its marketing efforts by utilizing national subsidy resources, resulting in a
              significant increase in brand audience.


        (2)   Collaborating efforts with both established and proprietary channels to strengthen top-end
              service capabilities


              The Company accelerated the establishment of its specialized business system, with the total
              channel scale growing by 131% year-on-year in 2024 and a 43% increase in the number of
              touchpoints. Self-owned channels innovatively integrated "online engagement with offline
              services," while introducing new community service formats, and consolidating scenarios such
              as convenient services, trade-ins, and others, thereby effectively promoting the sales scale and
              service quality. The deepening of an omnichannel layout created a multifaceted growth engine
              for the Company, thus continuously reinforcing its industry-leading position.


        (3)   Upgrading of the comprehensive user operation system and redefining of the value of
              digital experience


              The Company reshaped user experiences with data-driven and scenario-integrated, realizing
              cross-brand precise identification and stratified operations by integrating user assets across
              the region and constructing a user dynamic tagging system, which effectively increases
              the repurchase rate. Concurrently, the Company developed the “Love Home Membership”
              ecosystem, streamlining the entire chain of purchasing, logistics, and installation into a cohesive
              process, achieving complete order visibility and accelerated response times for installation
              and repair requests to just two hours, with a total of 1.13 million active services rendered.
              Leveraging the momentum of an increase in the sales of smart home appliances, the Company
              aimed to establish a value ecosystem integrating “products + services + data.” This transition
              from isolated transactions to comprehensive user lifecycle value management has led to a year-
              on-year surge of 65% in monthly active users of the Hisense Love Home app, along with 14%
              enhancement in the Net Promoter Score (NPS) for our intelligent experience.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      23
Management Discussion and Analysis


         8.       Establishing a globalized intelligent supply chain and enabling lean manufacturing with digital
                  intelligence drive


                  The company is actively building an efficient, agile, transparent and sustainable global supply chain
                  system. Firstly, it deeply optimizes category management, promotes regional integrated procurement,
                  and continuously improves the supplier structure. Secondly, it promotes high-quality domestic
                  suppliers into overseas markets, and enhances the supply of overseas localized resources, thus forming
                  a hierarchical overseas supply system. Thirdly, it improves the risk prevention mechanism of the
                  overseas supply chain while simultaneously achieving dual-track backup of core materials. Finally, it
                  actively enhances the supply chain fulfillment capability. The fulfillment cycle of core orders has been
                  continuously optimized by 25.8%, and the order guarantee rate has increased by 7.5% year-on-year.


                  Leveraging the exemplary guiding role of the lighthouse factory, the Company has been steadfast in
                  promoting its intelligent-centric advanced manufacturing strategy. During the period, the Hisense-
                  Hitachi multi-connected machine factory received certification from the World Economic Forum (WEF),
                  becoming the first lighthouse factory for multi-connected machines globally. It has innovatively
                  created over 40 advanced scenarios across multiple industries. The rate of product development
                  pace accelerated by 37%, and UPPH (units produced per hour) increased by 14.9%. Meanwhile, the
                  global factory’s performance and overall operational capabilities continuously improve by actively
                  replicating advanced experiences. Additionally, the Company has added 11 new “National Intelligent
                  Manufacturing Capability Maturity Level 3” factories to enhance its data-driven quality prevention,
                  alerting and quality control capabilities, and to realize the intelligence, automation and flexibilization
                  of the production process.


III.     ANALYSIS TO PRINCIPAL FINANCIALS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

         (I)      MAJOR ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                  Did the Company make retrospective adjustments to or restatement of the accounting data of prior
                  years?


                  ✓Yes      □No


                  The reason of retroactive adjustments or restatement


                  The Ministry of Finance issued the “Interpretation No. 18 of Accounting Standards for Enterprises” on
                  6 December 2024. Regarding the accounting treatment of guarantee-type quality guarantees that are not
                  single performance obligations, the Company has made corresponding adjustments to the beginning-of-
                  period data accordingly. However, the following financial indicators are not affected.




24     Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


                                                                                                               Increase or decrease
                                                                                                               as compared to last
          Item                                                                 2024                    2023              year (%)                    2022

          Operating revenue (RMB)                                  92,745,611,109.52       85,600,189,224.06                  8.35      74,115,151,039.29

          Net profits attributable to shareholders of listed
            company (RMB)                                           3,347,881,773.89        2,837,322,754.58                 17.99       1,434,968,215.84

          Net profits after deducting non-recurring profit
            and loss attributable to shareholders of listed
            company (RMB)                                           2,605,848,900.08        2,355,069,261.87                 10.65         905,567,200.78

          Net cash flow from operating activities (RMB)             5,132,164,941.24       10,611,857,591.35                -51.64       4,032,382,602.38

          Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                  2.46                    2.08                 18.27                    1.05

          Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                2.46                    2.08                 18.27                    1.05

                                                                                                                   Increase of 0.63
          Weighted average rate of return on net assets (%)                   23.27                   22.64      percentage points                   13.13

                                                                                                                       Increase or
                                                                                                                       decrease as
                                                                                                                 compared to last
          Item                                                    At the end of 2024      At the end of 2023              year (%)     At the end of 2022

          Total assets (RMB)                                       69,701,939,817.33       65,946,495,555.67                  5.69      55,375,868,443.33

          Net assets attributable to shareholders of listed
            company (RMB)                                          15,455,626,606.63       13,580,174,485.95                 13.81      11,518,373,442.25



   (II)   QUARTERLY MAJOR FINANCIAL INDICATORS


                                                                                                                                          Unit: RMB


          Item                                                    First Quarter         Second Quarter           Third Quarter          Fourth Quarter

          Operating revenue                                    23,486,119,294.48       25,155,554,080.31       21,937,415,143.08      22,166,522,591.65

          Net profits attributable to shareholders
             of listed company                                   981,246,783.99         1,034,584,599.15         777,159,401.39          554,890,989.36

          Net profits after deducting non-recurring
             profit and loss attributable to
             shareholders of listed company                      837,889,225.17          865,220,961.30          586,117,603.68          316,621,109.93

          Net cash flow from operating activities                156,049,168.70         1,943,924,313.77        3,107,616,661.22         -75,425,202.45




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     25
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (III)    NON-RECURRING PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS


                ✓Applicable          □ Not Applicable


                                                                                                                                   Unit: RMB


                Item                                                                       2024            2023            2022    Description

                Profits or losses from disposal of non-current assets
                   (including the part written off for provision for
                   impairment on assets)                                           -5,693,941.96   -3,666,652.72   47,140,615.81   –

                Government grants recognised in the profits or losses
                   (excluding government grants closely related to the
                   Company’s business and are received with fixed amounts
                   or with fixed percentage based on unified standards
                   promulgated by government)                                     247,168,700.30 195,139,772.58 225,922,958.46     –

                Except for effective hedging operations related to the
                   Company’s normal business operations, gain or loss
                   from changes in fair values of transactional financial
                   assets, derivative financial assets, transactional
                   financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities,
                   and investment gain from the disposal of transactional
                   financial assets, derivative financial assets, transactional
                   financial liabilities, derivative financial liabilities and
                   other investments in debt                                      135,123,664.04 -239,068,307.45   16,533,562.48   –

                Profit and losses from assets which entrust others to invest
                   or manage                                                      361,802,134.90 298,844,795.34 187,413,275.48     –

                Gain or loss on debt restructuring                                  9,564,354.65   25,739,211.33                   –

                Other non-operating income and expenses other than the
                   aforementioned items                                           179,094,875.47 371,016,020.58 366,457,850.14     –

                Other profit and loss items that satisfy the definition of
                   non-recurring profit and loss                                                   72,041,335.03                   –

                Less: Effect of income tax                                        141,971,316.85 147,009,791.45 194,250,687.61     –

                        Effect of minority interests (after tax)                   43,055,596.74   90,782,890.53 119,816,559.70    –



                Total                                                             742,032,873.81 482,253,492.71 529,401,015.06     –




26   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


   (IV)   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS


          1.   Composition of operating revenue


                                                                                                                 Unit: RMB


                                                        2024                               2023
                                                                                                                    Increase or
                                                                                                                    decrease as
                                                                                                                   compared to
                                                                Weighting to                       Weighting to corresponding
                                                                   operating                         operating             period
               Item                                  Amount     revenue (%)             Amount     revenue (%)    last year (%)

               Total of operating revenue   92,745,611,109.52                  85,600,189,224.06                             8.35

               By industry
               Manufacturing industry       83,623,219,672.09          90.16   76,959,191,272.42         89.91               8.66

               By product
               HVAC                         40,283,913,190.36          43.43   38,652,244,832.54         45.15               4.22
               Refrigerators and washing
                  machines                  30,839,154,917.48          33.25   26,070,166,905.77         30.46              18.29
               Others                       12,500,151,564.25          13.48   12,236,779,534.11         14.30               2.15

               By region
               Domestic                     47,993,733,054.87          51.75   49,035,166,343.99         57.28              -2.12
               Overseas                     35,629,486,617.22          38.42   27,924,024,928.43         32.63              27.59

               By sales model
               Direct sales                 59,295,528,757.96          63.93   52,044,822,688.37         60.80              13.93
               Distribution                 24,327,690,914.13          26.23   24,914,368,584.05         29.11              -2.35




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      27
Management Discussion and Analysis


                2.        Description of industries, products or regions accounting for 10% or above of the revenue
                          or profits from operating businesses of the company


                                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB


                                                                                                                                              Increase or
                                                                                                               Increase        Increase       decrease in
                                                                                                            or decrease     or decrease      gross profit
                                                                                                            in principal    in principal       margin as
                                                                                                              operating       operating      compared to
                                                                                                             revenue as         costs as corresponding
                                                                                                           compared to     compared to            period
                                                                                                          corresponding corresponding           last year
                                                           Principal           Principal   Gross profit          period          period      (percentage
                          Item                     operating revenue     operating costs   margin (%)      last year (%)   last year (%)           point)

                          By industry
                          Manufacturing industry   83,623,219,672.09   64,819,490,898.10         22.49             8.66            9.45             -0.56

                          By products
                          HVAC                     40,283,913,190.36   28,784,059,348.72         28.55             4.22            6.19             -1.32
                          Refrigerators and
                            washing machines       30,839,154,917.48   25,423,481,668.92         17.56            18.29           19.36             -0.74
                          Others                   12,500,151,564.25   10,611,949,880.46         15.11             2.15            -1.89             3.50

                          By region
                          Domestic                 47,993,733,054.87   33,244,159,644.85         30.73             -2.12           -2.06            -0.05
                          Overseas                 35,629,486,617.22   31,575,331,253.25         11.38            27.59           24.91              1.90

                          By sales model
                          Direct sales             59,295,528,757.96   49,583,912,405.87         16.38            13.93           13.85              0.06
                          Distribution             24,327,690,914.13   15,235,578,492.23         37.37             -2.35           -2.76             0.26




28   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.   Whether the Company’s product sales revenue exceeds its service revenue


            ✓ Yes       □ No


                                                                                                                                        Increase or
                                                                                                                                        decrease as
                                                                                                                                       compared to
                                                                                                                                  corresponding
                                                                                                                                             period
            Industry category          Item              Unit                                  2024                    2023            last year (%)

            Manufacturing industry Sales volume          Ten thousand units                    5,449                   4,815                   13.17

                                       Production volume Ten thousand units                    5,547                   4,870                   13.90

                                       Inventory volume Ten thousand units                      526                      428                   22.90

       4.   Composition of operating costs


                                                                                                                           Unit: RMB’0000


                                                                         2024                                   2023

                                                                                                                                          Increase or
                                                                                                                                          decrease as
                                                                                                                                         compared to
                                                                                Weighting to                           Weighting to corresponding
                                                                                   operating                             operating         period last
            Industry category        Item                           Amount         costs (%)               Amount         costs (%)         year (%)

            Manufacturing industry   Raw materials              5,924,304.40           91.40           5,359,934.07            90.51            10.53

                                     Direct expense              358,457.60             5.53            352,710.44              5.96             1.63

                                     Others                      199,187.09             3.07            209,463.18              3.54             -4.91




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         29
Management Discussion and Analysis


                5.        Expenses


                                                                                                                            Unit: RMB


                                                                                        Increase or
                                                                                        decrease as
                                                                                    compared to the
                                                                                     corresponding
                                                                                         period last    Reason for the
                          Expense Item                   2024               2023          year (%)      significant changes

                          Sales expense       9,001,915,472.95   8,555,775,713.18                5.21   No significant changes

                          Management          2,499,492,962.69   2,296,063,851.05                8.86   No significant changes
                            expense

                          Finance expense       -36,902,664.41   -204,586,431.88                 N/A    No significant changes

                          Research and        3,446,746,374.31   2,779,508,194.39               24.01   No significant changes
                            development
                            expense

                6.        Investment in research and development


                          For details of the Company’s investment in research and development and product enhancement
                          during the Reporting Period, please refer to “CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS” in the
                          “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS”.


                          Details of the Company’s research and development personnel


                                                                                                                              Change in
                          Item                                                          2024                 2023        proportion (%)

                          Number of research and development staff                      3,563                3,317                 7.42

                          Proportion of number of research and
                            development staff (%)                                      6.40%                5.90%                  0.50

                          Academic Structure of research and
                          development Staff

                          Undergraduate                                                1,772                1,633                  8.51

                          Master                                                       1,464                1,374                  6.55

                          Age composition of research and
                          development staff

                          Under 30 years old                                             908                  803                13.08

                          30~40 years old                                              1,541                1,494                  3.15

                          Over 40 years old                                            1,114                1,020                  9.22




30   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


            Details of the Company’s research and development investment


                                                                                                                     Change in
            Item                                                                 2024                 2023      proportion (%)

            Amount invested in research and development (RMB)        3,446,746,374.31      2,779,508,194.39                  24.01

            Proportion of research and development investment
              to operating revenue (%)                                           3.72                  3.25                   0.47

            Amount capitalized for research and development
              investment (RMB)                                                      0                    0                       0

            Proportion of capitalized research and
              development investment to research and
              development investment (%)                                            0                    0                       0

       7.   Cash Flow


                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                   Increase or
                                                                                                                   decrease as
                                                                                                              compared to the
                                                                                                                corresponding
                                                                                                                        period
            Item                                                         2024                        2023        last year (%)

            Cash inflows from operating activities        81,425,983,334.68             76,815,643,741.00                     6.00

            Cash outflows from operating
              activities                                  76,293,818,393.44             66,203,786,149.65                    15.24

            Net cash flows from operating
              activities                                      5,132,164,941.24          10,611,857,591.35                -51.64

            Cash inflows from investing activities        37,576,184,678.56             20,906,798,504.15                    79.73

            Cash outflows from investing
              activities                                  38,195,621,766.67             30,464,242,081.12                    25.38

            Net cash flows from investing
              activities                                      -619,437,088.11           -9,557,443,576.97                     N/A

            Cash inflows from financing activities            4,926,600,091.46           4,558,764,891.41                     8.07

            Cash outflows from financing
              activities                                  10,047,920,217.55              5,179,903,602.62                    93.98

            Net cash flows from financing
              activities                                  -5,121,320,126.09               -621,138,711.21                     N/A

            Net increase in cash and cash
              equivalents                                     -685,871,793.99             398,794,325.14                -271.99




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     31
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          Explanations on the main contributing factors for significant year-on-year changes of the
                          relevant figures:


                          ✓Applicable             □ Not applicable


                          The change in net cash flows from operating activities was mainly due to the increase in cash
                          paid for purchases of goods and services.


                          The change in net cash flows from investing activities was mainly due to the increase in
                          maturity of wealth management products.


                          The change in net cash flows from financing activities was mainly due to dividends, repurchase
                          of shares and changes in notes margin during the Reporting Period.


       (V)      ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                1.        Significant changes in asset items


                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                        At the end of 2024            At the beginning of 2024
                                                                       Percentage                      Percentage Change in
                                                                          to total                         to total proportion
                          Item                              Amount assets (%)                Amount assets (%)            (%)    Explanation of significant changes

                          Cash and cash             4,397,693,443.73         6.31    4,939,273,198.62        7.49        -1.18   No significant changes
                            equivalents

                          Accounts receivable      10,480,609,898.16        15.04    9,225,321,882.07       13.99         1.05   No significant changes

                          Inventories               7,566,932,954.39        10.86    6,774,603,438.00       10.27         0.59   No significant changes

                          Contract assets             56,210,047.88          0.08      35,878,308.82         0.05         0.03   No significant changes

                          Long-term equity          1,764,936,952.09         2.53    1,671,365,117.46        2.53         0.00   No significant changes
                            investments

                          Investment property        253,998,555.64          0.36     177,982,723.30         0.27         0.09   No significant changes

                          Fixed assets              5,648,643,079.56           8.1   5,662,912,502.03        8.59        -0.49   No significant changes

                          Construction in            674,456,905.57          0.97     443,523,694.21         0.67         0.30   No significant changes
                            progress

                          Right to use assets        163,180,643.61          0.23     169,378,820.87         0.26        -0.03   No significant changes

                          Short-term borrowings     2,708,715,351.46         3.89    2,502,318,314.58        3.79         0.10   No significant changes

                          Contract liabilities      1,838,591,086.05         2.64    1,440,254,499.57        2.18         0.46   No significant changes

                          Long-term borrowings        49,371,196.64          0.07      42,956,652.46         0.07         0.00   No significant changes

                          Leasing liabilities        161,471,272.87          0.23     208,946,083.77         0.32        -0.09   No significant changes




32   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


       2.   Assets and liabilities measured at fair value


                                                                                                                                                                             Unit: RMB


                                                                                Cumulative fair         Impairment
                                                           Fair value gain/loss value change       provision for the Purchase amount in Disposal amount in
            Item                       Opening balance for the period          recognized in equityPeriod            period                period                Other changes    Closing balance

            Financial assets
            1. Financial assets held
              for trading (excluding
              derivative financial
              assets)                  13,187,740,355.11     162,278,809.71                                          34,464,033,099.43 31,566,970,144.02         -86,764,653.42 16,160,317,466.81

            2. Derivative financial
              assets                        4,285,180.76       43,951,283.69                                                  199,652.72                            523,178.87      48,959,296.04

            3. Other debt
              investments               4,643,427,583.77                                                              1,357,092,310.22                                            6,000,519,893.99

            4. Other equity
              instruments
              investments                 40,244,766.96                             2,637,187.04                          2,879,927.49              94,661.46     -3,302,406.15     42,364,813.88

            5. Other non-current
              financial assets            27,197,809.69           640,557.95                                                                   4,477,818.31       -2,028,131.79     21,332,417.54

            Subtotal of financial
              assets                   17,902,895,696.29     206,870,651.35         2,637,187.04                     35,824,204,989.86 31,571,542,623.79         -91,572,012.49 22,273,493,888.26

            Investment property

            Productive biological
              assets

            Other items



            Total                      17,902,895,696.29     206,870,651.35         2,637,187.04                     35,824,204,989.86 31,571,542,623.79         -91,572,012.49 22,273,493,888.26


            Financial liabilities         54,355,584.93        46,289,880.32                                                                        43,243.11     -4,469,620.32       3,552,841.18



            Other changes in content


            Other changes mainly due to the effect of foreign exchange rate changes.




                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024           33
Management Discussion and Analysis


       (VI)     CORE COMPETITIVENESS ANALYSIS


                Technical Advantages


                The Company remains steadfast in its “technology-driven enterprise” philosophy, continuously
                advancing innovation under its smart life strategy with a focus on intelligence, health, and energy
                efficiency. At present, we boast more than 20 provincial-level and above scientific and technological
                innovation platforms, including national-level enterprise technology centers, postdoctoral research
                workstations and national-level industrial design centers. The Company vigorously promoted the
                transformation of IPD process, established research and development centers in the ASEAN and
                Middle East and Africa, and further improved global research and development system layout. At the
                same time, we achieved major breakthroughs in multiple directions such as low-carbon energy-saving,
                comfort and health, intelligent preservation, high energy efficiency in washing and drying, constant air
                volume duct control, smart operation and maintenance, and application of green materials, with low-
                carbon, intelligent and healthy technology systems established, leading the industry in technological
                innovation and product upgrades.


                1.        HVAC Business


                          (1)   I n t e r m s o f c e n t r a l a i r-c o n d i t i o n e r, t h e C o m p a n y c o n t i n u e d t o e n h a n c e o v e r a l l
                                competitiveness around core technologies such as “low-carbon energy saving, health
                                and comfort, energy management as well as operation and maintenance”. We made a
                                breakthrough in building load forecasting and following control technology, realized
                                self-learning and prediction of room load, and optimized the traditional control method
                                of air-conditioning, with the actual operating energy efficiency in the leading position
                                in the industry, and the relevant technologies reaching the leading level in the world
                                according to the assessment of our scientific and technological achievements by the
                                China Machinery Industry Federation. We overcome the identification and control
                                t e c h n o l o g y o f h e a t i n g r e f r i g e r a n t d i s t r i b u t i o n, r e a l i z e d t h e d i g i t a l p r e d i c t i o n o f
                                refrigerant status and indoor unit capacity, and increased the heating air temperature,
                                thus the comfort level reaching the top of the industry. We established the multi-
                                component coupling noise reduction system, and reduced noise generated by indoor
                                units through the synergic optimization among heat exchangers, fans and snail shell-
                                like thermal conductive frameworks, thereby maintaining the industry's technological
                                leadership. We continued to strengthen proactive service operation and maintenance
                                management, made a breakthrough in fault pre-diagnosis technology, realized automatic
                                detection and diagnosis of a variety of faults, and became one of the industry's front-
                                runners.




34   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


            (2)   I n t e r m s o f h o u s e h o l d a i r-c o n d i t i o n e r, t h e C o m p a n y h a s r e s h a p e d t h e i n d u s t r y
                  benchmark with six leading technologies, which have been appraised by a team of
                  academicians as reaching international leading standards in the core technology fields of
                  heat comfort AI identification, multi-source noise control, internal pollution purification,
                  jet-pressurized air mixing, slim design and noise reduction, and high-reliability inverter.
                  We relied on the precise temperature control of 0.1 ℃ and the ability to operate at ultra-
                  wide temperature range from -36 ℃ to 66 ℃, and combined with intelligent separate
                  temperature and humidity control technology, to construct an energy saving system
                  which raises energy efficiency by 36% and significantly increases the application of air
                  conditioning. In the field of fresh air technology, the Company's first high-efficiency
                  two-way air ventilation system without the need to expand the outlet hole can increase
                  air ventilation efficiency by 21%, removing the traditional installation limitations. Our
                  coaxial design of dual fans driven by one single motor can reduce noise and energy
                  consumption at the same time, providing technical support for the popularization of
                  economical fresh air products. In terms of independent research and development of core
                  components, the magnetic suspension levitation motor can make the double achievements
                  i n q u i e t n e s s a n d e n e r g y s a v i n g, a n d t h e w a t e r m o l e c u l e c a p t u r i n g t e c h n o l o g y b y
                  electrolysis resolves the problem of the industry, which helps to take the lead in the
                  development of the national standard of “healthy air conditioning”, and establishes the
                  technological right of indoor air health management. Through systematic technological
                  i n n o v a t i o n, t h e C o m p a n y h a s c o m p l e t e d t h e w h o l e c h a i n c o v e r a g e f r o m e x t r e m e
                  environment adaptation, energy efficiency upgrade to air health, forming a complete
                  ecosystem including product research and development, standardization, and industrial
                  landing. The Company's technological achievements have been fully realized in product
                  application, promoting the air-conditioning industry to upgrade in the direction of
                  health, constructing a multi-dimensional synergistic breathing ecosystem of temperature,
                  humidity and cleanliness for consumers, and accelerating the progress of the Healthy
                  China strategy in the field of air environment practice.


       2.   Refrigerator, Washing Machine and Kitchen Appliance Business


            (1)   In terms of refrigerator, the Company focuses on the core areas of preservation
                  technology, energy efficiency system optimization, intelligent scenario application and
                  low-carbon materials, and continuously strengthens its intellectual competitiveness. Our
                  iterative near infrared light wave preservation solutions can keep fruits and vegetables
                  fresh. The world's first vacuum magnetic field preservation technology enables first-class
                  freshness storage standard for fresh meat for 7 days. By the application of triple energy
                  efficiency technology (smart defrost/environmentally adaptive anti-condensation/ultra-
                  slim door seal), the comprehensive energy efficiency attains the A grade in Europe and
                  improves by 30%. A breakthrough is made in the application of recycled materials with
                  the proportion of recycled steel of 20% and recycled ABS plastics of 50%, and thus the
                  carbon footprint of raw materials of the whole machine is reduced by 14.2%.




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       35
Management Discussion and Analysis


                          (2)   In terms of washing machine, the Company has precisely identified market trends and
                                user needs, and has made all-round efforts in technological innovation: we have made
                                great efforts in upgrading its product platform, and have launched a drum washing
                                machine with drum diameter of 536cm and an ultra-slim heat pump dryer, of which
                                the washing ratio of the drum washing machine is as high as 1.259, and the 6D drying
                                detection technology of the heat pump dryer is a pioneer in the industry, with drying
                                efficiency upgraded by 30%. We have launched the “Roman Holiday” series of products,
                                which adopt a highly differentiated Italian retro aesthetic appearance, bringing elegant
                                visual appeal that is deeply loved by consumers. The launch of “Roman Holiday”
                                series of products, adopting highly differentiated Italian retro aesthetic design, brought
                                elegant visual enjoyment and was well received by consumers. The performance of our
                                products has been enhanced significantly, with the European energy efficiency of our
                                drum washing machines reaching A-50% and the energy efficiency of our heat pump
                                dryers reaching the new European standard level A energy efficiency, both of which
                                are at the forefront of the industry, and have been awarded the “best buy” rating in the
                                UK's “Which?” testing. At the health laundry level, the Company has demonstrated its
                                strengths in optimizing the washing efficiency by leveraging cutting-edge technologies
                                such as washing water purification, with the collection rate of hair and lint exceeding
                                95%. Meanwhile, the Company has also deeply cultivated the 7 major indicators of
                                c l o t h i n g c a r e a n d h a s b e e n a w a r d e d t h e “S k i n c a r e Q u a l i t y C a r e” c e r t i f i c a t i o n. I n
                                addition, the Company has accelerated enhancement of the level of green design of its
                                products, realized the application of PCR materials, and practically met the requirements
                                of low-carbon regulations for home appliances in the European Union and other places,
                                so as to lead the new development of the washing machine industry with hardcore
                                technologies.


                          (3)   In terms of kitchen appliances, our dishwasher applies residual water-free, UVC
                                full waterway sterilization, air duct condensation, intelligent detergent dispensing and
                                other technologies to achieve no time limit for storage and greatly enhance the user
                                experience. The tank energy storage technology jointly developed with Gorenje, a
                                European company, achieves A-20% in the European energy efficiency standard. Our
                                hoods are built with a new side suction duct system platform, with the maximum static
                                pressure of more than 1300Pa and suction power of more than 30m³/min for stir-frying.
                                Our wall-mounted hood platforms apply active noise reduction technology to reduce
                                noise by 3dB(A) to reach the industry-leading level. We have completed the development
                                of one-key stir-frying technology, with the strong fire increased by 10% and the dry burn
                                prevention technology upgraded to allow compatibility with a variety of cookware such as
                                clay pots and composite bottom pots, which has set up an industry benchmark.




36   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


       3.     Automobile Air Conditioner Compressor and Integrated Thermal Management Business


              The Company has accelerated its transformation into an integrated thermal management system
              provider for new energy vehicles, focusing on the research and development of the refrigerant
              integration unit (CRU). Through the integration of compressors, refrigerant valves and heat
              exchangers, the Company has created ITMS module for platform-based thermal management
              s y s t e m s, w h i c h e f f e c t i v e l y r e d u c e s t h e r i s k o f r e f r i g e r a n t l e a k s, i m p r o v e s e n d u r a n c e
              performance and reduces the cost of the entire appliance. In the field of core components, the
              fifth generation electric compressor platform realizes the full compatibility of R1234yf, CO 2
              and R290 refrigerants, and the modularized scroll compressor and variable frequency inverter
              technology increase the energy efficiency by 15%, and the quiet operation performance is
              among the top in the industry.


              Focusing on the pain points in terms of the space layout of new energy vehicles, we have
              developed the split-type dual-layer flow air-conditioning system which adopts the design of
              external fan housing, reclaiming more than 15% of the space of the cabin and reducing the
              overall energy consumption by 20%. At the same time, we made a breakthrough in the thick-
              film heating technology. Through the ultra-slim composite substrate and the microchannel
              structure, it realizes a 40% increase in the warming speed of the batteries/cabin in the extreme
              cold environment of -30°C, a 30% reduction of weight compared with the traditional solution,
              and a 25% decrease in fluid resistance. At present, the thermal management system and core
              components have formed three major technology matrices, namely refrigerant integration,
              energy efficiency optimization and low-temperature heating, which help automobile enterprises
              construct new energy thermal management solutions with high safety, long endurance and low
              energy consumption, and promote the industry's accelerated progress toward the goal of carbon
              neutrality.


       Brand Matrix


       The Company’s products cover eight brands, i.e., “Hisense”, “Ronshen”, “KELON”, “HITACHI”,
       “YORK”, “gorenje”, “ASKO” and “SANDEN”, with a rich brand lineup and a good brand reputation
       and market basis. With the help of the product range covered by different brands and their product
       characteristics, the Company can meet the differentiated demands of users.


       During the Reporting Period, Hisense’s brand equity and awareness continued to rise. According to
       Ipsos, there was a 2.5% and 2% year-on-year increase in the Hisense Brand Equity Index (HBI) and
       total brand awareness, respectively, in 2024. The HBI continued to rise by 5.2% year-on-year among
       young adults, and rose by more than 8% year-on-year among first-tier cities.


       Along with the continuous advancement of Hisense’s internationalization strategy and ongoing
       intensification of sports marketing efforts, the overseas popularity and influence of the brand have been
       constantly improved. Hisense continued to sponsor the global top sports events such as Euro 2016,
       World Cup 2018, Euro 2020, World Cup 2022 and Euro 2024. Data from the Euro 2024 Marketing
       Effectiveness Survey shows that after the sports event, the HBI grew by 8% year-on-year overseas,
       12% year-on-year in the French market and 11% year-on-year in Spain. The Hisense brand awareness
       grew by 7% year-on-year overseas, 7% year-on-year in Germany and 6% year-on-year in France.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024        37
Management Discussion and Analysis


                In 2024, Hisense publicly announced that it is officially joining hands with FIFA as the first global
                official partner of the FIFA Club World Cup 2025™. This is Hisense's third partnership with FIFA,
                following its successful sponsorship of the FIFA World Cup Russia 2018 and the FIFA World Cup
                Qatar 2022. Hisense continued to enhance its brand influence in the international market with the help
                of such international top sports events.


                Corporate Culture


                Hisense's practice and experience in going through the economic cycle has demonstrated again that
                corporate culture is the core of the Company's firm confidence and stable navigation ability, the driving
                force for countless Hisense employees to work hard on their endeavors, and the ultimate answer for the
                Company in the face of difficulties and chaos.


                In order to promote the in-depth realization of the core values of “honesty, integrity, pragmatism,
                innovation, customer first and sustainable operation” by all employees, Hisense formally released the
                Hisense Value Thinking Model in 2025 to attract, support and help all cadres and employees to think
                out of the box in order to create and mobilize the mighty power to achieve leapfrog development.


                In terms of the implementation of values, Hisense has released 22 leadership principles to effectively
                enhance the strategic execution and organizational leadership of its cadres. The White Paper on
                Hisense Group's Customer Operations was published to strategically ensure that all the work of the
                Company was closely revolved around user needs. The management models of “three no's in meetings”,
                “three cuts in communication” and “three platforms for innovation” are implemented, and efforts were
                made to establish a minimalist work style centered on users, oriented on value creation and aimed at
                solving problems. Hisense has always adhered to the long-term development strategy of “technology-
                based enterprise” and clearly restructured the strategic base of “technology-based enterprise” in
                three directions from value anchor, innovation paradigm to engine of power in order to maintain the
                leadership and differentiation in products and technology, and to inject strong energy into the high-
                quality development of various industries. We will continue to promote the culture of engineers and
                encourage the development of the Company's technologies. We will continue to promote the engineer
                culture and encourage ongoing innovation and optimization, so that technological innovation can
                penetrate the entire development process of the Company, and promote Hisense's technological
                innovation capability to a high level and high quality.


                I n th e fu tu re, th e C o mp an y w ill c ontinue to promote the c ultura l e mpow e rme nt of a ll H isense
                employees, accelerate the help to refresh the mindset of everyone and lead organization change, so
                that each value thinking model becomes the way of thinking, behavioral habits and achievement
                criteria of Hisense employees, in order to help employees grow personally, achieve the strategic goals
                and business objectives of the Company, provide conceptual guidance to address the challenges of
                the Company and give a strong impetus to “build a world-class enterprise and achieve a world-class
                brand”.




38   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


      (VII) M A J O R S U B S I D I A R I E S A N D C O M P A N I E S I N W H I C H T H E C O M P A N Y H A S E Q U I T Y
             INTEREST


             Major Subsidiaries and Participating Companies Affecting 10% or More of the Company’s Net
             Profit


                                                                                                                                                              Net profit
                                                                                                                                                          attributable to
                                                                                                                                                           shareholders
                                                                                         Total assets      Net assets       Operating        Operating of the Company
             Name of         Company                                     Registered       (RMB ten             (RMB revenue (RMB           profit (RMB            (RMB
             company         type             Major business                capital       thousand)     ten thousand) ten thousand)       ten thousand)    ten thousand)

             Hisense Hitachi Subsidiary       Production and sale   USD150 million      1,845,756.87       644,118.80     2,074,427.24       415,413.85       348,577.13
                                              of commercial air-
                                              conditioners

             Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period


             Details of the changes in the scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are
             set out in Note 7.


IV.   OUTLOOK

      (I)    The Company’s development strategy


             W i t h t h e m i s s i o n o f “d e v o t i n g t o s c i e n t i f i c a n d t e c h n o l o g i c a l i n n o v a t i o n, l e a d i n g a d v a n c e d
             manufacturing centered on intelligence, and serving hundreds of millions of families with high-quality
             products”, the Company abides by the values of “honesty and integrity, pragmatic innovation, customer
             first and sustainable operation.” By focusing on cognitive, operational, creative, and leadership
             capabilities, the Company continuously enhances its intrinsic driving force, prioritizes user needs,
             creates high-quality products with ingenuity, and aims to become the most trustworthy brand in the
             world.


      (II)   Business highlights for 2025


             The Company will adhere to its customer- and user-centered approach, and cultivate competitive
             advantages for our brand and products. We will focus on user experience and product excellence to
             develop leading comprehensive smart living solutions. Additionally, we aim to accelerate our share
             in overseas markets and online channels, while swiftly advancing the integration of the Company’s
             internal platforms and digital transformation, in order to achieve a breakthrough in the efficiency of
             corporate operation.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         39
Management Discussion and Analysis


                The Company will continue to improve the quality of its operations through the following initiatives:


                1.        Breaking through core technologies to elevate product competitiveness. To complement our
                          high-end offerings by achieving innovative breakthroughs in product capabilities. To create
                          exceptional products by innovating in aesthetic design, and to position AI-driven interactions
                          as a fundamental competitive edge in home appliances in order to significantly enrich the user
                          experiences.


                2.        Vigorously developing overseas markets to enhance profitability. To integrate Hisense's
                          advantageous resources to comprehensively support the development of international markets
                          through the establishment of overseas research and development centers, product assurance, and
                          talent provision. To employ multiple engines to rapidly advance in overseas markets in order to
                          elevate the overall operational quality of the Company.


                3.        Executing a robust marketing strategy for the World Cup to achieve growth in domestic sales.
                          To strengthen branding and marketing capabilities by enhancing strategic awareness, elevating
                          online operational competencies, and fortifying offline networks to rapidly improve the quality
                          of domestic operations. To leverage the sponsorship rights of such premier event to integrate
                          marketing resources effectively, in order to conduct a successful marketing campaign for the
                          World Cup, and to increase the market share of mid-to-high-end products in the domestic
                          market.


                4.        Promoting organizational reform to enhance managerial efficiency within the enterprise. To
                          leverage the Company’s comprehensive category synergy to construct a cross-category strategic
                          collaboration network encompassing research and development, supply chain, manufacturing,
                          and marketing. To achieve a leap in operational efficacy through resource sharing across
                          all domains. To continue to advance organizational reform, improve efficiency, reinforce a
                          flattened organizational structure, expand managerial breadth, and accelerate the release of
                          management efficiency.


                5.        Enhancing global supply chain capabilities while reducing costs and increasing efficiency. To
                          optimize the layout of global production capacity, strengthen localized procurement abilities,
                          and ensure the security of the global supply chain. To undertake comprehensive deepening of
                          category management, consolidating resources, and continuously lowering costs. To refine
                          supply models to achieve efficient collaborative delivery within the supply chain.


                6.        Establishing an efficient, low-carbon intelligent factory, and leveraging AI to empower smart
                          manufacturing. To commit fully to the digital transformation of the entire manufacturing chain,
                          to enhance the Company’s intelligent manufacturing capabilities across multiple dimensions,
                          namely lean principles, informatization, automation, processes, and safety. To facilitate the
                          upgrading of intelligent manufacturing technologies and position the Company as an industry
                          leader, and to reduce smart manufacturing costs and solidify competitive advantages within the
                          sector.




40   Annual Report 2024
Management Discussion and Analysis


              7.    Strengthening the capacity for ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) development and
                    expediting the transformation towards a green, low-carbon economy. To implement a carbon-
                    neutral development strategy, achieve carbon reduction targets, establish green factories, and
                    enhance ESG risk management mechanisms. To create a systematic management operation from
                    the top down in critical areas such as carbon neutrality and compliance in order to accelerate
                    the Company’s transformation to a green, low-carbon paradigm and to promote sustainable and
                    healthy business development.


      (III)   Major risks to future development


              1.    Macroeconomic fluctuation risk. There are increasing uncertainties in the global macroeconomy.
                    If economic growth continues to slow down, it may lead to insufficient consumption momentum,
                    which could, in turn, affect the consumer demand for home appliances.


              2.    Rising cost risk. Any fluctuation in the prices of raw materials will impact the cost of the
                    Co mp a n y’s p ro d u c ts. A n y inc re a s e in the c os ts of la bor a nd la bor c os ts, s hipping cost s,
                    installation and maintenance services may result in the overlapping of costs in multiple
                    segments, which could put pressure on the profitability of the Company.


              3.    Exchange rate risk. If the exchange rate of RMB fluctuates significantly, it may trigger an
                    inverse linkage between selling prices and costs in overseas markets, which would directly
                    affect the cost competitiveness of the Company's overseas products and lead to a narrowing of
                    the profit margin of the overseas business.


              4.    Market risk due to trade protectionism and trade barriers. If some countries and regions, in
                    order to protect their own economic interests, intensify trade barriers through means such as
                    increasing tariffs and imposing mandatory certifications, this could drive up compliance costs,
                    make market access difficult, and weaken the price competitiveness and channel penetration
                    efficiency of enterprises in overseas markets.


EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD

The Group is not aware of any significant events that could have a material impact on our operating and financial
performance after the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   41
Corporate Governance Report


Sound corporate governance is the basic assurance to the long-term healthy and stable development of an enterprise,
whereas continued enhancement of the governance level is a necessary measure to maintain the healthy development
of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the shareholders’ general meeting, the Board of Directors and its
specialized committees and the supervisory committee of the Company performed their functions, coordinated with
each other and maintained effective check and balance in accordance with the laws, regulations and the relevant
systems, which continuously enhanced the level of corporate governance of the Company.


The Company has adopted the code provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report (the “Corporate Governance Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its own
code to govern its corporate governance practices.


(I)       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE:

                                             Shareholders’
                                            General Meeting




                                                                  Supervisory
                                                                  Committee

                                            Board of Directors




      Remuneration and
                             Nomination Committee         Strategic Committee   Audit Committee        ESG Committee
     Appraisal Committee



                                         Operational Management



(a)       The Shareholders’ General Meeting:


          The general meeting is the highest authority of the Company, and the shareholders, at general meetings,
          exercise their functions and powers in accordance with the laws to make decisions on significant matters
          of the Company. The Company has established and maintained different communication channels with its
          shareholders through publication of announcements on the websites of the Company, the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, as well as by e-mail and telephone.


          All shareholders and their proxies recorded on the date for registration of equity rights shall have the right
          to attend and speak at the shareholders’ general meeting and exercise the voting power according to laws,
          regulations and the Articles of Association. Votes in the shareholders’ general meeting shall be cast by open
          ballot. The voting results will be announced after the general meeting in the manner prescribed under Rule
          13.39(5) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




42      Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   In 2024, one annual general meeting (“AGM”) was held by the Company on 24 June 2024, three extraordinary
   general meetings (“EGMs”) were held by the Company on 25 January 2024, 22 February 2024 and 2 August
   2024 respectively, one A Share class meeting and one H Share class meeting (the “Class Meetings”) were
   held by the Company on 22 February 2024. The shareholding held by the shareholders attending the AGM
   represented 53% of the then total issued shares of the Company. The shareholding held by the shareholders
   attending the first EGM represented 58% of the total issued shares of the Company as of that date. The
   shareholding held by the shareholders attending the second EGM and the Class Meetings represented 62%
   of the Company’s total issued shares as of that date. The shareholding held by the shareholders attending the
   third EGM represented 52% of the total issued shares of the Company.


   The attendance records of the directors of the Company are set out in the following table:


                                           Attendance of the general meetings of the Company by the Directors

                                               Number of
                                         meetings which
                                                should be           Number of               Number of            Attendance
                                             attended for           attendance           attendance                   rate for
   Name                                           the year            in person              by proxy                the year


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                        4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                         4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                       4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Zhu Dan    (Note 1)
                                                          1                    1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                      4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                        4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing (Note2)                             1                    1                    0                    100%
   Mr. Xu Guo Jun (Note 3)                                0                    0                    0                         –
   Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua (Note 4)                            3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Zhong Geng Shen (Note 5)                           3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit (Note 6)                            4                    4                    0                    100%

   Notes:

   1.       Mr. Zhu Dan has been an executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


   2.       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


   3.       Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


   4.       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June 2024;


   5.       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
            24 June 2024; and


   6.       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from
            2 August 2024.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   43
Corporate Governance Report


       Rights of Shareholders


       Procedures for shareholders in relation to requisition of the convening of shareholders’ extraordinary
       general meeting or class meeting


       Shareholders who request the convening of a shareholders’ extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting
       shall comply with the following procedures:


       (1)      Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company are entitled
                to make a request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting in writing to the
                Board. The Board shall, pursuant to laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association,
                provide written feedback on whether it agrees or disagrees to convene the extraordinary general
                meeting or the class meeting within ten (10) days after receiving the request.


       (2)      If the Board agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting, it shall issue a
                notice to convene the shareholders’ general meeting or the class meeting within five (5) days of its
                decision, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only with the consent of
                the relevant shareholder(s). If the Board decides against convening the extraordinary general meeting
                or the class meeting, or if it has failed to provide its feedback within ten (10) days after receiving the
                request, shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company are
                entitled to propose to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting to the Supervisory
                Committee in writing.


       (3)      If the supervisory committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting or the class meeting,
                it shall issue a notice to convene shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting within five (5) days
                of receipt of the request, and any changes to the original request in the notice shall be made only
                with the consent of the relevant shareholder(s). If the supervisory committee fails to issue a notice
                of shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting within the prescribed period, the supervisory
                committee shall be deemed not convening or chairing a shareholders’ general meeting or class meeting.
                Shareholders individually or jointly holding more than 10% of the shares of the Company for ninety (90)
                consecutive days may convene and chair such meetings on their own.


       Procedures by which enquiries may be made by shareholders


       Shareholder seeking to request for information such as the Articles of Association, register of shareholders
       and minutes of extraordinary general meetings or inspect relevant information should provide written
       documentation to the Company as evidence for the type and number of shares of the Company that he/she
       holds. The Company shall provide the shareholders’ information as required after verification of the identities
       of the shareholders. In addition, the shareholders can also make enquiries or suggestions by various methods
       such as phone, mail, site visit and internet platform. The Securities Department of the Company, whose
       contact details are set out below, is responsible for day-to-day communication with shareholders:


       The Securities Department, Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
       No. 8 Ronggang Road, Ronggui Street,
       Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province,
       the People’s Republic of China
       Postal code: 528303
       E-mail address: hxjdzqb@hisense.com
       Telephone: (86-757) 2836 2866


44   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   Shareholders have smooth channels to make enquiries and suggestions to the Company, and the Company also
   arranges designated personnel to respond to the relevant enquiries in a timely manner.


   For voting on each resolution at a general meeting, shareholders are entitled to enquire about the content of
   the resolution and make recommendation in respect thereof. Speaking shareholder should first introduce his/
   her identity as shareholder and his/her shareholdings etc., whereas the chairman of the meeting shall in person
   or appoint specific staff to respond to or give explanation for such enquiry or recommendation.


   Procedures for putting forward proposals at shareholders’ general meeting


   Any shareholder(s) who hold(s), individually or jointly, 3% or more of the Company’s shares shall be entitled
   to propose and submit in writing to the convener additional motions ten (10) days prior to the date of the
   shareholders’ general meeting. The convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the general meeting within
   two (2) days after the receipt of the motion(s) to announce the contents of the additional motion(s).


   As regard the procedures for proposing a person for election as a Director, please refer to the procedures
   available on the website of the Company at hxjd.hisense.cn.


   Changes in constitutional documents


   On 24 June 2024, the shareholders of the Company approved the amendments to the Articles of Association
   at the AGM. The relevant amendments were made according to the Company Law, Guidelines on the Articles
   of Association of Listed Companies (《上市公司章程指引》), the Management Measures for Independent
   Directors of Listed Companies (《上市公司獨立董事管理辦法》), and the relevant provisions of the Hong
   Kong Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement and circular dated 3 June 2024.


   The full text of the Amended and Restated Articles of Association can be found at the Hong Kong Stock
   Exchange’s website (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (hxjd.hisense.cn).




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   45
Corporate Governance Report


(b)     The Board of Directors


        The Nomination Committee has been established under the Board. The Nomination Committee will select and
        make suggestions on the candidates for the positions of Directors and the selection criteria and procedures and
        the same will be submitted to the Board for consideration and approval, and Directors will be elected at the
        shareholders’ general meetings.


        As at the date of this report, the Board comprised nine Directors, including six executive Directors, namely Ms.
        Gao Yu Ling(Chairperson), Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Zhu Dan and Mr. Dai
        Hui Zhong, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and
        Mr. Xu Guo Jun. The following changes in the composition of the Board during the Reporting Period:


        (i)      Mr. Zhu Dan has been an executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


        (ii)     Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June
                 2024;


        (iii)    Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


        (iv)     Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June
                 2024;


        (v)      Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with
                 effect from 24 June 2024; and


        (vi)     Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with
                 effect from 2 August 2024.


        Members of the Board do not have any relationship in financial, business, family or other significant aspects
        among themselves.


        The Directors of the Company are all elected by the general meetings, with term of office of three years,
        which are renewable upon re-election and reappointment. Each of the independent non-executive Directors
        shall not be re-elected for more than six consecutive years.




46    Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   Board Diversity Policy


   The Board has adopted a board diversity policy. The Company recognises and embraces the benefits of
   having a diverse board to enhance the quality of its performance. With a view to achieving sustainable and
   balanced development, the Company aims to achieve board diversity through consideration of a number of
   factors including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional experience,
   skills, knowledge and length of services, and the selection of director candidates will be based on a range
   of diversity aspects and the final decision will be based on merits of and contribution that candidate may
   bring to the Board. The board diversity policy of the Company has been well implemented as the Board
   currently comprises one female Director, namely Ms. Gao Yu Ling, who has been appointed as the executive
   Director on 19 January 2022 and the chairperson of the Company on 21 November 2024. In selecting and
   recommending suitable candidates for the members of the Board in the future, the Company will seize the
   opportunity to increase the proportion of female members of the Board and enhance the level of gender
   diversity in accordance with shareholder expectations and recommended best practices.


   The Nomination Committee will review the composition of the Board under diversified perspectives and will
   monitor the implementation of the board diversity policy to ensure its continual effectiveness.


   Members of the Board have different backgrounds with extensive experience in various fields such as science
   and technology, corporate management and finance and accounting. The biographies and roles of the Directors
   are set out on pages 67 and 68 of this annual report.


   The main duties of the Board are as follows: to convene the shareholders’ general meeting and report its
   work to the general meeting of shareholders, and to exercise its decision-making powers in aspects such
   as the Company’s development strategy, investment and financing plans, disposal of major assets, and
   major transactions in accordance with the authorization of the shareholders’ general meeting. The Board is
   responsible for formulating the Company’s overall strategy and annual business plan, and for ensuring that
   production and operation are properly planned, authorized, carried out and monitored. It is also responsible
   for appointing the operational management and supervising and evaluating the work of the operational
   management.


   The Board is also responsible for overseeing the preparation of the accounts for each fiscal period to
   ensure that such accounts truly and fairly reflect the Company’s business operation, results and cash flow
   performance during that period. The Company’s Operational Management provides sufficient explanation
   and information to enable the Board to make an informed assessment of the financial information and other
   information submitted to it for approval. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2024, the
   Directors:


   –      selected appropriate accounting policies;


   –      approved the adoption of all applicable standards as set out in the China Accounting Standards for
          Business Enterprises; and


   –      made prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates, and prepared the accounts on a going concern
          basis.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   47
Corporate Governance Report


       The Operational Management of the Company is responsible for implementing the decisions made by the
       Board and making its own decisions on matters relating to the Company’s business operation within the
       scope of authority delegated by the Board, which include: overseeing the management of the Company’s
       production and operation, organising and implementing the Company’s annual operation and investment plans
       and preparing the proposal for the establishment of the Company’s internal control structure. Meanwhile, as
       requested by the Board, the Operational Management reports to the Board the conclusion and performance of
       the Company’s major contracts, the use of capital and the Company’s profit and loss conditions and ensures
       that such information is true and complete.


       The Company has formulated the relevant systems in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the
       relevant laws and regulations to remind the Directors of their obligations, including making disclosures to the
       regulatory authorities in a timely manner of their interests, potential conflicts of interests and changes in their
       personal information. Each Director also undertakes that he or she is able to devote sufficient efforts and time
       to the Company’s affairs. The Board assesses and evaluates the performance of the Directors in carrying out
       their duties according to their attendance rate in the Board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings as
       well as the opinions and suggestions put forward by them in the day-to-day work.


       In 2024, the Board of the Company held 14 meetings to discuss the Company’s important operating matters.
       The Directors attended the meetings in person, and their attendance records are set out in the following table:


                                                 Attendance of the meetings of the Board in 2024 by the Directors

                                                   Number of
                                                     meetings
                                                which should            Number of               Number of         Attendance
                                                  be attended           attendance           attendance                rate for
       Name                                       for the year            in person              by proxy              the year


       Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                      14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                    14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                       14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                     14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Zhu Dan        (Note 1)
                                                              7                    7                    0                 100%
       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                    14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                      14                    14                    0                 100%
       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing (Note2)                             7                    7                    0                 100%
       Mr. Xu Guo Jun (Note 3)                                5                    5                    0                 100%
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua (Note 4)                            7                    7                    0                 100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen (Note 5)                           7                    7                    0                 100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit (Note 6)                            9                    9                    0                 100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Zhu Dan has been an executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


       2.       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


       3.       Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


       4.       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June 2024;




48   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   5.     Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24
          June 2024; and


   6.     Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 2
          August 2024.


   As stipulated in the Articles of Association, all Directors should be given 15 days’ notice prior to the
   commencement of a regular Board meeting. For an extraordinary Board meeting, 3 days’ notice should be
   given in advance. Arrangements are also in place to ensure that all Directors are given an opportunity to
   include matters in the agenda for Board meetings. The secretary to the Board is responsible for providing
   detailed information of a regular Board meeting (including information in relation to the meeting of each
   of the specialised committees of the Board) not later than 3 days prior to the commencement of the meeting
   to ensure all Directors are apprised of the matters to be considered in the meeting in advance. As for
   extraordinary Board meetings which are held by means of telecommunication at the request of the Company’s
   management, information relevant to the meeting would be provided simultaneously to all Directors via email
   or personal service and sufficient time would be given to the Directors to consider the matters. At the same
   time, the secretary to the Board would respond to any questions raised by the Directors and take appropriate
   action in a timely manner to assist the Directors to ensure that the procedures of the meetings of the Board are
   in compliance with the applicable regulations, such as the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China,
   the Articles of Association, the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares
   on Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “Shenzhen Listing Rules”). The Company has made available sufficient
   resources to enable Directors to discharge their duties and responsibilities, including budget for consulting
   fees in seeking independent professional advice. Minutes of each Board meeting and each meeting of the
   committees of the Board will be kept for a term of 10 years for record, during which the minutes are available
   for Directors’ inspection at any time upon their request.


   The Board is responsible for corporate governance, supervision of the management in establishment of a
   compliant organisation structure and system, compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and other laws
   and regulations in the ordinary course of management and other functions set out in code provision A.2.1 in
   the Corporate Governance Code. During the Reporting Period, the Board and the specialised committees have
   reviewed the compliance of the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance, the training and
   continuous professional development of the Directors and senior management and the Company’s internal
   control and risk management systems.


   Independent Non-Executive Directors


   The Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, accounting for not less than one-third of the
   total number of Directors. The independent non-executive Directors appointed by the Company have complied
   with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2), Rule 3.10A and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and all of them are
   independent of and are not connected with the Company and any of the connected persons (as defined in the
   Hong Kong Listing Rules) of the Company. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
   each of the independent non-executive Directors. The terms of office of Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing
   and Mr. Xu Guo Jun will expire on 23 June 2027.


   In compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the requirements of the Working System of Independent
   Non-executive Directors, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company attended the meetings
   of the Board and the specialised committees in a meticulous, responsible, enthusiastic and conscientious
   manner and brought their professionalism and expertise to a full play in the independent performance of their
   duties, and continued to contribute professional advice and independent judgment for significant issues under
   discussion for decision making.


                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   49
Corporate Governance Report


       Specialised Committees of the Board


       The Board has established five specialized committees, namely, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee,
       t h e N o m i n a t i o n C o m m i t t e e, t h e S t r a t e g i c C o m m i t t e e, t h e A u d i t C o m m i t t e e a n d t h e E S G C o m m i t t e e.
       Each committee has devised its own working rules to define its terms of reference and the procedures of
       performance, which have been approved by the Board.


       Remuneration and Appraisal Committee


       The Board has established the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee with specific written terms of
       reference. During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee consisted of two
       executive Directors, namely, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao and three independent non-executive
       Directors, namely, Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Li Zhi Gang acted as the
       chairman of the committee.


       The major duties and authority of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are:


       I.        to analyze, formulate the appraisal standard of the directors and senior management and to carry out the
                 appraisal, select and examine the remuneration policy and proposal of directors and senior management
                 of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board in the following matters:


                 1.        remuneration of directors and senior management;


                 2.        formulation or change of the share incentive scheme, employee stock ownership plan, granting
                           of rights and interests to scheme participants, and fulfilment of the conditions for exercising the
                           rights and interests;


                 3.        arrangement of shareholding plans by directors and senior management in the subsidiaries to be
                           spun off;


                 4.        other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, the securities regulatory rules of the place(s)
                           where the Company’s shares are listed and requirements of the Articles of Association.


       II.       to make recommendations in situations where Directors or senior management accept responsibilities
                 and resign or are proposed to be dismissed for their defaults and failure to perform their duties;


       III.      to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any
                 loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is
                 otherwise fair and not excessive;


       IV.       to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
                 misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and
                 appropriate;


       V.        to make recommendations to the Board for the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors;


       VI.       to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
                 corporate goals and objectives;




50   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   VII.     to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors
            and senior management (adopted the approach under code provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the Corporate
            Governance Code). This should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments,
            including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


   VIII. to consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and
            employment conditions of other positions in the Group;


   IX.      to ensure that no Director or any of his associates is involved in deciding his own remuneration; and


   X.       other duties provided under applicable regulatory rules and other matters authorised by the Board.


   The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee may seek professional advice when necessary. No Director or
   any member of the senior management shall be involved in deciding his or her own remuneration. The main
   purpose of the remuneration policies formulated by the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is to attract
   and retain Directors and senior management who faithfully and diligently discharge their duties, and who
   help the Company in its successful operation and the remuneration policies are therefore important to the
   Company. Details of the remuneration policies of the Company are set out on page 75 of this annual report.


   The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board held seven meetings during the Reporting Period.
   The attendance record of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee is set out below:


                                       Attendance of the meeting of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
                                                             of the Board by the committee members

                                              Number of
                                                  meeting
                                            which should            Number of            Number of              Attendance
                                             be attended            attendance          attendance                   rate for
   Name                                      for the year            in person             by proxy                 the year


   Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                       7                    7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                     7                    7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                        7                    7                    0                    100%
   Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing     (Note 1)
                                                         4                    4                    0                    100%
   Mr. Xu Guo Jun (Note 2)                               2                    2                    0                    100%
   Mr. Zhong Geng Shen (Note 3)                          3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Cheung Sai Kit (Note 4)                           5                    5                    0                    100%

   Notes:

   1.       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


   2.       Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


   3.       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24
            June 2024; and


   4.       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 2
            August 2024.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   51
Corporate Governance Report


       During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee considered and approved:


       1.       Resolution on the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) of the Company and its
                summary;


       2.       Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of
                the Company;


       3.       Resolution on the repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted A Shares;


       4.       Resolution on the annual remuneration policy of the senior management of the Company;


       5.       Resolution on the annual remuneration of the chairman and senior management of the Company for the
                annual results of 2023;


       6.       Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the senior management of the Company;


       7.       Resolution on the determination of the remuneration of non-independent Director candidates for the
                twelfth session of the Board;


       8.       Resolution on the determination of the remuneration of independent Director candidates for the twelfth
                session of the Board;


       9.       Resolution on the basic annual remuneration of the Chairman of the Company;


       10.      Resolution on the expiration of the first lock-up period and the fulfillment of the unlock conditions of
                the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan;


       11.      Resolution on the fulfillment of the conditions for the release of restrictions during the first release
                period of the 2022 A-share Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme;


       12.      R e s o l u t i o n o n t h e e l e c t i o n o f M r. L i Z h i G a n g a s t h e c h a i r m a n o f t h e t w e l f t h s e s s i o n o f t h e
                Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board;


       13.      Resolution on allocation of reserved shares under the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan;


       14.      Resolution on remuneration of independent Directors;


       15.      Resolution on the election of Mr. Xu Guo Jun as the member of the twelfth session of the Remuneration
                and Appraisal Committee of the Company (whose term of office expires upon the expiry of the twelfth
                session of the Board); and


       16.      Resolution on adjustment of repurchase price under the 2022 A Share Restricted Stock Incentive
                Scheme;




52   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   Members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee confirmed that the remuneration of the Directors,
   supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period is in line with the remuneration appraisal
   system set up by the Company and the remuneration policies have been strictly implemented. Details of the
   remuneration of the Directors, the supervisors and the senior management of the Company for the year ended
   31 December 2024 are set out on pages 101 to 103 of this annual report.


   Nomination Committee


   The Board has established the Nomination Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
   Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee comprised executive Directors, namely, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, Mr.
   Jia Shao Qian and three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing
   and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing acted as the chairman of the committee.


   The major duties and authority of the Nomination Committee are:


   I.     to study and formulate criteria and procedures for the selection of Directors and senior management,
          to select and review the candidates of Directors and senior management and their qualifications for
          appointment, and to make recommendations to the Board on the following matters:


          1.     nomination or removal of Directors;


          2.     appointment or dismissal of senior management;


          3.     other matters stipulated by laws, regulations, securities regulatory rules of the place where the
                 Company’s shares are listed and the Articles of Association.


   II.    to select the qualified Director candidates and senior management candidates according to the
          Company’s business model and its specific needs, taking comprehensive consideration of factors such
          as age, gender, educational background, skills, professional knowledge, experience, etc. and to set up
          measurable goals to ensure the diversity of the Board members;


   III.   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and
          diversity) of the Board at least annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the
          Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategies;


   IV.    to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;


   V.     to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors, in particular the Chairman and the President; and


   VI.    other matters authorized by the Board.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   53
Corporate Governance Report


       D u r i n g t h e R e p o r t i n g P e r i o d, t h e N o m i n a t i o n C o m m i t t e e c o m p r i s e d f i v e D i r e c t o r s, i n c l u d i n g t h r e e
       independent non-executive Directors, and the members of the Nomination Committee are nominated by the
       Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of
       Directors, and are elected by the Board. The Nomination Committee shall have one chairman (convener) who
       should be an independent non-executive Director responsible for presiding over the work of the committee.
       The convener shall be elected among the committee members and shall be reported to the Board for approval.
       The term of office of each member of the Nomination Committee is consistent with the term he or she serves
       in the Board. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she
       shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
       elected by the Board in accordance with the requirements. The human resources department of the Company
       will assist the Nomination Committee in carrying out its daily work such as selection and nomination of
       suitable candidates.


       The Nomination Committee of the Board held five meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance
       record of the members of the Nomination Committee is set out below:


                                                                                        Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                                Nomination Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                                  Number of
                                                                      meeting
                                                              which should                     Number of                     Number of                    Attendance
                                                                be attended                    attendance                    attendance                         rate for
       Name                                                     for the year                      in person                     by proxy                       the year


       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing (Note 1)                                               4                             4                            0                      100%
       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                                         5                             5                            0                      100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                                         5                             5                            0                      100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                                           5                             5                            0                      100%
       Mr. Xu Guo Jun (Note 2)                                                   2                             2                            0                      100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen (Note 3)                                              1                             1                            0                      100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit (Note 4)                                               3                             3                            0                      100%

      Notes:

       1.        Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


       2.        Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


       3.        Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24
                 June 2024; and


       4.        Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 2
                 August 2024.




54   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee considered and approved:


   1.    Resolution on the nomination of candidates for non-independent Directors for the twelfth session of the
         Board of the Company;


   2.    Resolution on the nomination of candidates for independent Directors for the twelfth session of the
         Board of the Company;


   3.    Resolution on the election of Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing as the chairman of the twelfth session of the
         Nomination Committee of the Board;


   4.    Resolution on the nomination of Mr. Hu Jian Yong as a candidate for president of the Company;


   5.    Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Gao Yu Ling as a candidate for head of finance of the Company
         and as the chief accountant of the Company;


   6.    Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Zhang Yu Xin as a candidate for secretary of the Board of the
         Company;


   7.    Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Wong Tak Fong as a candidate for company secretary of the
         Company;


   8.    Resolution on the nomination of Mr. Xu Guo Jun as a candidate for independent Director of the twelfth
         session of the Board of the Company;


   9.    Resolution on the election of Mr. Xu Guo Jun as a member of the Nomination Committee of the twelfth
         session of the Board of the Company (the term of office will expire upon the expiration of the twelfth
         session of the Board of the Company);


   10.   Resolution on the nomination of Ms. Gao Yu Ling as the chairperson of the twelfth session of the
         Board of the Company (the term of office is from the date of this resolution of the Board to the expiry
         of the twelfth session of the Board); and


   11.   Resolution on the nomination of Mr. Sun Chang Chun as the head of finance of the Company (the term
         of office will expire upon the expiration of the twelfth session of the Board of the Company).


   The Nomination Committee conducts extensive searches for candidates of Directors or senior management
   within the Company and in the open market, etc. after considering the Company’s requirements for new
   Directors or senior management. With the consent to nomination from the candidates, the Nomination
   Committee will convene the Nomination Committee meeting in accordance with relevant laws and
   regulations, the Articles of Association and the Terms of Reference for Nomination Committee taking into
   account the Company’s actual situation, examine the qualifications of the initial nominees according to
   the requirements for the position of Directors or senior management and form a resolution which would be
   recorded and submitted to the Board for its consideration. In respect of the nomination of senior management,
   the Nomination Committee shall provide the Board with candidates for the position of its recommendation
   together with relevant materials one (1) month before the nomination. During the Reporting Period, the
   Nomination Committee strictly implemented the nomination procedures and recommendation criteria in
   accordance with the nomination policy enacted.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   55
Corporate Governance Report


       Strategic Committee


       The Board has established the Strategic Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the
       Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee of the twelfth session of the Board comprised the executive
       Directors, namely, Ms. Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong and Mr. Dai Hui
       Zhong. Ms. Gao Yu Ling acted as the chairperson of the committee.


       The Strategic Committee of the Board is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily
       responsible for studying and making recommendations on the long-term development strategies and the
       decision-making on significant investments of the Company.


       During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee comprised members who are nominated by the
       Chairman of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more
       of all the Directors and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who
       shall be the Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the Strategic Committee shall be
       consistent with his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon
       his or her retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or
       she shall be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the
       person elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.


       The Strategic Committee of the Board held four meetings during the Reporting Period and the attendance
       record of the members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:


                                                                   Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                   Strategic Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                   Number of
                                                      meeting
                                                which should            Number of             Number of           Attendance
                                                  be attended           attendance           attendance                   rate for
       Name                                       for the year            in person             by proxy              the year


       Ms. Gao Yu Ling (Note 1)                               1                    1                     0                  100%
       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong (Note 2)                             4                    4                     0                  100%
       Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                      4                    4                     0                  100%
       Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                         4                    4                     0                  100%
       Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                       4                    4                     0                  100%
       Mr. Zhu Dan (Note 3)                                   1                    1                     0                  100%
       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua (Note 4)                            2                    2                     0                  100%

      Notes:

       1.       Ms. Gao Yu Ling has been appointed as a member and the chairperson of the Strategic Committee since 21
                November 2024;


       2.       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong has ceased to be the chairman of the Strategic Committee since 21 November 2024;


       3.       Mr. Zhu Dan has been an executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024; and


       4.       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June 2024.




56   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Committee considered and approved:


   1.     Resolution on connected transaction on joint capital increase with a related party;


   2.     Resolution on participation in the establishment of an industrial fund and connected transaction;


   3.     Resolution on the election of Mr. Dai Hui Zhong as chairman of the Strategy Committee of the twelfth
          session of the Board; and


   4.     Resolution on the election of Ms. Gao Yu Ling as a member and chairperson of the Strategy Committee
          of the twelfth session of the Board (the term of office will expire upon the expiration of the twelfth
          session of the Board).


   Audit Committee


   The Board takes ultimate responsibility for the Company’s internal control and risk management systems.
   To achieve the best corporate governance practices, the Company has set up the Audit Committee to review
   the efficiency of the relevant systems. The Audit Committee is a specialised working organisation under the
   Board with specific written terms of reference, and is responsible for the communication, supervision and
   inspection of the internal and external audit work of the Company. The Audit Committee reports to the Board
   and its proposals shall be submitted to the Board for approval.


   The major duties and authority of the Audit Committee are:


   I.     to supervise and assess external audits, and to make recommendations on the appointment or change
          of external auditing body; to be primarily responsible for making recommendations to the Board
          o n th e a p p o in tme n t, re a p p o in tme nt a nd re mova l of the e xte rna l a uditing body, a nd to a ppr ove
          the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditing body, and any questions of its
          resignation or dismissal;


   II.    t o re v iew an d mo n ito r th e in d e pe nde nc e a nd obje c tivity of the e xte rna l a uditing body a nd t he
          effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards. The Audit Committee
          should discuss with the auditing body the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
          the audit commences;


   III.   to develop and implement policy on engaging an external auditing body to supply non-audit services.
          F o r t h i s p u r p o s e, “e x t e r n a l a u d i t i n g b o d y” i n c l u d e s a n y e n t i t y t h a t i s u n d e r c o m m o n c o n t r o l,
          ownership or management with the auditing body or any entity that a reasonable and informed
          third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably conclude to be part of the audit firm
          nationally or internationally. The Audit Committee should report to the Board, identifying and making
          recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed;




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       57
Corporate Governance Report


       IV.      To review and express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements. To review the Company’s
                financial accounting reports and express an opinion on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness
                o f t h e f i n a n c i a l a c c o u n t i n g r e p o r t s, f o c u s i n g o n s i g n i f i c a n t a c c o u n t i n g a n d a u d i t i n g i s s u e s i n
                the Company’s financial accounting reports, with particular attention to the possibility of fraud,
                fraudulent acts and material misstatements related to the financial accounting reports, and to oversee
                the rectification of problems in the financial accounting reports. The Audit Committee shall urge the
                external audit institutions to be honest, trustworthy, diligent and responsible, strictly abide by the
                business rules and industry discipline regulations, strictly implement the internal control system, check
                and verify the Company’s financial and accounting reports, perform the special care obligations, and
                prudently express professional opinions. In reviewing these reports before submission to the Board, the
                committee should focus particularly on:


                1.         any changes in accounting policies and practices;


                2.         major judgmental areas;


                3.         significant adjustments resulting from the audit;


                4.         the going concern assumptions and any qualifications;


                5.         compliance with accounting standards; and


                6.         compliance with the listing rules of the stock exchange where the shares are listed and legal
                           requirements in relation to financial reporting;


       V.       Regarding item (4) above:


                1.         members of the committee should liaise with the Board and senior management; and


                2.         the committee should consider any significant or unusual items that are, or may need to be,
                           reflected in the reports and accounts, and it should give due consideration to any matters that
                           have been raised by the Company’s staff responsible for the accounting and financial reporting
                           function, compliance officer or auditing body.


       VI.      to supervise and assess the Company’s internal control; to review the Company’s financial controls,
                risk management and internal control systems;


       VII.     to discuss risk management and internal control systems with management to ensure that management
                has performed its duty to establish effective systems. This discussion should include the adequacy
                of resources, staff qualifications, experience and training programmes, and relevant budget of the
                Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;


       VIII. to consider major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters as delegated
                by the Board or on its own initiative and management’s response to these findings;




58   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   IX.    to supervise and assess internal audits, to be responsible for the co-ordination between internal audits
          and external audits, and to ensure that the internal audit function is adequately resourced and has
          appropriate standing within the Company, and to review and monitor its effectiveness;


   X.     to examine and review the Company’s financial, accounting policies and practices;


   XI.    to review the management letter provided to the management by the external auditing body, any
          material queries raised by the auditing body to management about the accounting records, financial
          accounts or systems of control and management’s response;


   XII.   to ensure that the Board will provide a timely response to the issues raised in the management letter
          provided to the management by the external auditing body;


   XIII. to urge the external auditors to be honest, trustworthy and diligent, to strictly comply with the business
          rules and industry self-regulatory norms, to strictly implement the internal control system, to verify
          and validate the financial accounting reports of the Company, to perform special attention obligations
          and to express professional opinions prudently.


   XIV. to report to the Board on the matters in these terms of reference;


   XV.    to examine and review the following arrangements: employees of the Company can, in confidence,
          raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters. The
          Audit Committee should ensure that proper arrangements are in place for the Company to conduct fair
          and independent investigation of these matters and for appropriate follow-up action;


   XVI. to act as the key representative body for overseeing the Company’s relationship with the external
          auditing body;


   XVII. to establish anti-corruption and whistle-blowing mechanism to follow, pay attention to and openly
          handle the questions and complaints made by the staff, customers, suppliers and investors of the
          Company and social media on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of financial information;


   XVIII. to make recommendations regarding the establishment and modification of corporate governance
          mechanism and to provide effective supervision over the implementation of resolutions of the Board by
          senior management of the Company; and


   XIX. to be responsible for matters pursuant to the laws, regulations, Articles of Association and such other
          matters as the Board may authorize.


   All members of the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors. During the Reporting Period,
   the Audit Committee consisted of Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun. Mr. Xu Guo Jun
   acted as the chairman of the committee.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   59
Corporate Governance Report


       The Audit Committee held nine meetings during the Reporting Period, and the attendance record of the
       members of the Audit Committee is set out below. All matters considered and approved at such meetings were
       recorded in accordance with the relevant requirements and filed for record after being reviewed and signed by
       all members of the Audit Committee.


                                                                  Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                    Audit Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                                  Number of
                                                      meeting
                                                which should           Number of             Number of           Attendance
                                                 be attended           attendance           attendance                 rate for
       Name                                      for the year            in person             by proxy                the year


       Mr. Xu Guo Jun (Note 1)                               4                    4                    0                 100%
       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing (Note 2)                           5                    5                    0                 100%
       Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                       9                    9                    0                 100%
       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen (Note 3)                          4                    4                    0                 100%
       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit (Note 4)                           5                    5                    0                 100%

      Notes:

       1.       Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


       2.       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


       3.       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24
                June 2024; and


       4.       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 2
                August 2024.


       In 2024, the Audit Committee accomplished the following major tasks:


       1.       having reviewed the annual, interim and quarterly financial results and reports of the Company;


       2.       having considered and approved the report on internal control for the year of 2023 and the final report
                for the audit work conducted by the auditing body for the year of 2023;


       3.       having considered and approved the resolution on the re-appointment of ShineWing Certified Public
                Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2024;


       4.       having reviewed the connected transactions of the Company to ensure that the connected transactions
                were in compliance with the principles of fairness, impartiality and transparency with sufficient
                protection of the medium and minority shareholders’ interests;


       5.       having reviewed the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and


       6.       having made suggestions regarding significant matters of the Company and reminded the management
                of the relevant risks.




60   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   ESG Committee


   The Board has established the ESG Committee with specific written terms of reference. During the Reporting
   Period, the ESG Committee of the twelfth session of the Board comprised the executive Directors, namely,
   Ms. Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong and Mr. Dai Hui Zhong. Ms. Gao Yu
   Ling acted as the chairman of the committee.


   The ESG Committee of the Board is a specialised working organisation under the Board, primarily responsible
   for studying and making recommendations on the environmental, social and corporate governance work of the
   Group.


   During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee comprised members who are nominated by the Chairman
   of the Board, one-half or more of the independent non-executive Directors or one-third or more of all the
   Directors and are elected by the Board. The committee shall have one chairman (convener), who shall be the
   Chairman of the Board. The term of office of each member of the ESG Committee shall be consistent with
   his or her term of office with the Board, and members of the committee can be re-elected upon his or her
   retirement. During the term of office, if any member of the committee ceases to be a Director, he or she shall
   be disqualified as a member of the committee accordingly, and the vacancy should be filled by the person
   elected by the committee in accordance with the requirements.


   The ESG Committee of the Board held three meetings during the Reporting Period and the attendance record
   of the members of the Strategic Committee is set out below:


                                                             Attendance of the meetings of the
                                                 ESG Committee of the Board by the committee members

                                              Number of
                                                 meeting
                                           which should            Number of           Number of               Attendance
                                             be attended          attendance           attendance                   rate for
   Name                                      for the year           in person            by proxy                  the year


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling (Note 1)                             3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                    3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                       3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                     3                    3                    0                    100%
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong     (Note 2)
                                                        3                    3                    0                    100%

   Notes:


   1.       Ms. Gao Yu Ling has been appointed as the chairperson of the ESG Committee since 21 November 2024; and


   2.       Mr. Dai Hui Zhong has ceased to be the chairman of the ESG Committee since 21 November 2024.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   61
Corporate Governance Report


         During the Reporting Period, the ESG Committee considered and approved:


         1.       2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report;


         2.       Resolution on the election of Mr. Dai Hui Zhong as chairman of the ESG Committee of the twelfth
                  session of the Board; and


         3.       Resolution on the election of Ms. Gao Yu Ling as the chairperson of the ESG Committee of the twelfth
                  session of the Board (the term of office will expire upon the expiration of the twelfth session of the
                  Board of the Company).


(c)      Supervisory Committee


         The Supervisory Committee was established in accordance with the PRC laws. It independently performs its
         supervisory duties to protect the legal interests of shareholders, the Company and its staff from infringements.
         It also reviews the Company’s financial positions in accordance with the relevant requirements of the Articles
         of Association, and oversees the discharge of duties of the Directors and the senior management of the
         Company.


         During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee comprised two shareholders representative
         supervisors, namely Mr. Liu Zhen Shun and Ms. Sun Jia Hui and one employee representative supervisor, Mr.
         Bao Yi, with Mr. Liu Zhen Shun acting as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee.


         Please also refer to the profiles of the Supervisory Committee set out on page 68 of this annual report.


(II)     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE

         To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has
         complied with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong
         Kong Listing Rules.


         Directors’ Training


         In order to enhance the level of corporate governance of the Directors, the secretary of the Board continuously
         follows the latest regulatory requirements set out by the securities regulatory institutions, and delivers
         such requirements and information to the Directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company
         in a timely manner. At the same time, the Company has also arranged training programs for the relevant
         Directors, supervisors and senior management, which includes specific training sessions held by the Shenzhen
         Stock Exchange and China Securities Regulatory Commission Guangdong Bureau, to assist the Directors in
         participating in continuous professional development.




62     Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


   The Board secretary maintains records of training attended by the Directors. The training attended by each
   current Director during the Reporting Period is tabulated as follows:


   Name                                                                                                     Types of training
                                                                                                                          (Note)


   Ms. Gao Yu Ling                                                                                                               b
   Mr. Jia Shao Qian                                                                                                             b
   Mr. Yu Zhi Tao                                                                                                                b
   Mr. Hu Jian Yong                                                                                                              b
   Mr. Zhu Dan                                                                                                                 a, b
   Mr. Dai Hui Zhong                                                                                                             b
   Mr. Li Zhi Gang                                                                                                               b
   Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing                                                                                                          a, b
   Mr. Xu Guo Jun                                                                                                              a, b

   Notes:

   a.       attending seminar(s) or training session(s)


   b.       reading newspapers, journals and updates relating to the Company’s business or directors’ duties and responsibilities
            etc.


   Chairman and President


   The Chairman of the Board and the President of the Company are appointed by the Board. The persons who
   were appointed as the Chairman and the President of the Company during the Reporting Period and up to the
   date of this report are as follows:


   Position                      Former Chairman                Chairperson                     President


   Name                          Mr. Dai Hui Zhong              Ms. Gao Yu Ling                 Mr. Hu Jian Yong


   Term of office                28 October 2021 to 21          21 November 2024 to             28 February 2023 to present
                                   November 2024                   present

   The Chairman shall be responsible for presiding over the general meetings, convening and presiding over
   the Board meetings, ensuring that the Board is in effective proper operation to review and discuss all the
   significant issues in a timely and effective manner, reviewing the implementation of the Board’s resolutions
   as well as discharging his duties as the legal representative of the Company. The President shall be in charge
   of the management of the production and operation of the Company, and is responsible for organising the
   implementation of the Board’s resolutions and the Company’s annual operational and investment plans and
   making decisions on other issues within the scope of the delegation by the Board. During the Reporting
   Period, the Chairman held at least one meeting with the independent non-executive Directors without the
   presence of the executive Directors.


   Since 21 November 2024, Mr. Dai Hui Zhong has ceased to serve as the Chairman of the Company and the
   position of the Chairperson has been held by Ms. Gao Yu Ling.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    63
Corporate Governance Report


       Internal Control


       During the Reporting Period, pursuant to the provisions and requirements of the “Basic Norms for Enterprise
       Internal Control” and its ancillary guidelines, with the objectives of enhancing the level of corporate
       operation and management and risk prevention ability, as well as reasonably ensuring the compliance of the
       Company’s operation with laws and regulations, the safety of assets, the truthfulness and completeness of the
       financial reports and relevant information, optimising the efficiency and efficacy of operation and promoting
       the implementation of strategies for sustainable development by the Company, and taking into account the
       Company’s internal control and risk management systems and assessment method and on the basis of daily
       supervision and specific supervision of internal control and risk management, the Company has determined the
       scope of assessment in internal control and risk management that puts emphasis on the areas of organisational
       structure, development strategies, human resources, social responsibility, corporate culture, funding activities,
       procurement business, asset management, sales business, research and development, engineering project,
       outsourcing of business, financial reporting, comprehensive budgeting, contract management, internal
       information transmission and information system, and other compliance and risk management matters and has
       carried out assessment on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk management systems
       in 2024. Conclusions were drawn in respect of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
       systems: during the Reporting Period, the Company has established internal control and risk management
       mechanisms for all businesses and matters included in the scope of assessment, and the internal control and
       risk management systems have been effectively executed to achieve the objectives of the Company’s internal
       control and risk management systems without significant defect.


       During the Reporting Period, the internal audit department of the Group has assessed the effectiveness of the
       risk management and internal control systems of the Group and the assessment result was positive.


       The Board has conducted an annual review of the effectiveness of the internal control and risk management
       systems of the Company during the Reporting Period. During the course of the review, the Board considered
       that the Company had established an appropriate internal control and risk management systems for the
       Company based on the actual situation and was not aware of any significant defect in the internal control and
       risk management systems of the Company. In addition, the Company has engaged ShineWing Certified Public
       Accountants LLP to perform independent audit on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control and risk
       management systems and an audit report has been issued. The auditor is of the view that as at 31 December
       2024, the Company has maintained effective internal control and risk management systems related to financial
       reporting in accordance with the “Basic Norms for Enterprise Internal Control” and the relevant requirements
       in all material respects.


       As at the date of this report, members of the twelfth session of the Board considered that there is no major
       uncertain event or circumstance which may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a going
       concern.


       The Board is responsible for the internal control and risk management systems of the Group, including
       reviewing their effectiveness. The systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
       to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
       misstatement or loss.




64   Annual Report 2024
Corporate Governance Report


    The Group’s internal control and risk management systems have been developed by the Board with the
    following features and processes:


    1.     the management, with the assistance of the Group’s front-line personnel, identifies risks that may
           affect the Group’s business and operations;


    2.     the management assesses the risks identified by considering their impacts on the business and the
           likelihood of occurrence of the adverse events associated with the risks;


    3.     the management prioritises the risks based on their probability and the severity of impact on the
           business;


    4.     the management reports regularly to the Board for the Board’s formulation of the risk management
           strategies and internal control processes to prevent, avoid and mitigate the risks;


    5.     the management performs ongoing and periodic monitoring of the risks to ensure that appropriate
           internal control processes are in place and material internal control defects can be resolved and reports
           its findings and results to the Board regularly; and


    6.     t h e B o a r d, w i t h t h e a s s i s t a n c e o f t h e A u d i t C o m m i t t e e a n d t h e m a n a g e m e n t, r e v i e w s t h e r i s k
           management strategies and internal control processes on a regularly basis.


    Inside Information


    The Company has formulated a policy on disclosure of inside information to ensure that inside information is
    handled and disseminated properly and in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. The business
    departments and the department heads within the Group are responsible for monitoring any changes and
    developments and reporting any potential or suspected inside information events to the Board. Based on
    the information reported and obtained, the Board assesses whether any of the information constitutes inside
    information which needs to be released to the public with the advice of the internal legal team of the Group.
    Should public disclosure be required, the Board will determine the scope of information to be disclosed and
    the timing of disclosure. If and when appropriate, the Board may seek independent professional advice to
    ensure that the Company complies with the disclosure requirements. The Company discloses information to
    the public through channels including websites of its own and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, with an aim to
    achieve fair and timely disclosure of information.


(III) SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

    The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
    (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as its code for securities
    transactions by the Directors. After making specific enquiries to the Directors, they all confirmed that they
    had complied with the Model Code during their term of office.




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024       65
Corporate Governance Report


(IV) AUDITOR

        On 24 June 2024, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company re-appointed
        ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2024, and the
        Board was authorised to fix their remuneration.


        The Company has agreed to pay a remuneration of approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the
        auditors for the provision of audit services for financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year
        ended 31 December 2024 and bear the corresponding travel expenses. During the Reporting Period, no non-
        audit service was provided by the auditors to the Group.


        The Directors acknowledged their responsibility for preparing the accounts that give a true and fair view of
        the Group’s financial position on a going-concern basis and other financial disclosures. A statement by the
        auditors of the Company in respect of their reporting responsibilities is set out in the Auditor’s Report section
        contained in this annual report.


(V)     COMPANY SECRETARY

        Ms. Wong Tak Fong has been the company secretary of the Company to assist the Company in dealing with
        the Hong Kong Listing Rules compliance matters. Ms Wong Tak Fong is the Company’s external personnel.
        She can contact and communicate with the Board secretary of the Company, Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, in her day-
        to-day work. According to Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Ms. Wong Tak Fong has taken no less
        than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period.




66    Annual Report 2024
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Incumbent Directors


Ms. Gao Yu Ling, aged 43, Master of Management, served successively as the deputy director of finance center of
Hisense Visual, the chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company, the general manager and the
deputy chief accountant of financial and operation management department of Hisense Group, the supervisor of
Hisense Air-Conditioning. Ms. Gao serves as the director of Sanden Company and the Chairperson of the Company.


Mr. Jia Shao Qian, aged 52, Doctor of Economics, served successively as the legal advisor of legal affairs
department and the director of the president’s office of Hisense Company Limited, the supervisor of Hisense Visual,
the vice president and president of the Company, the general manager of Hisense (Shandong) Refrigerator Co., the
executive vice president of Hisense Company Limited, and the president of Hisense Group. Mr. Jia serves as the
chairman of Hisense Group, the director of Hisense Visual and a Director of the Company.


Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, aged 48, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as a research & development (“R&D”) engineer
of Hisense Company Limited, the deputy general manager of Qingdao Hisense Mobile Technology Company Ltd.*
（青島海信移動通信技術有限公司）,the general manager of software R&D department and overseas R&D department
and the deputy general manager and the president of R&D center of Hisense Visual, the deputy general manager and
the general manager of Qingdao Hisense Media Network Technology Company Ltd.*（青島海信傳媒網絡技術有限公
司）, the general manager of VIDAA Technology Co., Ltd.*（聚好看科技股份有限公司）, the executive vice president
and president of Hisense Company, and the president of Hisense Visual. Mr. Yu serves as the director and chief
executive officer of Hisense Group, the chairman of Hisense Visual, the director of Sanden Company and a Director
of the Company.


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 51, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as an assistant general manager, the deputy
general manager and the general manager of Hisense Visual, an assistant general manager and the vice president of
Hisense Management, the director of Hisense Air-Conditioning. Mr. Hu serves as a Director and the President of the
Company.


Mr. Zhu Dan, aged 50, Master’s degree, served successively as the general manager for the Middle East and Africa,
general manager for the Americas, and general manager for Europe at Hisense International, as well as the president
and the chairman of Hisense International. Mr. Zhu serves as a director of Hisense Visual, and a director of Sanden
Company and a Director of the Company.


Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, aged 59, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as the vice-general manager of Qingdao
Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., the director and the general manager of Hisense Visual, the president and the chairman of
Hisense Broadband Multimedia Technology (BVI) Inc., the president and the chairman of the Company and the vice
president and the senior vice president of Hisense Company Limited. Mr. Dai serves as a consultant of Hisense Group
and a Director of the Company.


Mr. Li Zhi Gang, aged 49, Doctor of Management of Nankai University, served as an associate professor at the
School of Management of Ocean University of China. Mr. Li serves as a professor at the School of Management of
Ocean University of China, an independent director of Qingdao Thunderobot Technology Co., Ltd.*(青島雷神科技股
份有限公司), and an independent non-executive Director of the Company.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   67
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing, aged 62, an Honorary Doctorate from California International University, served as a director
of Calson Industrial International Company Limited and Calson Investment Limited. Mr. Tsoi serves as an executive
d i r e c t o r o f C h a n g z h o u Q i f a F o o t w e a r C o., L t d.*(常州啟發鞋業有限公司) a n d C h a n g z h o u Q i c h e n I n v e s t m e n t
Co., Ltd.*(常州啟辰投資有限公司), the chairman and executive director of Star Shine Holdings Group Limited
(a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with stock code: 1440), a director of Hope Faith Limited, a
supervisor of Putian Qiming Footwear Co., Ltd.*(莆田啟明鞋業有限公司) and an independent non-executive Director
of the Company.


Mr. Xu Guo Jun, aged 62, Doctor of Economics (Accounting) of Renmin University of China and a Non-practicing
Certified Public Accountant, served as the chief accountant, deputy general manager, general manager and the
d i r e c t o r o f Q i n g d a o G u o x i n D e v e l o p m e n t (G r o u p) C o., L t d.*(青島國信發展（集團）有限責任公司), a p r o f e s s o r
of accounting and a PhD supervisor at Ocean University of China, the director of the Institute of Human Value
Management of Ocean University of China*(中國海洋大學人本價值管理研究所) (retired), an independent director
of Qingdao Doublestar Co., Ltd.*(青島雙星股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
with stock code: 000599), an independent director of Ceyear Technologies Co., Ltd.*(中電科思儀科技股份有限公
司), an outside director of Qingdao Qingtie Jinhui Holdings Limited*(青島青鐵金匯控股有限公司), as well as an
independent director of Impulse (Qingdao) Health Tech Co., Ltd.* (青島英派斯健康科技股份有限公司) (a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code: 002899). Mr. Xu serves as an independent director of
Baiyang Investment Group, INC.* (百洋產業投資集團股份有限公司) (since August 2020, a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange with stock code: 002696), and an independent director of Qingdao Pangu Intelligent
Manufacturing Co., Ltd.*(青島盤古智能製造股份有限公司) (since October 2020, a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange with stock code: 301456) and an independent non-executive Director of the Company.


Incumbent Supervisors


Mr. Liu Zhen Shun, aged 55, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as the head of the legal affairs department, the
general manager of legal and intellectual properties department, and the deputy secretary of the discipline committee
of Hisense Company Limited, the secretary of the discipline committee of Hisense Group. He serves as the deputy
secretary of the Party Committee, the chairman of the Supervisory Committee, chief compliance officer, and the
general manager of legal and intellectual properties department of the Hisense Group, and the chairman of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company.


Ms. Sun Jia Hui, aged 36, Master of Management of Shandong University, served successively as the head of audit
of audit department, the head of business analysis of finance and operation management department of Hisense
Company Limited, the vice-general manager of finance and operation management department of Hisense Visual, and
the head of operation management department under the finance and operation management department of Hisense
Company Limited, and the vice-general manager of financial and operation management department of Hisense
Group. She serves as the chief financial management office of financial and operation management department of
Hisense Group, a supervisor of Hisense Visual, a supervisor of Hisense Air-Conditioning, a supervisor of Sanden
Company, and a supervisor of the Company.


Mr. Bao Yi, aged 44, Master’s degree, served as the head of general manager’s office, general manager of overseas
business department, and vice president of Hisense Hitachi. Mr. Bao serves as the deputy secretary of the Party
Committee and chairman of the Labor Union and a supervisor of the Company.




68    Annual Report 2024
Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Members of the Senior Management


Incumbent Senior Management Members


Mr. Hu Jian Yong, aged 51, Bachelor’s degree, served successively as an assistant general manager, the deputy
general manager and the general manager of Hisense Visual, an assistant general manager and the vice president of
Hisense Management, the director of Hisense Air-Conditioning. Mr. Hu serves as a Director and the President of the
Company.


Mr. Sun Chang Chun, aged 41, Bachelor’s degree and senior accountant, served successively as a director of the
finance department of Hisense (Shandong) Air Conditioning Company Limited, the chief financial officer of Hisense
International Marketing Europe Holding Co., the general manager of the financial and operation management
department of Hisense Air-Conditioning and the deputy chief accountant of Hisense Hitachi. Mr. Sun serves as the
chief financial officer and the chief accountant of the Company.


Ms. Zhang Yu Xin, aged 38, holds a Bachelor’s degree and a Master’s degree in law from Tsinghua University and
a Master’s degree in Public Administration from Cornell University, worked for Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
Ltd, Swiss Bank and Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd. She serves as the Secretary of the Board of the Company.


Ms. Wong Tak Fong, aged 58, Master of Business Administration from the University of Bradford in the United
Kingdom, is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators in the United Kingdom and
the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and a fellow member of the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong. She
acted as the managing director of General Bright Consultants Ltd., and a joint company secretary of the Company.
She serves as the company secretary of the Company.

Note:   Hisense Group and Hisense Air-Conditioning mentioned in the above profiles are substantial shareholders of the Company
        within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.


        As at the date of this report, Mr. Jia Shao Qian is the chairman of Hisense Group. Hisense Group was deemed to have
        interest in the shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV
        of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”).


        As at the date of this report, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao is the director of Hisense Group. Hisense Group was deemed to have interest
        in the shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
        SFO.


        As at the date of this report, Mr. Zhu Dan is the director of Hisense Visual. Hisense Group was deemed to have interest in
        the shares of the Company, which would fall to be disclosed under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
        SFO.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   69
Report of the Directors


BOARD COMPOSITION

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprised six executive Directors, being Ms. Gao Yu Ling, Mr. Jia
Shao Qian, Mr. Yu Zhi Tao, Mr. Hu Jian Yong, Mr. Zhu Dan and Mr. Dai Hui Zhong, and three independent non-
executive Directors, being Mr. Li Zhi Gang, Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing and Mr. Xu Guo Jun.


During the Reporting Period, the changes in the Directors are as follows:


Executive Directors


Ms. Gao Yu Ling
Mr. Jia Shao Qian
Mr. Yu Zhi Tao
Mr. Hu Jian Yong
Mr. Zhu Dan Note 1
Mr. Dai Hui Zhong
Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua Note 2


Independent Non-executive Directors


Mr. Li Zhi Gang
Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing Note 3
Mr. Xu Guo Jun Note 4
Mr. Zhong Geng Shen Note 5
Mr. Cheung Sai Kit Note 6

Notes:

1.       Mr. Zhu Dan has been an executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


2.       Mr. Xia Zhang Zhua has ceased to be an executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June 2024 due to the expiry
         of his term of office;


3.       Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 24 June 2024;


4.       Mr. Xu Guo Jun has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since 2 August 2024;


5.       Mr. Zhong Geng Shen has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 June
         2024 due to the expiry of his term of office; and


6.       Mr. Cheung Sai Kit has ceased to be an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 2 August 2024
         due to the expiry of his term of office.




70   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES

The Group is mainly engaged in the R&D, manufacturing and marketing of refrigerators, household air-conditioners,
central air-conditioners, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances and other electrical products, as well as
of moulds, automotive air conditioner compressors and integrated thermal management systems, and provides full-
scenario smart home solutions centered on intelligent upgrading of household appliances.


BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Company and further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as
required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), including
a discussion of the risks faced by the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end
of the Reporting Period, and an indication of the likely future developments of the Group’s business, can be found
in the Chairman’s Statement, the Management Discussion and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this
annual report.


In addition, the Group’s environmental, employee, customer and supplier matters and compliance with the relevant
laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Company can be found in the Management Discussion
and Analysis and the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report, and the 2024 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company published on 28 April 2025, respectively.


These discussions form part of this Report of the Directors.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group closely integrated its energy conservation and emissions reduction efforts with its corporate operational
strategy. This was done in full compliance with the laws, regulations and requirements of relevant systems of the
Company for the purposes of further improving the environmental management system, specifying job responsibilities
and detailed appraisal rules, strengthening supervision and management over the operation of environmental
protection facilities and regulated environmental protection work. The Group’s environmental protection work is
always unremitting. the Company passed the recertification audit of ISO14001 environmental management system by
the certification authority, and the certification certificate continues to be valid.


The Group maintains a refined system of occupational health and safety management. Its production safety
management systems are developed at headquarters level in accordance with national laws and regulations.
Corresponding rules for safe operation are also in place regarding the equipment and facilities of the Group’s
subordinate factories.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group’s business is mainly carried out by its subsidiaries in mainland China, and the Company is dually listed on
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the operations of the Group should
comply with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland China and Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, to
the best knowledge of the Company, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations of mainland
China and Hong Kong which have significant impacts on the business and operations of the Group. There was no
material breach of, or non-compliance with, the applicable laws and regulations which have significant impacts on
the business and operations of the Group.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   71
Report of the Directors


RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAFF, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHER PERSONS

The Group continuously improves its vocational education and training system, creates equal opportunities
for employees, and regards training as a driving force for enhancing employees’ quality and promoting career
development. The Group cares about the lives of employees and has facilities such as employee apartments, canteens,
outpatient departments, etc., which are managed by specialized institutions within the Group, providing employees
with enthusiastic and considerate logistics and health services.


The Group has always prioritized customer needs by creating valuable products and improving services. The
Company has increased customer satisfaction and offered the ideal experience for customers by improving its
customer service system and putting policies in place to protect their rights and interests.


The Group has established close and stable relationships with several major suppliers, and past records of the Group
showed that no significant shortages or delays were experienced when the Group received supplies or services from
the suppliers. During the Reporting Period, there was no major or significant dispute between the Group and its
suppliers.


The Group has always adhered to the concept of honest operation. All employees of the Group strictly implement
the “Code of Integrity” and strictly abide by the code of conduct for integrity that should be observed with multiple
stakeholders such as shareholders, customers, partners, the government, and society.


Further discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, compliance with laws and regulations,
and relationships with key stakeholders are also contained in the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
of the Company published on 28 April 2025.


PROFIT DISTRIBUTION POLICIES

According to the Articles of Association, the profit distribution policy of the Company is as follows:


1.     The profit distribution of the Company shall focus on giving reasonable investment return to its investors. The
       profit distribution policies shall maintain continuity and stability, and shall not be adjusted at will to lower the
       level of return to shareholders once such policies have been confirmed.


2.     Form, condition and proportion of profit distribution of the Company:


       (1)      T h e C o m p a n y m a y d i s t r i b u t e d i v i d e n d s b y d i s t r i b u t i n g d i v i d e n d s i n f o r m o f c a s h, s h a r e s o r a
                combination of both cash and shares and distribution of profits by cash dividends shall be a prioritized
                means. When the conditions for profit distribution by cash dividends are met, profit distribution
                by cash dividends shall be adopted. Share repurchase by means of offering or centralized bidding
                in consideration of cash shall be deemed as cash dividend and included in the percentage of cash
                dividend.




72   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


     (2)    In distributing dividends in cash, the Company shall also meet the following conditions:


            (i)     the distributable profits of the Company for the year (i.e. the profits after tax of the Company
                    after making up for losses and making allocations to the statutory common reserve fund) shall
                    be a positive figure;


            (ii)    the auditor shall issue a standard unqualified audit report on the financial report of the Company
                    for the year;


            (iii)   the cash flows of the Company shall meet the normal operation and long-term development of
                    the Company.


     (3)    In principle, the dividends distributed by the Company in cash in the year shall not be less than 10% of
            the distributable profits realized in the year, and the accumulated profits distributed by the Company in
            cash in the last three years shall not be less than thirty (30) percent of the average annual distributable
            profits realized in the last three years. The remaining distributable profits shall be used to support the
            sustainable development of the Company.


     (4)    Conditions for distributing dividends in shares: Under the pre-requisite of ensuring reasonable share
            capital size and shareholding structure, the Company may distribute dividends in shares when the
            valuation of its shares is within a reasonable range, in order to provide return to its shareholders and
            share its corporate value.


     (5)    The profits distributed by the Company shall not exceed the accumulated distributable profits.


3.   In the event that the Company realizes distributable profits, the Company may distribute interim cash
     dividends or distribute dividends in shares based on its profitability and capital requirements.


4.   Adjustment process of profit distribution policies:


     (1)    If the Company needs to adjust its profit distribution policies due to significant changes in external
            operating environment or its own operation, it shall consider from the perspective of the protection of
            shareholders’ interests, discuss in details and explain the reasons therefor. The Board shall put forward
            a proposal for adjusting the profit distribution policies based on actual situation, and the independent
            non-executive Directors and the Supervisory Committee shall issue examination opinions in this
            regard. The proposal shall be submitted to the shareholders’ general meeting for the passing by the
            shareholders (including proxies) with voting rights representing two-thirds or more of the voting rights
            present at the meeting.


     (2)    The opinions of the independent non-executive Directors and the shareholders shall be given due
            consideration in the course of discussion, formulation and amendment to the profit distribution policies
            of the Company. The Company shall hear the opinions of the shareholders on its profit distribution
            policies through investor telephone consultation, on-site survey and investor interactive platform, etc.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   73
Report of the Directors


The Company strictly executes the profit distribution policies and establishes the profit distribution proposal in
accordance with its Articles of Association. The cash dividend policy of the Company is established and executed in
accordance with relevant requirements under the Articles of Association of the Company and the requirements at the
shareholder’s general meeting. The distribution standards and proportions are clearly stated and the relevant decision
making procedures systems of the profit distribution policies are complete, and the independent non-executive
Directors have issued independent opinion in respect of the proposed profit distribution policy of the Company for
the year, and diligently served their obligations and properly exercised their role.


Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 27 May 2022 for further details on the Shareholders’ Return Plan
for the Next Three Years (2022-2024) of the Company, which has been approved by the shareholders of the Company
at the 2021 annual general meeting held by the Company on 24 June 2022.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board proposes to distribute a cash dividend of RMB12.30 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares to all shareholders
(the “Proposed Dividend”) on the basis of the total share capital of the Company of 1,385,264,498 shares which
represents the total share capital of 1,386,010,405 shares deducting the repurchased shares from the repurchase
account as at the date of this announcement (as at 28 March 2025, the Company has repurchased 745,907 shares
in total), without bonus issue and issue of shares by way of conversion of capital reserve. (For the year ended 31
December 2023, a cash dividend of RMB10.13 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares was paid to all shareholders on the basis
of the total share capital of 1,385,264,498 shares of the Company actually participating in the distribution.)


The Proposed Dividend is subject to approval by the shareholders at the 2024 annual general meeting. Subject to the
approval of the Proposed Dividend by the shareholders, the Proposed Dividend is expected to be paid on or about 15
August 2025. The total amount of profits to be distributed is expected to be RMB1,703,875,332.54. Details of the
payment of the Proposed Dividend will be announced after the conclusion of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.


RESERVES

Movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note V. (42-48）to the financial
statements.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2024 are set out in note V.（48）and note XV to the
financial statements.


LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

For the year ended 31 December 2024, net cash generated from operating activities of the Group amounted to
approximately RMB5,132 million (2023: net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately
RMB10,612 million).


As at 31 December 2024, the Group had cash and cash equivalents (including bank deposits, cash and guarantee
balance) amounting to approximately RMB4,398 million (2023: RMB4,939 million), of which more than RMB3,434
million are denominated in Renminbi (2023: RMB3,926 million), and loans amounting to RMB3,715 million (2023:
RMB3,301 million).




74   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


Total capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to approximately RMB1,394
million (2023: RMB985 million).


As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s current liabilities amounted to RMB47,919 million, non-current liabilities
amounted to RMB2,408 million, and shareholders’ equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company amounted
to RMB15,456 million.


Details of the Group’s capital structure are set out in note XVI (1) to the financial statements.


HUMAN RESOURCES AND EMPLOYEES’ REMUNERATION

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had 55,670 employees, of which the number of female employees was 19,110,
representing approximately 34.33% of the total number of all employees, and the number of male employees was
36,560, representing approximately 65.67% of the total number of all employees. Among them, 10,610 were technical
staff, 11,388 were sales staff, 506 were finance staff, 1,343 were administrative staff and 31,823 were production
st a f f. T h e Gr o u p h a d 84 emp lo y ee s w ith a d o c tora te de gre e, 2,707 w ith a ma s te r’s de gre e a nd 52,879 wi t h a
bachelor’s degree or below. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s staff payroll amounted to RMB9,220
million (2023: RMB8,470 million).


The Company emphasizes gender diversity among its employees. As the Company belongs to the home appliance
manufacturing industry, it attracts a higher proportion of male employees due to objective factors such as physical
fitness and working environment. However, the Company adheres to the principle of equal employment, respecting
and treating employees of different genders in a fair manner, and providing equal opportunities to all employees in
terms of wages, promotion, incentives and access to training. Further discussion on the Group's employee diversity
compliance is contained in the 2024 Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company published on 28
April 2025.


EMPLOYEES’ TRAINING AND REMUNERATION POLICY

The Company has a complete talent development system to support the development of employees and facilitate their
growth. The talent development system is based on the job qualification standards, which serve as a reference for
employees’ development. In 2024, the Company updated the job qualification standards. The new job qualification
standards interpret the original “competency requirements” as the underlying “key business activities”, which
can better guide employees’ actual work operations and help them improve their capabilities in specific business
practice activities. Every year, the Company organizes employees to participate in job qualification certifications to
assess their capabilities, enabling employees to clearly understand their development status and continuously make
improvements. Employees who pass the certification can be promoted to a higher job qualification level. In addition,
the Company also conducts a routine talent inventory every year to clarify the talent distribution and capabilities
within the organization, identify high-potential talents, and make effective combinations. This provides input for
arranging resources to achieve business success and supports the achievement of business objectives.


The Company provides both management and professional channels for employees, supporting their dual-channel
development. In order to support the development of staff, the Company has a comprehensive talent development
system, implementing leadership development programs for the management echelon and reserves, and relying
on learning maps, professional training and development programs for the professional echelon to enhance their
abilities. For employees who are interested in overseas development, the Company has a comprehensive globalization
pool of reserve talent selection and training programs to support employees to seek greater development overseas.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   75
Report of the Directors


The Company adopts a position-based remuneration policy for its staff. Staff remuneration is determined with
reference to the relative importance of and responsibility assumed by the position of the staff and other performance
indicators.


The Company actively launched various employee training activities, including the “Cornerstone Leadership”
training program for its cadre team, the mentor-mentee approach for school recruits, and targeted training for current
employees based on departmental performance shortcomings and areas of weakness. During the reporting period, the
Company provided 53.4 hours of training per capita, covering employees of different job types and at different levels,
such as management, professional and technical staff, frontline production and sales and marketing staff, thereby
contributing to the continuous enhancement of the quality and capability of the employees. Further discussion on
the Group’s employees’ training and remuneration policies is also contained in the 2024 Environmental, Social and
Governance Report of the Company published on 28 April 2025.


CHARGE ON THE GROUP’S ASSETS

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have major property, plant and equipment (including leasehold land
held for own use), investment properties and trade receivables (31 December 2023: no major) which were pledged as
security for the Group’s borrowings.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
note V.(15-16) to the financial statements.


PENSION SCHEMES

Details of the Group’s pension schemes for the Reporting Period are set out in note XII to the financial statements.


EXPOSURE TO EXCHANGE RATE FLUCTUATION AND ANY RELATED HEDGE

Since part of the purchase and the majority of the overseas sales of the Group during the Reporting Period were
denominated in foreign currency, the Group is exposed to certain risk of exchange rate fluctuation. The Group has
used financial instruments such as import/export documentary bills and forward contracts for exchange rate hedging
purpose.


PUBLIC FLOAT

The Directors confirm that as at 28 March 2025, based on publicly available information and to the best of their
knowledge, 25% or above of the total issued share capital of the Company were held by the public. Therefore, the
public float of the Company satisfies the requirement stipulated under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The twelfth session of the audit committee of the Company has reviewed the applicable accounting principles,
standards and practices adopted by the Group as well as the financial results of the Group for the year ended 31
December 2024.




76   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

The capital expenditure of the group for 2024 was RMB1,394 million. The Group has sufficient funds to meet the
funding requirement for purposes such as capital expenditure plans and daily operations.


TRUST DEPOSITS

As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any trust deposits with any financial institutions in the PRC. All of
the Group’s deposits have been deposited in commercial banks and other financial institutions in the PRC and Hong
Kong.


GEARING RATIO

As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s gearing ratio (calculated according to the formula: total liabilities/total assets)
was 72.20% (2023: 70.59%).


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Board has received a written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
their independence in accordance with the requirements provided under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
The Company considers that all the independent non-executive Directors of the twelfth session of the Board meet the
relevant requirements under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and considers them to be independent.


SERVICE CONTRACTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

None of the Directors and the supervisors of the Company has a service contract with any member of the Group
which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory
compensation).


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No significant contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company has been entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Hong Kong
Listing Rules) had any interest in a business that competed or might compete with the businesses of the Company and
its subsidiaries.


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT AND
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

The Directors of the twelfth session of the Board and the supervisors of the Company do not and did not directly or
indirectly hold any material interests in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance of the Company or
its subsidiaries subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   77
Report of the Directors


THE COMPANY AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save for the transactions contemplated under the agreements mentioned in the section headed “Particulars of Material
Connected Transactions of the Company during the Reporting Period” below, no contract of significance or contract
of significance for the provision of services (as defined under note 15.2 of Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing
Rules) to which the Company and the controlling shareholders nor any of their subsidiaries was a party and in which
a controlling shareholder of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end
of the Reporting Period or at any time during the Reporting Period.


R E V I E W O F C O N T I N U I N G C O N N E C T E D T R A N S A C T I O N S B Y I N D E P E N D E N T N O N-
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The independent non-executive Directors of the twelfth session of the Board have reviewed the continuing connected
transactions of the Group for the Reporting Period, and confirmed that these transactions were conducted in the
ordinary and usual course of business of the Company in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them
and on normal commercial terms or better which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders of
the Company as a whole.


REVIEW OF CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS BY THE AUDITOR

After auditing the continuing connected transactions of the Group, the auditor of the Company confirmed that
nothing has come to its attention that causes it to believe that (i) the relevant continuing connected transactions of
the Group have not been approved by the Board; (ii) the transactions involving the provision of goods or services by
the Group were not, in all material respects, carried out in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company; (iii)
the transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
such transactions; and (iv) the aggregate amount of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions has
exceeded the maximum aggregate annual caps disclosed in the previous announcements made by the Company in
respect of each of the disclosed continuing connected transactions.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code for securities transaction by Directors and Supervisors. After
having made specific enquiries to the Directors and the Supervisors, all Directors and Supervisors confirmed that
they had acted in full compliance with the Model Code during their term of office.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE

As at 31 December 2024, the share capital structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                                                                       Percentage to
                                                                                                     the total issued
Class of shares                                                          Number of shares              share capital


A shares                                                                        926,420,597                   66.84%
H shares                                                                        459,589,808                   33.16%
Total                                                                         1,386,010,405                 100.00%




78      Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS

As at 31 December 2024, there were 35,702 (A shares: 35,668) shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) in
total, of which the top ten Shareholders were as follows:


                                                                          Percentage        Percentage to     Number of shares
                                                                          to the total   the relevant class         held subject
                                           Nature of    Number of       issued shares     of issued shares            to trading
Name of Shareholder                     Shareholder     shares held   of the Company      of the Company            moratorium


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning     Domestic general   516,758,670           37.28%               55.78%                      0
  Company Limited                        legal person


HKSCC Nominees Limited Note1                 Foreign    458,962,527           33.11%               99.86%                      0
                                         legal person


The Hong Kong Securities Clearing            Foreign     39,609,769            2.86%                4.28%                      0
  Company (HKSCC) Note2                  legal person


National Social Security                       Other     13,590,932            0.98%                1.47%                      0
  Fund Portfolio No.101*
  (全國社保基金一零一組合)


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co.,             Other     13,180,050            0.95%                1.42%                      0
  Ltd. – the 2024 A Share Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan*
  (海信家電集團股份有限公司－
  2024年A股員工持股計劃)


Industrial and Commercial Bank                 Other      7,789,701            0.56%                0.84%                      0
  of China- Southern Performance
  Growth Equity Securities
  Investment Fund*
  (中國工商銀行－南方績優
  成長股票型證券投資基金)


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co.,             Other      7,478,140            0.54%                0.81%                      0
  Ltd. – the 2022 A Share Employee
  Stock Ownership Plan*
  (海信家電集 團股份有限公司－
  2022年A股員工持股計劃)


National Social Security Fund                  Other      7,000,000            0.51%                0.76%                      0
  Portfolio No.103*
  (全國社保基金一零三組合)




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   79
Report of the Directors


                                                                                 Percentage        Percentage to     Number of shares
                                                                                 to the total   the relevant class        held subject
                                           Nature of         Number of         issued shares     of issued shares           to trading
Name of Shareholder                      Shareholder         shares held    of the Company       of the Company           moratorium


Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd –          Other           6,501,113              0.47%                0.70%                    0
     China Securities 500 Traded Open-
     End Index Securities Investment
     Fund *（中國農業銀行股份有限公
     司－中證500交易型開放式指數證
     券投資基金)


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.- Nanfang             Other           6,325,052              0.46%                0.68%                    0
     Xingrun Value One-Year
     Holding Period Hybrid Securities
     Investment Fund *（興業銀行股份
     有限公司－南方興潤價值一年持有
     期混合型證券投資基金)



Notes:

1.        HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in H shares. The
          shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of a number of its account participants, among which, Hisense
          Hong Kong, a party acting in concert with the controlling shareholder of the Company. By the end of this reporting period,
          Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited held a total of 124,452,000 H shares of the Company as at representing 8.98% of
          the total number of shares of the Company.


2.        HKSCC is the nominal shareholder of the Company’s non-registered shareholders in A shares through Shenzhen Connect.
          The shares held by HKSCC are held on behalf of a number of its account participant.


Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of whether any shareholders is connected with each other or any
of them is a party acting in concert with any of the other within the meaning of Administrative Measures for the
Takeover of Listed Companies.




80      Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


SHAREHOLDINGS OF THE TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS OF TRADABLE SHARES

                                                                             Number of
Name of Shareholders                                                tradable shares held   Class of shares


Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioning Company Limited                            516,758,670    RMB ordinary
                                                                                            shares


HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                      458,962,527    Overseas listed
                                                                                            foreign shares


HKSCC                                                                        39,609,769    RMB ordinary
                                                                                            shares


National Social Security Fund Portfolio No.101*                              13,590,932    RMB ordinary
    (全國社保基金一零一組合)                                                                           shares


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. – the 2024 A Share                   13,180,050    RMB ordinary
    Employee Stock Ownership Plan*                                                          shares
    (海信家電集團股份有限公司－2024年A股員工持股計劃)


Industrial and Commercial Bank of China- Southern Performance                 7,789,701    RMB ordinary
    Growth Equity Securities Investment Fund*                                               shares
    (中國工商銀行－南方績優成長股票型證券投資基金)


Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. – the 2022 A Share                    7,478,140    RMB ordinary
    Employee Stock Ownership Plan*                                                          shares
    (海信家電集團股份有限公司－2022年A股員工持股計劃)


National Social Security Fund Portfolio No.103*                               7,000,000    RMB ordinary
    (全國社保基金一零三組合)                                                                           shares


Agricultural Bank of China Co., Ltd – China Securities 500 Traded             6,501,113    RMB ordinary
    Open-End Index Securities Investment Fund *（中國農業銀行股                                     shares
    份有限公司－中證500交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.- Nanfang Xingrun Value One-Year                     6,325,052    RMB ordinary
    Holding Period Hybrid Securities Investment Fund *（興業銀行                                 shares
    股份有限公司－南方興潤價值一年持有期混合型證券投資基金)



*   For identification purposes only




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   81
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN THE SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

So far as is known to the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company, as at 31 December 2024,
the following persons (other than the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives of the Company) had interests or
short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to
be kept under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange:


Interests or short position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                               Percentage
                                                                                               of the total      Percentage of
                                                    Type of              Number of             number of         the respective
Name of Shareholder            Capacity             shares               shares held       shares in issue      types of shares


Hisense                        Beneficial owner     A shares         516,758,670(L)                37.28%               55.78%
     Air-conditioning Note


Hisense Group Note             Interest of          A shares        516,758,670(L)                37.28%                55.78%
                               controlled
                               corporation


Hisense Hong Kong Note         Beneficial owner     H shares        124,452,000(L)                  8.98%               27.08%


Hisense Group                  Interest of          H shares        124,452,000(L)                  8.98%               27.08%
                               controlled
                               corporation



The letter “L” denotes a long position, the letter “S” denotes a short position and the letter “P” denotes a lending
pool.

Note:     Hisense Air-conditioning is a company 93.33% directly owned by Hisense Group, whereas Hisense Hong Kong is a
          company directly wholly-owned by Hisense Group. By virtue of the SFO, Hisense Group was deemed to be interested in
          the same parcel of A shares of which Hisense Air-conditioning was interested and in the same parcel of H shares of which
          Hisense Hong Kong was interested.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, in so far as the Directors, supervisors and the chief executives
of the Company are aware, there was no other interest and/or short position held by any person in the shares and
underlying shares of the Company which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant
to section 336 of the SFO.




82      Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

1.    Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning Company Limited, the controlling shareholder of the Company, was
      incorporated on 17 November 1995. Its registered address is at Changsha Road, Hi-tech Industrial Zone,
      Qingdao, the PRC, its legal representative is Mr. Duan Yue Bin and its registered capital is RMB674.79
      million. Its business scope includes the development and manufacture of air-conditioning products and
      injection moulds and the provision of after-sale repairing services for its products (Permit/licence shall be
      obtained for the operation of the businesses above if they fall into the requirements of licensure).


2.    The Company has no actual controller.


3.    Diagram of property rights and control relationships of the Company;

                            Qingdao
                                             SITC             Qingdao Yuanli         Qingdao Hengxin
           Hisense          Xinfeng                                                                           Position
                                           Steamship      Information Consultant    Chuangshi Electronic
          Company         Information                                                                        Incentive
                                           (Shanghai)      Company Limited and          Technology
           Limited        Technology                                                                        Shareholders
                                            Co., Ltd.     Partnership Enterprises    Company Limited
                            Co., Ltd.
               26.79%           24.36%          2.64%                11.86%                    2.36%             31.98%



                                                 Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd.


                               93.33%                                                   100%
                          Qingdao Hisense Air-Conditioning                    Hisense (Hong Kong)
                                 Company Limited                               Company Limited
                                37.28%                                                   8.98%

                                                     Hisense Home Appliances
                                                          Group Co., Ltd.


      Note:   Due to rounding, the sum of the equity ratios in the above chart has a trailing difference.


4     During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the controlling shareholders of the Company.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at 31 December 2024, save as disclosed below, none of the members of the Board, supervisors and the chief
executives of the Company held any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of
the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), as recorded in the
register required to be maintained by the Group pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   83
Report of the Directors


Long position in the shares of the Company


                                                                                      Percentage           Percentage
                                                                                     to the issued         to the total
                                                                                         A shares        issued shares
Name of Director             Nature of interest    Number of A shares          of the Company         of the Company


Mr. Jia Shao Qian            Beneficial owner                    404,360                   0.04%                0.03%

SALES TO MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND MAJOR SUPPLIERS

Sales to major customers of the Company


Total sales to top 5 customers (RMB)                                                                 31,104,351,110.04
Total sales to top 5 customers as a percentage of the total sales for the year (%)                               33.53
Total sales to top 5 customers which are related parties as a percentage of the total sales                      23.64
     for the year (%)

Information on top 5 customers of the Company

                                                                                                      As a percentage
                                                                                                            of the total
                                                                                                     sales for the year
No.           Name of customer                                                   Sales (RMB)                         (%)

1             The first                                                    16,928,751,878.63                     18.25
2             The second                                                    6,688,699,729.08                      7.21
3             The third                                                     2,873,999,524.69                      3.10
4             The fourth                                                    2,484,967,669.10                      2.68
5             The fifth                                                     2,127,932,308.54                      2.29

Explanation on the other situation of major customers


✓Applicable □ Not applicable


Among the top 5 customers, the first, third, fourth and fifth customers are controlled by Hisense Group and have
connected relationship with the Company. Except for this, other customers have no connected relationship with the
Company.


Major suppliers of the Company


Total purchases from top 5 suppliers (RMB)                                                            6,378,618,562.69
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers as a percentage of the total purchases for the year (%)                      8.69
Total purchases from top 5 suppliers which are related parties as a percentage of the total                       1.44
     purchases for the year (%)




84      Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


Information on top 5 suppliers of the Company

                                                                                                                As a
                                                                                                         percentage
                                                                                                         of the total
                                                                                                          purchases
                                                                                Purchases               for the year
No.         Name of suppliers                                                      (RMB)                          (%)

1           The first                                                     2,619,157,932.38                        3.56
2           The second                                                    1,056,280,465.71                        1.44
3           The third                                                     1,025,774,605.25                        1.40
4           The fourth                                                      850,180,325.84                        1.16
5           The fifth                                                       827,225,233.51                        1.13

Explanation on the other situation of major suppliers


✓Applicable     □Not applicable


Among the top 5 suppliers, the second supplier and the Company are controlled by Hisense Group and have
connected relationship with the Company. Except for this, other suppliers have no connected relationship with the
Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES

On 8 January 2024, the Company convened the 1st extraordinary meeting of the eleventh session of the Board, in
which the resolution relating to the plan of the repurchase of A Shares of the Company through centralized bidding
trading (the “2024 A Share Repurchase Plan”) was considered and approved. The 2024 A Shares repurchased under
the 2024 A Share Repurchase Plan are intended to be used for the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan.


From 17 January 2024 to 23 July 2024, the Company repurchased 13,915,968 A Shares of the Company through
centralized bidding trading at a total transaction amount of RMB343,418,332.75 (excluding transaction fees). As
at the date of this announcement, the repurchase of A shares under the 2024 A Share Repurchase Plan has been
completed.


The monthly report on the repurchase of A Shares by the Company in 2024 is as follows:


                                                             Maximum               Minimum              Total funds
                                       Number of        purchase price        purchase price            used (RMB,
                                      repurchases            per share              per share              excluding
Month                                     (shares)        (RMB/share)           (RMB/share)      transaction costs)

January 2024                            11,100,077                25.83                  23.33          273,006,014
February 2024                            2,515,391                 25.5                  24.28            62,313,583
July 2024                                  300,500                   27                  26.88             8,098,736




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   85
Report of the Directors


AUDITOR

On 24 June 2024, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to re-appoint
ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditor of the Company for the year 2024, and the Board was
authorised to fix their remuneration. There have been no changes of auditors of the Company in the preceding three
years.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association of the Company or the relevant PRC
laws.


TAXATION

Pursuant to the relevant tax regulations, the Company is required to withhold and pay corporate income tax at the
rate of 10% when distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise shareholders whose names appear on the register
of members of the Company in respect of its H shares.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s securities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR
CAPITAL ASSETS

As of 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any significant investment or future plans for material investments
or capital assets.


As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have detailed future plans for material investments or capital assets.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2024, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of RMB24,567,425.60,
and recognized projected liabilities of RMB7,629,490.41 had been made.


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not have any significant contingent liabilities.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY

A Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance is in place to protect the Directors and officers of the Group against any
potential liability arising from the Group’s activities which such directors and officers may be held liable.


DONATIONS

The Group’s external charitable donations for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB7.88 million.




86      Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES IN OR DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY

At no time during the year ended 31 December 2024 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement that would enable the Directors or the Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares
in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouse or
children under the age of 18 had any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other
body corporate or had exercised any such right.


On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme and the 2022 A Share
Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 2 January 2023 and the circular
dated 13 February 2023.


On 22 February 2024, the Company adopted the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan. For details, please
refer to the announcement dated 8 January 2024 and the circular dated 5 February 2024.


THE RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP
PLAN

On 28 February 2023, the Company adopted the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme (the “2022 Incentive
Scheme”) on the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class meeting and the 2023 first
H Share class meeting, and adopted the 2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “2022 Stock Ownership
Plan”) on the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting.


On 22 February 2024, the Company adopted the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “2024 Stock
Ownership Plan”) on the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting.


A summary of the 2022 Incentive Scheme


1.    Purpose of the Incentive Scheme


       The purposes of the Incentive Scheme are to further establish and improve the Company’s long-term incentive
       mechanism, attract and retain excellent talents, fully mobilize the enthusiasm of the mid-level management
       and key staff of the Company, effectively align the interests of the Shareholders, the Company and individuals
       of the core team to focus on the long-term development of the Company.


2.    Participants of the Incentive Scheme


       There are 596 participants (subsequently adjusted to 511 Participants) to be granted under the Incentive
       Scheme, who are mid-level management and key staff of the Company. All of the participants must be
       employed by the Company and enter into labour contracts or employment agreement with his/her employment
       unit at the time of the grant of Restricted Shares by the Company and during the appraisal period specified in
       the Incentive Scheme.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   87
Report of the Directors


       The participants granted under the Incentive Scheme include certain expatriate employees. The expatriate
       employees, who are the Participants, are in the core key positions of the Company and play an important
       role in the future operation and development of the Company. The implementation of the Incentive Scheme
       can better stabilize and attract foreign top talents to join the Company. All participants are the mid-level
       management and key staff of the Company, who are the pillar of achieving the strategic targets of the
       Company. The attraction, retention and the active mobility of such pillar are of utmost importance to the
       development of the Company. The Incentive Scheme will further facilitate the construction and stability of the
       core talent team of the Company, thus contributing to the long-term development of the Company.


       The participants under the Incentive Scheme do not include the independent Directors, supervisors of the
       Company, Shareholders individually or in aggregate holding more than 5% of the Shares or the de facto
       controllers and their spouses, parents or children.


3.    Total number of shares available for issue under the Incentive Scheme and percentage of issued shares
      that it represents as at the date of the annual report


       The Restricted Shares proposed to be granted to the Participants under the Incentive Scheme shall be
       25,422,000 Shares, the underlying Shares of which are RMB ordinary A Shares. As at the date of this annual
       report, there is no Restricted Shares available for future grant under the Incentive Scheme.


4.    Maximum entitlements of each participant under the Incentive Scheme


       The total number of Shares granted under all incentive schemes of the Company to any Participant shall not
       exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company.


5.    Basis of determination of the grant price


       The Grant Price of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme shall not be lower than the nominal value
       of the shares and not be lower than 50% of the higher of the followings:


       a)       the average trading price of the Shares for the last trading day preceding the Announcement Date (total
                trading amount for the last trading day/total trading volume for the last trading day) of RMB13.28 per
                Share;


       b)       the average trading price of the Shares for the last 60 trading days preceding the Announcement Date
                (total trading amount of the Shares for the last 60 trading days/total trading volume of the Shares for
                the last 60 trading days) of RMB12.07 per Share.


6.    Remaining validity period of the Incentive Scheme


       The Validity Period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the completion date of registration of the
       grant of the Restricted Shares and end on the date on which all Restricted Shares granted to Participants are
       unlocked or repurchased, and shall not exceed 48 months. The grant of all the Restricted Shares under the
       Incentive Scheme was made on 28 February 2023, the registration of which was completed on 23 May 2023.
       The validity term is from 23 May 2023 to 23 May 2026.




88   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


    The following table sets out the details of grant of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme during
    the Reporting Period:

                                                                                                                   Unvested       Granted       Vested     Cancelled           Lapsed     Unvested
                                                                                                                       as at    during the   during the    during the       during the       as at
                                                                                                         Grant    1 January     Reporting    Reporting     Reporting        Reporting 31 December
    Grantee                               Unlocking period (1)                                            price       2024(2)      Period      Period(3)     Period(4)         Period        2024

    Participants who are mid-level        The lock-up period of the Restricted Shares granted         RMB6.64     25,210,000            –     8,999,035     2,318,565              –     13,892,400
      management and key staff of the       under the Incentive Scheme shall be 12 months, 24       per A Share
      Company (including its controlled     months and 36 months from the completion date of
      subsidiaries)                         registration of the grant of the Restricted Shares of
                                            the Participants, respectively.


    Notes:

    (1)          The unlocking period, unlocking schedule and ratio of the Restricted Shares under the Incentive Scheme are set out
                 in the table below:


                 Unlocking arrangement                           Unlocking period                                                                                            Unlocking ratio

                 First unlocking period                          Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                40%
                                                                 12-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                 grant and ending on the last trading day of the 24-month period
                                                                 from the completion date of registration of the grant

                 Second unlocking period                         Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                30%
                                                                 24-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                 grant and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                                                                 from the completion date of registration of the grant

                 Third unlocking period                          Commencing from the first trading day after the expiry of the                                                                30%
                                                                 36-month period from the completion date of registration of the
                                                                 grant and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                                                                 from the completion date of registration of the grant

    (2)          In view of the adjustment of the duties of the five Participants, a meeting of the Board held on 8 June 2023
                 considered and approved the repurchase and cancellation of 212,000 shares of restricted stock by the Company.


    (3)          On 3 June 2024, a meeting of the Board was convened to consider and approve the “proposal regarding the
                 achievement of the conditions for the release of restricted shares during the first unlocking period of the 2022
                 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme”. The Board considered that the conditions for the release of restricted
                 shares during the first unlocking period of the Company’s the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme had
                 been fulfilled, and that there were 485 Participants who met the conditions for the release of restricted shares,
                 corresponding to 8,999,035 shares that could be released from restriction, and agreed that the Company should
                 handle the corresponding release of restricted shares related matters for those Participants who met the conditions
                 for the release of restricted shares in accordance with the regulations.




                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024           89
Report of the Directors


       (4)      On 8 January 2024, the Company convened a meeting of the Board to consider and approve the ‘’proposal on the
                repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted shares of A shares’’, in which it was agreed to repurchase and
                cancel 768,000 shares of restricted shares granted but not yet released from restriction of sale to 21 Participants.


                On 3 June 2024, the Company convened a meeting of the Board to consider and approve the “proposal on the
                repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted shares of A shares”. In view of the departure of 2 Participants, the
                adjustment of duties of 16 Participants and the partial achievement/non-achievement of performance appraisal of
                89 Participants under the Company’s 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme, it was agreed to repurchase and
                cancel 1,156,965 restricted shares which had been granted to the aforesaid 107 Participants but had not yet been
                released from restriction on sale.


                On 13 December 2024, the Company convened a meeting of the Board to consider and approve the “proposal on
                the repurchase and cancellation of certain restricted shares of A shares”, in which it was agreed to repurchase and
                cancel 393,600 shares of restricted shares granted but not yet released from restriction of sale to 17 Participants.
                After this deliberation, 13,892,400 shares of the Company’s 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme were not
                released from restricted sale.


A summary of the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan and the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan


1.    Purposes of the Stock Ownership Plan


       The purposes of the Stock Ownership Plan are to establish and improve the mechanism for sharing benefits
       between employees and shareholders, attract, motivate and retain core talents, improve corporate governance
       standards, increase the cohesion of employees and competitiveness of the Company, raise the enthusiasm and
       creativity of employees, and promote the long-term, sustainable and healthy development of the Company.


2.    Participants of the Stock Ownership Plan


       The Participants of the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors),
       supervisors, senior management and other core employees of the Company, who have an important role and
       influence on the overall performance and medium- to long-term development of the Company. The total
       number of Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors, senior management and other core
       employees of the Company participating in the Stock Ownership Plan shall not exceed 59 for the first grant,
       including 7 Directors, supervisor and senior management. The relationship between such personnel and the
       Stock Ownership Plan does not constitute acting-in-concert relationship.


       The Participants of the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan are Directors (excluding independent Directors),
       supervisors, senior management, core management and core employees of the Company, who an important
       role and influence on the overall performance and medium- to long-term development of the Company.
       The total number of Directors (excluding independent Directors), supervisors, senior management, core
       management and core employees of the Company participating in the Share Ownership Plan shall not exceed
       279, including 8 Directors, supervisors and senior management. The relationship between such personnel and
       the Stock Ownership Plan does not constitute acting-in-concert relationship.




90   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


3.   Total number of shares under the Stock Ownership Plan and percentage of issued shares that it
     represents as at the date of the annual report


     The underlying Shares under the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 11,700,000 Shares. The sources
     of the Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan are the ordinary A Shares repurchased with the Company’s
     designated repurchase account.


     The underlying Shares under the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan will not exceed 13,916,000 Shares. The sources
     of the Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan are the ordinary A Shares repurchased with the Company’s
     designated repurchase account. As at the date of this annual report, there are 745,907 A Shares available
     for future grant under the Stock Ownership Plan, representing approximately 0.08% of the Company’s total
     ordinary A Shares of 926,420,597 and 0.05% of the Company’s total share capital of 1,386,010,405 Shares.


4.   Maximum entitlements of each participant under the Stock Ownership Plan


     The number of the underlying Shares corresponding to the units of Stock Ownership Plan held by any Holder
     shall not exceed 1% of the total share capital of the Company (excluding the Shares acquired by the Holder
     before the Company’s initial public offering for listing, the Shares purchased by the Holder through the
     secondary market and the Shares acquired through equity incentives).


5.   Purchase price and pricing basis of the Stock Ownership Plan


     The purchase price of the Shares held in the Company’s designated securities repurchase account under the
     2022 Stock Ownership Plan shall be RMB6.64 per Share, being 50% of the average price of the Shares traded
     on the last trading day preceding the Announcement Date.


     The purchase price of the Shares held in the Company’s designated securities repurchase account under the
     2024 Stock Ownership Plan shall be RMB10.78 per Share, being 50% of the average price of the Shares traded
     on the last trading day preceding the Announcement Date.


6.   Remaining validity period of the Stock Ownership Plan


     The term of the Stock Ownership Plan shall be 48 months, commencing from the date on which the Company
     announces the transfer of the last tranche of underlying Shares for the first grant to the Stock Ownership
     Plan. If not extended, the Stock Ownership Plan will be terminated automatically upon the expiry of its term.
     Upon expiry of the lock-up period of the Stock Ownership Plan and if all the underlying Shares held under the
     Stock Ownership Plan are sold or transferred to the unit holders and liquidated and distributed in accordance
     with the regulations, the Stock Ownership Plan may be terminated prior to the expiry upon consideration and
     approval by the holders’ meeting. The validity term of the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan is from 1 June 2023 to
     1 June 2026, and the validity term of the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan is from 10 July 2024 to 10 July 2027.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   91
Report of the Directors


            The following table sets out the details of grant of Shares under the Stock Ownership Plan during the
            Reporting Period:


            the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan

                                                                                              Unvested    Granted     Vested Cancelled      Lapsed Unvested
                                                                                                  as at during the during the during the during the   as at
                        Date of                                                              1 January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting 31 December
Grantee                 grant (1)   Unlocking period                                              2024     Period    Period(2)   Period     Period    2024

Gao Yu Ling                                                                                    550,000           –     220,000     –          –    330,000
  (Chairperson)
Jia Shao Qian                                                                                  550,000           –     220,000     –          –    330,000
  (Executive Director)
                                    The underlying Shares acquired by the Stock
Hu Jian Yong                                                                                   660,000           –     264,000     –          –    396,000
                                     Ownership Plan through non-trading transfer or other
  (Executive Director
                                     ways permitted by the laws and regulations shall be
  and President)
                       1 June        unlocked in three phases commencing from 12 months
Dai Hui Zhong                                                                                  900,000           –     360,000     –          –    540,000
                         2023        after the date of the announcement of the Company of
  (Executive Director)
                                     the transfer of the last tranche of underlying Shares
Bao Yi (Supervisor)                                                                            250,000           –     100,000     –          –    150,000
                                     for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan. The
Zhang Yu Xin                                                                                   180,000           –      72,000     –          –    108,000
                                     lock-up period shall be up to 36 months.
  (Secretary of the
  Board)
Sub-total                                                                                     3,090,000          –    1,236,000    –          –   1,854,000
Other core employees                                                                          7,720,000          –    2,095,860    –          –   5,624,140

Total                                                                                        10,810,000          –    3,331,860    –          –   7,478,140

            the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan

                                                                                              Unvested    Granted     Vested Cancelled      Lapsed Unvested
                                                                                                  as at during the during the during the during the   as at
                        Date of                                                              1 January Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting 31 December
Grantee                 grant (3)   Unlocking period                                              2024     Period     Period     Period     Period    2024

Gao Yu Ling                                                                                          –     200,000           –     –          –    200,000
 (Chairperson)
Jia Shao Qian                                                                                        –     200,000           –     –          –    200,000
 (Executive Director)
Hu Jian Yong                                                                                         –     330,000           –     –          –    330,000
                                    The underlying Shares acquired by the Stock
 (Executive Director
                                     Ownership Plan through non-trading transfer or other
 and President)                      ways permitted by the laws and regulations shall be
Dai Hui Zhong           10 July      unlocked in three phases commencing from 12 months              –     330,000           –     –          –    330,000
                         2024        after the date of the announcement of the Company of
 (Executive Director)                the transfer of the last tranche of underlying Shares
Bao Yi (Supervisor)                  for the first grant to the Stock Ownership Plan. The            –     110,000           –     –          –    110,000
                                     lock-up period shall be up to 36 months.
Zhang Yu Xin                                                                                         –      60,000           –     –          –     60,000
 (Secretary of the
 Board)
Sub-total                                                                                            –    1,230,000          –     –          –   1,230,000
Other core employees                                                                                 – 11,950,050            –     –          – 11,950,050


Total                                                                                                – 13,180,050            –     –          – 13,180,050




92        Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


      Notes:

      (1)      P l e a s e r e f e r t o t h e a n n o u n c e m e n t o f t h e C o m p a n y d a t e d 2 J u n e 2023 i n r e l a t i o n t o t h e c o m p l e t i o n o f n o n-
               transactional transfers under the 2022 Stock Ownership Plan.


      (2)      Details of the unlocking period are as follows:


               •          Time of unlocking for the first batch shall be: the expiry of 12 months from the date of the announcement
                          of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                          Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 40% of the total number of the
                          underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


               •          Time of unlocking for the second batch shall be: the expiry of 24 months from the date of the announcement
                          of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                          Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the
                          underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


               •          Time of unlocking for the third batch shall be: the expiry of 36 months from the date of the announcement
                          of the Company of the transfer of the last tranche of the underlying Shares for the first grant to the
                          Stock Ownership Plan, and the number of Shares to be unlocked shall be 30% of the total number of the
                          underlying Shares held by the Stock Ownership Plan.


      (3)      Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 12 July 2024 in relation to the completion of non-
               transactional transfers under the 2024 Stock Ownership Plan.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

To the best knowledge of the Directors, there was no equity-linked agreement entered into by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries during the period ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024          93
Report of the Directors


PARTICULARS OF MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS OF THE COMPANY DURING
THE REPORTING PERIOD

Connected transactions during the Reporting Period


(I)     On 28 November 2023, the Company entered into (i) a business co-operation framework agreement, and(ii)
        a financial services agreement with Hisense Group and Hisense Finance respectively. On 25 January 2024,
        the Company entered into a business co-operation agreement with Johnson Hitachi, Sanden Company, a non-
        wholly owned subsidiary of the Company entered into the Business Co-operation Agreement with HASCO
        Sanden.


        Hisense Air-conditioning is a connected person of the Company by virtue of it being a substantial shareholder
        of the Company, holding approximately 37.28% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Hong Kong
        holds approximately 8.98% of the issued shares of the Company. Hisense Group and its subsidiaries (including
        but not limited to Hisense Finance) are connected persons of the Company pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing
        Rules.


        Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Johnson Hitachi, being the holding company of two substantial
        shareholders of Hisense Hitachi (namely Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning Trading (Hong Kong)
        Limited and Johnson Controls – Hitachi Air Conditioning Taiwan Co., Ltd), becomes a connected person of
        the Company at subsidiary level.


        Pursuant to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary of Sanden
        Company; and HASCO Sanden is a substantial shareholder of Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd.,
        HASCO Sanden is connected person of the Company at the subsidiary level.


        Details of the business co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group, and the financial services
        agreement with Hisense Finance can be found in the announcement and the circular published on the website
        of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 November 2023 and 3 January 2024. Details of the business co-
        operation agreement, with Johnson Hitach and with HASCO Sanden, can be found in the announcement
        published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 25 January 2024.


        The above transactions constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
        Listing Rules. The Company confirmed that it had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance
        with Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules for the relevant connected transactions.




94    Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


    The particulars of the business co-operation framework agreement and the financial services agreement are as
    follows:


    1.    Business co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group


           On one hand, the supply of home electrical appliances, raw materials and parts and components,
           equipment and moulds by the Group to Hisense Group can help lower the production costs of the Group
           as a result of the increase in production level, which, in turn, enhances the market competitiveness
           of the Group’s products. At the same time, the Group can continue to develop overseas market and
           enhance brand competitiveness and awareness. The Group can also increase market share by selling
           products through the online platform of Hisense Group which reduces the product circulation links.
           Provision of services to Hisense Group will increase the income of the Group. On the other hand,
           taking into account the product quality, prices and services provided by Hisense Group, purchases of
           home electrical appliances, equipment, raw materials and parts and components from Hisense Group
           and engagement of their services can meet the manufacture needs of the Company and the development
           of related business, and can also help reduce costs. As such, the Company entered into the business
           co-operation framework agreement with Hisense Group on 28 November 2023, the principal terms of
           which are as follows:


           (1)    The business co-operation framework agreement shall commence from 25 January 2024, being
                  the date on which the agreement was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the first
                  2024 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2026, which can be
                  terminated before its expiration by mutual agreement of the parties.


           (2)    Pricing for the mutual purchase of home electrical appliances between the Group on the one
                  hand and Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between
                  the parties according to the principles of fairness and reasonableness mainly with reference to
                  the market price of similar home electrical appliances. Pricing for the mutual purchase of raw
                  materials and parts and components between the Group on the one hand and Hisense Group
                  on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to
                  the principles of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar raw
                  materials, parts and components. Pricing for the sales of equipment by the Group to Hisense
                  Group is determined by commercial negotiation between the parties according to the principles
                  of fairness and reasonableness with reference to the market price of similar equipment. Pricing
                  for the sales of moulds by the Group to Hisense Group is determined by the open bidding
                  process. Pricing for the mutual provision of services between the Group on the one hand and
                  Hisense Group on the other hand is determined by commercial negotiations according to the
                  principles of fairness and reasonableness between the parties with reference to the market price
                  for the provision of similar services in the industry.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   95
Report of the Directors


                (3)       The annual caps under the business co-operation framework agreement are shown in the table
                          below:


                                                                                Unit: RMB’0000 (exclusive of value-added tax)


                                                                           Connected         2024          2025         2026
                                       Types of connected                     person    Annual cap   Annual cap    Annual cap


                          Supply of products     the Group will         Hisense Group    3,085,222     4,033,405    4,7652,24
                                                    supply moulds
                                                    and electrical
                                                    appliances, raw
                                                    materials, parts
                                                    and components
                                                    and provide
                                                    services to
                                                    Hisense Group
                                                    as it may require
                                                    from time to time


                          Purchases of           the Group will         Hisense Group      552,632      692,175       849,596
                            products                purchase from
                                                    Hisense Group,
                                                    electrical
                                                    appliances, raw
                                                    materials, parts
                                                    and components,
                                                    and engage
                                                    Hisense Group
                                                    for the provision
                                                    of services as
                                                    the Group may
                                                    require from time
                                                    to time




96   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


    2.   Financial services agreement with Hisense Finance


         The Group is expected to benefit from the rates on loans and deposits offered by Hisense Finance
         to the Group, which will be equal to or more favourable than those offered by the PRC commercial
         banks, and, at the same time, Hisense Finance’s better understanding of the operations of the Group
         should allow the provision of more expedient and efficient services than those offered by the PRC
         commercial banks. On the other hand, Hisense Finance is regulated by National Financial Regulatory
         Administration and complies with the regulations and operation requirements issued by the relevant
         regulatory authorities in its provision of financial services. The primary customers of Hisense Finance
         are the companies within Hisense Group. In general, as the risks exposed to Hisense Finance are less
         than those exposed to the financial institutions with a broad and unrestricted customer base, Hisense
         Finance is able to safeguard the customers’ funds more effectively. As such, the Company entered into
         the financial services agreement with Hisense Finance on 28 November 2023, the principal terms of
         which are as follows:


         (1)    The term of the financial services agreement shall commence from 25 January 2024, being the
                date on which the agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at
                the first 2024 extraordinary general meeting of the Company, until 31 December 2026, which
                can be terminated by either party if the other party is in default and such default is not remedied
                within a reasonable period.


         (2)    The services to be provided by Hisense Finance to the Group include deposit services, loan and
                electronic finance company acceptance bill services (貸款及電子財務公司承兌匯票服務), draft
                discount services (票據貼現服務), settlement and sale of foreign exchange services (結售匯服務)
                and agency services such as settlement services for receipt and payment of funds (資金收支結算
                等代理類服務).




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   97
Report of the Directors


                (3)       The annual caps under the financial services agreement are shown in the table below:


                                                                          Connected             2024            2025            2026
                                       Types of connected                     person     Annual cap      Annual cap      Annual cap


                          Deposit services       Maximum daily        Hisense Finance 27,000,000,000 27,000,000,000 27,000,000,000
                                                    closing balance
                                                    (inclusive
                                                    of interest)
                                                    (RMB)


                          Loan and electronic    Maximum daily        Hisense Finance   5,000,000,000   5,000,000,000   5,000,000,000
                            finance company         closing balance
                            acceptance bill         (inclusive of
                            services                interest and
                                                    service fees)
                                                    (RMB)


                          Draft discount         Annual discount      Hisense Finance     50,000,000      50,000,000      50,000,000
                            services                interest (RMB)


                          Settlement and         Annual amount        Hisense Finance    300,000,000     300,000,000     300,000,000
                            sale of foreign         (US$)
                            exchange
                            services


                          Agency services        Annual amount        Hisense Finance      3,000,000       3,000,000       3,000,000
                            such as                 (RMB)
                            settlement
                            services for
                            receipt and
                            payment of funds




98   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


(II)   Connected transactions conducted in the ordinary course of operation during the Reporting Period, details of
       which are as follows:


                                                                                         Connected        Percentage of
                         Type of         Particulars                                    transaction        total amount
                         connected       of connected     Pricing principle of        amount (RMB             of similar
       Connected party   transaction     transaction      connected transaction       ten thousand)    transactions (%)


       Hisense Group     Purchase        Finished goods   Agreed price by reference       38,414.44                    0.52
                                                          to market price
       Hisense Group     Purchase        Materials        Agreed price by reference      210,272.15                    2.86
                                                          to market price
       Hisense Group     Receipt of      Receipt of       Agreed price by reference      176,477.41                    2.40
                         services        services         to market price
       Johnson Hitachi   Purchase        products         Agreed price by reference       93,239.49                    1.27
                                                          to market price
       HASCO Sanden      Purchase        products         Agreed price by reference        8,945.89                    0.12
                                                          to market price
       Hisense Group     Sale            Finished goods   Agreed price by reference    2,924,148.60                31.53
                                                          to market price
       Hisense Group     Sale            Materials        Agreed price by reference       76,986.54                    0.84
                                                          to market price
       Hisense Group     Sale            Moulds           Market price                     7,149.12                    0.08
       Hisense Group     Provision of    Provision of     Agreed price by reference        7,207.53                    0.08
                         services        services         to market price
       Johnson Hitachi   Sale            products         Agreed price by reference       37,769.10                    0.41
                                                          to market price
       HASCO Sanden      Sale            products         Agreed price by reference       95,349.05                    1.03
                                                          to market price

       As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had the balance of deposit of RMB12.100 billion, recognised
       interest income of RMB0.353 billion, the actual balance of loan of RMB 0.475 billion, recognised loan interest
       of RMB1.1724 million, the balance of electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB1.169 billion, the handling fee
       for opening accounts for electronic bank acceptance bill of RMB1.6284 million. For the Reporting Period, the
       actual amount of discounted interest for the provision of draft discount services was RMB0.0684million, the
       actual amount involved in the provision of settlement and sale of foreign exchange services was USD16.1052
       million and the actual service fee paid for the provision of agency services such as settlement services for
       receipt and payment of funds was RMB0.7879 million.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      99
Report of the Directors


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS IN RELATION TO JOINT EXTERNAL INVESTMENT

                                                                                                        Total assets        Net assets        Net profit
                                                                                        Registered    of the investee   of the investee   of the investee
                                       Name of the       Principal activities            capital of           (RMB              (RMB              (RMB
Co-investor          Relationships     investee          of the investee               the investee    ten thousand)     ten thousand)     ten thousand)


Hisense Visual       Connected Legal   Qingdao Hisense   technical research and              RMB         124,823.63        120,538.49           1,334.01
                     Entity            Intelligent       development, technical     1,163,921,324元
                                       Electronic        consulting, technical
                                       Technology Co.,   services in the field of
                                       Ltd               electronic technology,
                                                         software development,
                                                         network technology
                                                         development and
                                                         consulting


Progress of significant ongoing        N/A
projects of the investee (if any)

Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 29 March 29 2024 published on the website of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange for details of the above transactions.


CONNECTED CREDITOR’S RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES

During the reporting period, the Company’s related credit and debt transactions were mainly transactions arising
from the sale of goods, purchase of goods, provision of services and acceptance of services, and the Company did not
have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and liabilities.


OTHER MAJOR CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

□Applicable             ✓ Not applicable


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Details of significant related party transactions undertaken by the Group during the Reporting Period in the ordinary
course of business are set out in note XII.3 to the financial statements. Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed
“Particulars of Material Connected Transactions of the Company During the Reporting Period” and “Other Connected
Transactions” in this annual report, related party transactions as disclosed in note XII.3 to the financial statements
are not deemed as connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, but are exempt from
the reporting, announcement and shareholders’ approval requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




100     Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

To the best knowledge and information of the Company, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied
with the code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
Rules.


PUBLICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON THE WEBSITES OF THE HONG KONG STOCK
EXCHANGE AND THE COMPANY

This annual report, containing all information as required by Appendix D2 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, has
been published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkex.com.hk) and the website of the
Company (hxjd.hisense.cn).


N O T E: S U P P L E M E N T A R Y I N F O R M A T I O N A S R E Q U I R E D B Y T H E H O N G K O N G
S T O C K E X C H A N G E I N R E L A T I O N T O T H E C O M P A N Y’S A S H A R E A N N U A L R E S U L T S
ANNOUNCEMENT

I.       P A R T I C U L A R S O F T H E R E M U N E R A T I O N O F D I R E C T O R S, S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
         MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                    Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                          Whether
                                                                                                                     remuneration
                                                                                               Total amount of        was received
                                                                                           remuneration before      from connected
                                                                                              tax received from            party of
         Name             Position                        Gender   Age        Status              the Company        the Company


         Gao Yu Ling      Chairperson                     Female   43         Current                235.66Note 1               No


         Jia Shao Qian    Executive Director              Male     52         Current                       0.00                Yes


         Yu Zhi Tao       Executive Director              Male     48         Current                       0.00                Yes


         Hu Jian Yong     Executive Director, President   Male     51         Current                406.13Note 2               No


         Zhu Dan          Executive Director              Male     50         Current                       0.00                Yes


         Dai Hui Zhong    Executive Director              Male     59         Current                477.45Note 3               No


         Li Zhi Gang      Independent non-executive       Male     49         Current                     14.00                 No
                            Director


         Tsoi Wing Sing   Independent non-executive       Male     62         Current                       9.38                No
                            Director




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   101
Report of the Directors


                                                                                                               Whether
                                                                                                          remuneration
                                                                                     Total amount of       was received
                                                                                 remuneration before     from connected
                                                                                   tax received from           party of
        Name               Position                    Gender   Age   Status           the Company        the Company


        Xu Guo Jun         Independent non-executive   Male     62    Current                    7.43               No
                               Director


        Liu Zhen Shun      Chairman of Supervisory     Male     55    Current                    0.00              Yes
                               Committee


        Sun Jia Hui        Supervisor                  Female   36    Current                    0.00              Yes


        Bao Yi             Supervisor                  Male     44    Current             150.31Note 4              No


        Sun Chang Chun     Chief Financial Officer     Male     41    Current                 118.84                No


        Zhang Yu Xin       Secretary of the Board      Female   38    Current                  84.85                No


        Wong Tak Fong      Company Secretary           Female   58    Current                  18.46                No


        Xia Zhang Zhua     Former Executive Director   Male     46    Resigned            209.37Note 5              No


        Zhong Geng Shen Former Independent non-        Male     64    Resigned                   6.77               No
                               executive Director


        Cheung Sai Kit     Former Independent non-     Male     53    Resigned                 14.09                No
                               executive Director


        Yin Zhi Xin        Former Supervisor           Male     36    Resigned            216.05Note 6              No


        Total              –                           –        –     –                     1,968.80                  –




102   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


       Notes:

       1.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Ms. Gao
                Yu Ling as the Chairperson and the chief financial officer of the Company during the Reporting Period;


       2.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Hu
                Jian Yong as the President of the Company during the Reporting Period;


       3.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Dai
                Hui Zhong as the Chairman of the Company during the Reporting Period;


       4.       The Supervisors do not receive remuneration as supervisors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Bao Yi as
                the chairman of the trade union of the Company during the Reporting Period;


       5.       The executive Directors do not receive remuneration as directors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Xia
                Zhang Zhua as the general manager of the Company’s home appliance research and development center during the
                Reporting Period; and


       6.       The Supervisors do not receive remuneration as supervisors. The above remuneration was received by Mr. Yin Zhi
                Xin as the vice president of the Company’s subsidiary during the Reporting Period.


II.    T H E D E C I S I O N-M A K I N G P R O C E D U R E S A N D B A S I S O F D E T E R M I N A T I O N O F T H E
       REMUNERATION OF THE DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


       The remuneration of the Directors is determined based on the recommendation made to the Board by the
       remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board on the basis of the duties of the Directors and the
       remuneration level of other listed companies in the same industry, and is subject to consideration and approval
       by the Board and the shareholders at general meetings.


       The remuneration of the supervisors is determined based on the recommendation made by the supervisory
       committee on the basis of the duties of the supervisors and the remuneration level of other listed companies
       in the same industry and is subject to consideration and approval by the Board and the shareholders at general
       meetings.


       The remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board makes remuneration recommendation to the Board
       based on the senior management’s experience, responsibilities, risk and pressure undertaken for operation
       under his/her management and his/her contribution to the Company. The said remuneration recommendation
       is determined and approved by the Board. The final remuneration received by the senior management is also
       linked with his/her annual performance review.


       The Company determines and pays the remuneration of the Directors, supervisors and senior management in
       accordance with the above requirements and procedures.


III.   MATERIAL LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION OF THE COMPANY


       There was no progress in the material litigation and arbitration of the Company during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   103
Report of the Directors


IV.     GUARANTEE ITEMS


                                                             External guarantees by the Company and its subsidiaries (excluding guarantees to subsidiaries)
                                      Date of
                                      disclosure
                                      of the                           Actual date
                                      announcement                     of occurrence                                                            Counter-                                       Whether to
                                      related to the                   (date of      Actual                                                     guarantee                          Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee              guarantee guarantee                   Type of               Collateral   situation     Guarantee            performance for related
        guarantee object              amount         quota             agreement) amount                     guarantee             (if any)     (if any)      period               completed parties

        N/A
        Total amount of external guarantees approved                                0 Total actual amount of external guarantees                                                                        0
          during the Reporting Period (A1)                                              incurred during the Reporting Period
                                                                                        (A2)
        Total amount of approved external guarantees at                             0 Total actual external guarantee balance at                                                                        0
          the end of the Reporting Period (A3)                                          the end of the Reporting Period (A4)

                                                                                          Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                      Date of
                                      disclosure                       Actual
                                      of the                           date of
                                      announcement                     occurrence                                                               Counter-                                       Whether to
                                      related to the                   (date of        Actual                                                   guarantee                          Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee              guarantee       guarantee             Type of               Collateral   situation     Guarantee            performance for related
        guarantee object              amount         quota             agreement)      amount                guarantee             (if any)     (if any)      period               completed parties

        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             22 December RMB0.385 billion       Joint and several                                   22 December 2022-    No           No
                                                                         2022                                liability                                          3 January 2025
                                                                                                             guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             7 February 5 billion yen           Joint and several                                   7 February 2023-     Yes          No
                                                                          2023          (equivalent to RMB liability                                             31 January 2024
                                                                                        0.231 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             10 February 4 billion yen          Joint and several                                   10 February 2023-    Yes          No
                                                                          2023          (equivalent to RMB liability                                            31 January 2024
                                                                                        0.185 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             22 February 1.03 billion yen       Joint and several                                   22 February 2023-    Yes          No
                                                                          2023          (equivalent to RMB liability                                            31 January 2024
                                                                                        0.048 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             24 March 2023 3.09 billion yen     Joint and several                                   24 March 2023-       Yes          No
                                      28 November
                                                  RMB7.9 billion                        (equivalent to RMB liability                                            31 January 2024
                                        2023
                                                                                        0.143 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             4 April 2023 11.845 billion yen Joint and several                                      4 April 2023-        Yes          No
                                                                                        (equivalent to RMB liability                                            31 January 2024
                                                                                        0.548 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             19 April 2023 0.515 billion yen Joint and several                                      19 April 2023-       Yes          No
                                                                                        (equivalent to RMB liability                                            31 January 2024
                                                                                        0.024 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             31 January 25.472 billion yen Joint and several                                        31 January 2024-     Yes          No
                                                                          2024          (equivalent to RMB liability                                            30 August 2024
                                                                                        1.178 billion)       guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                             4 April 2023 RMB 0.145 billion Joint and several                                       4 April 2023-        Yes          No
                                                                                                             liability                                          5 April 2024
                                                                                                             guarantee

104   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors



                                                                     Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                          Date of
                          disclosure                Actual
                          of the                    date of
                          announcement              occurrence                                                          Counter-                                       Whether to
                          related to the            (date of       Actual                                               guarantee                          Whether the guarantee
    Name of the           guarantee Guarantee       guarantee      guarantee           Type of             Collateral   situation   Guarantee              performance for related
    guarantee object      amount         quota      agreement)     amount              guarantee           (if any)     (if any)    period                 completed parties

    SANDEN CORPORATION                              18 April 2023 RMB0.093 billion     Joint and several                            18 April 2023-         Yes          No
                                                                                          liability                                   30 April 2024
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              21 April 2023 RMB 0.185 billion Joint and several                               21 April 2023-         No           No
                                                                                          liability                                   8 May 2025
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              21 July 2023 RMB 0.114 billion Joint and several                                21 July 2023-          Yes          No
                                                                                          liability                                   5 August 2024
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              22 September RMB0.165 billion Joint and several                                 22 September 2023- Yes              No
                                                       2023                               liability                                   30 September 2024
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              21 June 2024 RMB 0.031 billion Joint and several                                21 June 2024-          No           No
                                                                                          liability                                   24 June 2025
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              21 November 2.2 billion yen        Joint and several                            21 November 2023- Yes               No
                                                       2023          (equivalent to RMB liability                                     20 November 2024
                                                                     0.102 billion)       guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION 28 November                  19 December 2.5 billion yen        Joint and several                            19 December 2023-      Yes          No
                                   RMB7.9 billion
                         2023                          2023          (equivalent to RMB liability                                     11 January 2024
                                                                     0.116 billion)       guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              22 March 2024 1.0 billion yen      Joint and several                            22 March 2024-         No           No
                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability                                     24 March 2025
                                                                     0.046 billion)       guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              28 March 2024 2.8 billion yen      Joint and several                            28 March 2024-         No           No
                                                                     (equivalent to RMB liability                                     28 March 2025
                                                                     0.129 billion)       guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              30 June 2024 N/A                   General guarantee                            N/A                    No           No
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              1 July 2024 N/A                    General guarantee                            N/A                    No           No
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              26 August 2024 N/A                 General guarantee                            N/A                    No           No
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              26 November N/A                    General guarantee                            N/A                    No           No
                                                       2024
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              23 July 2024 RMB 0.070 billion Joint and several                                23 July 2024-          No           No
                                                                                          liability                                   24 July 2025
                                                                                          guarantee
    SANDEN CORPORATION                              23 July 2024 RMB 0.1 billion       Joint and several                            23 July 2024-          No           No
                                                                                          liability                                   24 July 2025
                                                                                          guarantee




                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024       105
Report of the Directors



                                                                                      Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                       Date of
                                       disclosure                   Actual
                                       of the                       date of
                                       announcement                 occurrence                                                           Counter-                                      Whether to
                                       related to the               (date of        Actual                                               guarantee                         Whether the guarantee
        Name of the                    guarantee Guarantee          guarantee       guarantee           Type of             Collateral   situation   Guarantee             performance for related
        guarantee object               amount         quota         agreement)      amount              guarantee           (if any)     (if any)    period                completed parties

        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          29 July 2024 5.15 billion yen       Joint and several                            29 July 2024-         No           No
                                                                                      (equivalent to RMB liability                                     10 February 2025
                                                                                      0.238 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          21 August 2024 RMB 0.039 billion Joint and several                               21 August 2024-       No           No
                                                                                                          liability                                    22 August 2025
                                                                                                          guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 billion yen     Joint and several                            23 August 2024-       No           No
                                                                                      (equivalent to RMB liability                                     10 February 2025
                                                                                      0.238 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 billion yen     Joint and several                            23 August 2024-       No           No
                                                                                      (equivalent to RMB liability                                     8 May 2025
                                                                                      0.238 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 billion yen     Joint and several                            23 August 2024-       No           No
                                                                                      (equivalent to RMB liability                                     4 June 2025
                                                                                      0.238 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 August 2024 5.15 billion yen     Joint and several                            23 August 2024-       No           No
                                                                                      (equivalent to RMB liability                                     4 July 2025
                                                                                      0.238 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          13 September 3.0 billion yen        Joint and several                            13 September 2024-    No           No
                                       28 November
                                                   RMB7.9 billion     2024            (equivalent to RMB liability                                     12 September 2025
                                         2023
                                                                                      0.139 billion)      guarantee
        SANDEN CORPORATION                                          23 September RMB 0.165 billion Joint and several                                 23 September 2024-    No           No
                                                                      2024                                liability                                    19 September 2025
                                                                                                          guarantee
        Guangdong Hisense                                           21 November RMB 0.178 billion Joint and several                                  21 November 2024-     Yes          No
          Refrigerator Marketing Co.                                  2024                                liability                                    29 November 2024
                                                                                                          guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                     28 August 2023 RMB 0.120 billion Joint and several                               28 August 2023-       Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                                liability                                    28 February 2024
                                                                                                          guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                     26 September RMB 0.064 billion Joint and several                                 26 September 2023-    Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                            2023                                liability                                    26 March 2024
                                                                                                          guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                     27 November RMB 0.062 billion Joint and several                                  27 November 2023-     Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                            2023                                liability                                    27 May 2024
                                                                                                          guarantee
        Hisense (Guangdong) Air                                     29 January 2024 RMB 0.08 billion    Joint and several                            29 January 2024-      Yes          No
          Conditioning Co.                                                                                liability                                    29 July 2024
                                                                                                          guarantee




106   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors



                                                                                             Company’s guarantees to subsidiaries
                                  Date of
                                  disclosure                             Actual
                                  of the                                 date of
                                  announcement                           occurrence                                                                   Counter-                                    Whether to
                                  related to the                         (date of         Actual                                                      guarantee                       Whether the guarantee
    Name of the                   guarantee Guarantee                    guarantee        guarantee             Type of             Collateral        situation   Guarantee           performance for related
    guarantee object              amount         quota                   agreement)       amount                guarantee           (if any)          (if any)    period              completed parties

    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                          RMB7.9 billion Total actual amount incurred for                                                                      RMB5.897 billion
      approved during the Reporting Period (B1)                                          guarantees to subsidiaries during the
                                                                                         Reporting Period (B2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                          RMB7.9 billion Total actual guarantee balances to                                                                    RMB2.189 billion
      approved at the end of the Reporting Period                                        subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting
      (B3)                                                                               Period (B4)

                                                                                            Subsidiaries’ guarantees to subsidiaries
                                Date of
                                disclosure                               Actual
                                of the                                   date of
                                announcement                             occurrence                                                                   Counter-                                    Whether to
                                related to the                           (date of         Actual                                                      guarantee                       Whether the guarantee
    Name of the                 guarantee Guarantee                      guarantee        guarantee         Type of             Collateral            situation   Guarantee           performance for related
    guarantee object            amount         amount                    agreement)       amount            guarantee           (if any)              (if any)    period              completed parties
    Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen 30 November RMB12,200,000                30 November      RMB 0             Joint and several –                       –           30 November 2022-   Yes         No
      & Bath System Co.            2022                                    2022                                liability                                            20 May 2025
                                                                                                               guarantee
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                                     0 Total actual amount incurred for                                                                                       0
      approved during the Reporting Period (C1)                                        guarantees to subsidiaries during the
                                                                                       Reporting Period (C2)
    Total amount of guarantees to subsidiaries                         RMB12,200,000 Total actual guarantee balances to                                                                                     0
      approved at the end of the Reporting Period                                      subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting
      (C3)                                                                             Period (C4)

                                                                                  Total company guarantees (the sum of the first three major items)
    Total amount of guarantee approved during the                         RMB7.9 billion Total actual amount of guarantees                                                                   RMB5.897 billion
      Reporting Period (A1+B1+C1)                                                               incurred during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                (A2+B2+C2)
    Total amount of approved guarantees at the end                      RMB7.912 billion Total actual guarantee balance at the end                                                           RMB2.189 billion
      of the Reporting Period (A3+B3+C3)                                                        of the Reporting Period (A4+B4+C4)
    Total actual guarantees (i.e.A4+B4+C4) as a percentage of the company’s net assets                                                                                                                14.16%
    Among them:
    Balance of guarantees provided to shareholders, beneficial owners and their related parties (D)                                                                                                         0
    Balance of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with a gearing ratio exceeding 70% (E)                                                             RMB2.189 billion
    Amount of the portion of total guarantees exceeding 50% of net assets (F)                                                                                                                            N/A
    Total amount of the above three guarantees (D+E+F)                                                                                                                                       RMB2.189billion
    For unexpired guarantee contracts, a description of the guarantee liability that has occurred or potential joint and several liability                                                                No
      with evidence during the Reporting Period (if any)
    Description of external guarantees provided in violation of prescribed procedures (if any)                                                                                                            No




                                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024       107
Report of the Directors


V.               PARTICULARS OF ENTRUSTED WEALTH MANAGEMENT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                                Total subscription                             Amount of                                                    Impairment of
                                                                                                                               amount of entrusted                  undue principal                 Amounts overdue                    amounts overdue
                                                                Source of funding                                              wealth management                               and return                    for recovery                         for recovery
                                                                for entrusted wealth                                                            as at 31                         as at 31                          as at 31                           as at 31
                 Product Type                                   management                                                         December 2024                     December 2024                      December 2024                       December 2024


                 Wealth management                              Self-owned funds                                                        1,751,300.00                      1,599,829.89                                   0.00                                0.00
                       products of banks
                 Total                                                                                                                  1,751,300.00                      1,599,829.89                                   0.00                                  0.00

                 During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have a high-risk entrusted wealth management product
                 which has a significant individual amount, or low security, poor liquidity or no assurance on investment
                 principal, and the Company was not aware of any circumstances indicating the possibility that the principal of
                 the entrusted wealth management could not be recovered or other circumstances that might lead to impairment.


VI.              FINANCIAL ASSETS INVESTMENT

                 1.                 Securities investment


                                                                                                                   Gains or      Accumulated
                                                                                                                   losses on       fair value                                       Profit and
                                                          Initial Accounting                 Opening                changes          changes         Purchase       Amount             loss for
Securities Securities Abbreviation                    investment measurement                     book        in fair value          included       amount for    sold during     the Reporting           Other     Closing book    Accounting         Fund
species       code           of securities                  cost model                          value       for the period          in equity       the period    the period           Period          changes            value    accounts           source


Equity        7267           Honda Motor Co., Ltd.             – Fair value              14,976,321.30                             684,206.45     1,118,091.16                                    -1,224,457.38    15,554,161.53   Other equity       Own funds
                               (Listed on the Tokyo                 measurement                                                                                                                                                    instruments
                               Stock Exchange)
Equity        8795           T&D Holdings (Listed              – Fair value                     20.09                                                                                                     -1.60           18.49    Other equity       Own funds
                               on the Tokyo Stock                   measurement                                                                                                                                                    instruments
                               Exchange)
Equity        PRU            Prudential (Listed on             – Fair value               1,702,084.58         238,753.56                          199,652.72                                      -144,004.75      1,996,486.11   Trading financial Own funds
                               the New York Stock                   measurement                                                                                                                                                    assets
                               Exchange)
Equity        000980         ZOTYE AUTOMOBILE                       Fair value               32,079.74             -6,361.14                                                                          -2,410.71        23,307.89   Trading financial Own funds
                               (10757)                              measurement                                                                                                                                                    assets
Equity        601777         Lifan Technology                       Fair value             195,083.41          196,764.56                                                                           -19,545.79       372,302.18    Trading financial Own funds
                               (4452)                               measurement                                                                                                                                                    assets
Other securities investments held                              – –                                                                                                                                                                 –                  –
  at the end of the period
Total                                                          – –                       16,905,589.12         429,156.98          684,206.45     1,317,743.88                                    -1,390,420.23    17,946,276.20   –                  –
Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment by the Board                                                                                                                                                                           N/A

Date of the announcement disclosing the approval of securities investment during shareholders’ meetings (if any)                                                                                                                                                 N/A




108          Annual Report 2024
Report of the Directors


    2.    Derivatives investment


          ✓Applicable    □Not applicable


          The Company’s derivative investments are mainly in foreign exchange derivatives such as forward
          settlement/purchase of foreign exchange.


VII. DESCRIPTION OF CHANGES IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION AS COMPARED TO
     FINANCIAL REPORT LAST YEAR

    ✓Applicable   □Not applicable


    Details of the changes in scope of consolidation of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in
    Note 7.


VIII. REASON FOR CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES, ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND
      ACCOUNTING TREATMENT AS COMPARED TO THE FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE
      PRIOR YEAR

    □Applicable   ✓ Not applicable




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   109
Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company has strictly adhered to the relevant
provisions of the Company Law, the Stock Listing Rules of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, the Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, and the Articles of Association. It has
fulfilled its duties with due diligence and faithfully safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of the Company,
all employees, and shareholders. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Supervisory Committee hereby
reports to all shareholders on its work in 2024:


I.      MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN 2024

        During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee held a total of 8 meetings, The brief details are as
        follows:


        1.       The eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee held its first meeting of 2024 on 8 January 2024,
                 considering and approving matters relating to the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan, and
                 the repurchase and cancellation of certain A Share of Restricted Stock.


        2.       The eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee held its second meeting of 2024 on 29 March 2024,
                 considering and approving the Company’s 2023 Annual Report and related matters.


        3.       The eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee held its third meeting of 2024 on 24 April 2024,
                 considering and approving the Company’s 2024 First Quarterly Report.


        4.       The eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee held its fourth meeting of 2024 on 3 June 2024,
                 considering and approving re-election of Supervisory Committee and election of candidate supervisors,
                 expiration of the first lock-up period and fulfillment of unlocking conditions for the 2022 A Share
                 Employee Stock Ownership Plan, fulfillment of conditions for the first release of restricted shares
                 under the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme, and the repurchase and cancellation of certain A
                 Share of Restricted Stock.


        5.       The twelfth session of the Supervisory Committee held its first meeting of 2024 on 24 June 2024,
                 considering and approving the election of Mr. Liu Zhen Shun as the chairman of the twelfth session of
                 the Supervisory Committee of the Company.


        6.       The twelfth session of the Supervisory Committee held its second meeting of 2024 on 30 August 2024,
                 considering and approving the Company’s 2024 Interim Report and related proposals.


        7.       The twelfth session of the Supervisory Committee held its third meeting of 2024 on 30 October 2024,
                 considering and approving the Company’s 2024 Third Quarterly Report.


        8.       The twelfth session of the Supervisory Committee held its fourth meeting of 2024 on 13 December
                 2024, considering and approving the adjustment of the repurchase price under the 2022 Restricted A
                 Share Incentive Scheme, and the repurchase and cancellation of certain A Share of Restricted Stock.




110   Annual Report 2024
Report of the Supervisory Committee


II.   THE REVIEW OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON RELEVANT
      MATTERS OF THE COMPANY IN 2024

      1.   The Company’s Compliance with Laws and Regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Company
           continued to improve its management systems. The Company’s decision – making procedures were
           legal and compliant. The convening procedures, proposals, and voting procedures for the shareholders’
           general meeting and the Board, all complied with laws, regulations, and the Articles of Association.
           The Directors and senior management were diligent and responsible in implementing resolutions of the
           general meeting and the Board, and no violations of laws, regulations, the Articles of Association, or
           actions detrimental to the Company’s interests were observed.


      2.   The Company’s Financial Report. ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP has audited the
           Company’s financial statements for the year 2024 and issued an auditor’s report with standard
           unqualified opinion. The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the opinion expressed in the
           auditor’s report was fair and objective and the current financial statements have truthfully and fairly
           reflected the financial condition and operating results of the Company.


      3.   During the Reporting Period, the Company had no fund-raising investment projects.


      4.   During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any major asset sales.


      5.   During the Reporting Period, transactions with related parties were fair and reasonable, with pricing
           aligned with market standards, which did not harm the interests of non-related shareholders or the
           Company.


      6.   Opinions on the Company’s Internal Control Evaluation Report.


           After reviewing the Company’s 2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report, the Company’s Supervisory
           Committee is of the view that: with reference to the relevant requirements of the Basic Norms for
           Enterprise Internal Control and the Guidelines of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for the Standardized
           Operation of Listed Companies, the Company’s existing internal control and risk management
           systems are basically sound and cover all levels and segments of the Company’s operation, are in
           compliance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations, and suit the actual needs of the
           Company’s operating activities. Each of the internal control and risk management systems is able to
           exert relatively effective control of the different segments in the Company’s operation, and is capable
           of preventing, timely discovering and rectifying possible errors in the Company’s operation process,
           controlling the relevant risks, protecting the safety and completeness of the Company’s assets, ensuring
           the truthfulness, accuracy and timeliness of the accounting records and accounting information. The
           Company’s 2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report has fully, objectively and truly reflected the actual
           internal control and risk management situation of the Company. The Supervisory Committee agrees to
           the issue of the 2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report by the Board.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   111
Report of the Supervisory Committee


        7.       Opinions on the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan


                 (1)       The participants of the allocation of reserved shares under the 2024 A Share Employee Stock
                           Ownership Plan meet the relevant provisions of the laws and regulations, departmental rules
                           and regulations and regulatory documents, and meet the scope of the provisions of the 2024 A
                           Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan, and the Administrative Measures for the 2024 A Share
                           Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company. The eligibility of the Participants as reserved
                           shares holders under the 2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan is legal and valid.


                 (2)       The decision-making procedures in respect of the allocation of reserved shares under the 2024
                           A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company are lawful and effective, and the
                           connected Directors have abstained from voting. There are no circumstances that are detrimental
                           to the interests of the Company and shareholders. The allocation of the reserved shares was
                           participated by the employees in accordance with principles of legal compliance, voluntary
                           participation and voluntary risk assumption, and there are no circumstances that the Company
                           forced employees to participate in the allocation of reserved shares under the Employee Share
                           Ownership Plan by means such as apportionment and mandatory distribution. There are no
                           circumstances that the Company provided financial assistance such as advances, guarantees and
                           loans or other financial assistance to the Participants of the reserved shares under the Employee
                           Share Ownership Plan.


                 (3)       The implementation of the allocation of reserved shares under the 2024 A Share Employee Stock
                           Ownership Plan of the Company is conducive to establishing and improving the mechanism for
                           sharing benefits between employees and holders, enabling a closer integration of the interests
                           of relevant employees with the long-term development of the company. It is also beneficial for
                           meeting the Company’s needs for sustainable development, continuously attracting and retaining
                           outstanding talents, and enhancing the cohesion and competitiveness of employees.




112   Annual Report 2024
Auditor’s Report


                               信永中和會計師事務所                         北京市東城區朝陽門北大街                    聯繫電話：        +86(010)6554 2288

                                                                  8號富華大廈A座9層
                                                                                                  telephone:   +86(010)6554 2288



                                                                  9/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion,
                               ShineWing                          No. 8, Chaoyangmen Beidajie,
                                                                  Dongcheng District, Beijing,    傳真：          +86(010)6554 7190
                                                                  100027, P. R. China             facsimile:   +86(010)6554 7190



                                                                                         XYZH/2025QDAA4B0004
                                                                            Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.

To the shareholders of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.,



I.    AUDIT OPINION

      We have audited the financial statements of Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company” or
      “Hisense Appliances”), which comprise the consolidated and the Parent Company’s balance sheets as at 31
      December 2024, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s income statements, the consolidated and the
      Parent Company’s cash flow statements, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s statements of changes in
      equity for 2024 and the notes to the financial statements.

      In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of Hisense Appliances present fairly, in all material
      aspects, the consolidated and the Parent Company’s financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the
      consolidated and the Parent Company’s results of operations and cash flows for the year 2024 of Hisense
      Appliances in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

II.   BASIS OF AUDIT OPINION

      We conducted our audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those
      standards are further described in the “Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements”
      section of our report. We are independent of Hisense Appliances in accordance with the International Ethics
      Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Chinese Certified Public Accountants, and we have
      fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
      have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    113
Auditor’s Report


III.     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

         Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
         of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
         the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
         opinion on these matters.

         1.       Provision for declines in value of finished goods
                               Key audit matters                                                       Audit response
         A s s t a t e d i n n o t e I I I. 12. “I n v e n t o r i e s” o f t h e   (1)   Evaluated and tested key internal controls
         financial statement, the finished goods of Hisense                               relating to the provision for declines in value of
         Appliances are measured at the lower of cost                                     finished goods;
         and net realizable value. As stated in note V. 9.
         “Inventories”, as at 31 December 2024, the balance                         (2)   Carried out stock counting procedures for the
         of finished goods was RMB5,647,835,914.41; the                                   finished goods of Hisense Appliances, checked
         provision for declines in value of finished goods                                the quantity and condition of finished goods;
         was RMB62,959,633.32; and the carrying amount
         o f f i n i s h e d g o o d s w a s R M B5,584,876,281.09.                 (3)   Obtained the calculation table of provision for
         The sufficiency of provision for declines in value                               declines in value of finished goods of Hisense
         of finished goods has a material impact on the                                   Appliances, selected certain product models on
         financial statements.                                                            a sampling basis and compared their records
                                                                                          and ageing in the table against the results of our
         Hisense Appliances determines the net realizable                                 stock counting;
         v a l u e o f fin is h e d g o o d s b a s e d o n th e e s tima te d
         selling price of finished goods less the estimated                         (4)   By comparing historical selling prices of similar
         sales expenses and related taxes.                                                products and reviewing the trend in future
                                                                                          selling prices of products based on seasonal
         The management estimates the expected selling                                    and cyclical characteristics, we assessed the
         price of finished goods based on their conditions,                               selling prices estimated by the managem ent
         and the management is required to make significant                               and checked the same against the actual selling
         judgments in the estimation process.                                             prices subsequent to the balance sheet date;

         In view of the large amount involved in the matter                         (5)   By comparing historical selling expenses and
         and the need for management to make significant                                  relevant taxation and fees of similar products,
         judgments, we treat the provision for declines in                                we assessed the selling expenses and relevant
         value of finished goods as a key audit matter.                                   taxation and fees estimated by the management
                                                                                          and checked the same against the actual amount
                                                                                          incurred subsequent to the balance sheet date;

                                                                                    (6)   Selected certain finished goods and re-calculated
                                                                                          their recoverable amount and the balance of
                                                                                          provision for declines in value of finished goods
                                                                                          as at the end of the period.




114    Annual Report 2024
Auditor’s Report


      2.        Sales to and receivables from related
                party
                             Key audit matters                                                                Audit response
      A s d e s c r i b e d i n “X I I. 2.2 R e l a t e d P a r t y                 (1)   assessed and tested the effectiveness of
      Transactions and 3.1 Balances of the Related Party                                  management’s design and operation of internal
      Transactions to the Financial Statements”, Hisense                                  controls relating to related party transactions
      Appliances has a relatively large amount of sales                                   and receivables from related party;
      t o r e l a t e d p a r t i e s, a n d a s o f 31 D e c e m b e r 2024,
      it had account receivables from related party of                              (2)   obtained a list of related parties compiled by the
      RMB6,565,252,523.58. In view of the large amount                                    management and checked it with information
      of related party transactions and receivables                                       obtained from other public sources;
      from related party, whether it actually occurred
      or existed has a material impact on financial                                 (3)   Obtained the details of related transactions
      s t a t e m e n t s, t h e r e f o r e, w e t a k e r e l a t e d p a r t y         and receivables from related parties prepared
      transactions and receivables from related party as                                  by the management to understand the business
      the key audit matters.                                                              reasons for the related transactions and verify
                                                                                          the fairness of the related transactions;

                                                                                    (4)   Inspected relevant information such as contracts
                                                                                          or agreements, invoices, declarations and other
                                                                                          r e l a t e d i n f o r m a t i o n o f r e l a t e d t r a n s a c t i o n s,
                                                                                          and performed correspondence verification
                                                                                          procedures for significant related transactions
                                                                                          and accounts receivable from related parties;

                                                                                    (5)   Checked repayment of receivable after the
                                                                                          period;

                                                                                    (6)   Obtained an understanding of the authorization
                                                                                          and approval process of related transactions and
                                                                                          reviewed the presentation and disclosure of the
                                                                                          related contents in the financial statements.


IV.   OTHER INFORMATION

      The management of Hisense Appliances (the “management”) is responsible for the other information. The
      other information comprises the information included in the 2024 annual report of Hisense Appliances, but
      does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or
      our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024        115
Auditor’s Report


V.      RESPONSIBILITIES OF MANAGEMENT AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
        FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        The management is responsible for preparing the financial statements in accordance with Accounting
        Standards for Business Enterprises, to guarantee the fairness of financial statements, and designing,
        implementing and maintaining the necessary internal control to avoid the material misstatement of financial
        statements which is due to fraud or error.

        In preparing the financial statements, the management is responsible for assessing Hisense Appliances’s
        sustainable business capacity, disclosing matters (if applicable) in relation to the going concern, and using the
        going concern assumption unless the management either intend to liquidate Hisense Appliances or to cease
        operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

        Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing Hisense Appliances’s financial reporting
        process.

VI.     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free
        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
        opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but it is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
        in accordance with China Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
        they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
        financial statements.

        As part of an audit in accordance with China Standards on Auditing, we exercise professional judgment and
        maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

        (1)      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud
                 or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
                 is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
                 misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
                 collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

        (2)      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                 that are appropriate in the circumstances.

        (3)      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
                 and related disclosures made by the management.

        (4)      Conclude on the appropriateness of the management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting
                 and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events
                 or conditions that may cast significant doubt on Hisense Appliances’s ability to continue as a going
                 concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our
                 auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are
                 inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
                 date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Hisense Appliances to
                 cease to continue as a going concern.




116   Annual Report 2024
Auditor’s Report


    (5)    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
           manner that achieves fair presentation.

    (6)    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within Hisense Appliances to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
           statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We
           remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

    We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
    timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
    we identify during our audit.

    We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
    requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
    may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

    From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were
    of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
    audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
    disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
    be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
    outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

    ShineWing Certified Public Accountants             Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Xu Zhi Yang
                                                       (engagement partner)

                                                       Chinese Certified Public Accountants: Zhang Shi Bing

    Beijing, PRC                                       28 March 2025




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   117
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


1.      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

        Prepared by: Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.                                        Unit: RMB

                                                31 December 2024

        Item                                                       Note    Closing balance    Opening balance

        Current assets:
         Cash at bank and on hand                                  V.1     4,397,693,443.73    4,939,273,198.62
         Balances with clearing companies
         Lending capital
         Transactional financial assets                            V.2    16,209,276,762.85   13,192,025,535.87
         Derivative financial assets
         Notes receivable                                          V.3       459,013,499.65      741,622,573.50
         Accounts receivable                                       V.4    10,480,609,898.16    9,225,321,882.07
         Factoring of accounts receivables                         V.6     6,000,519,893.99    4,643,427,583.77
         Prepayments                                               V.8       524,090,978.17      389,066,274.16
         Insurance premium receivable
         Receivables from reinsurers
         Reserves for reinsurance contract receivable
         Other receivables                                         V.7      242,816,255.92      145,804,125.45
               Including: Interest receivable
                           Dividends receivable                                                      89,630.21
         Financial assets purchased under agreements to resell
         Inventories                                               V.9     7,566,932,954.39    6,774,603,438.00
           Of which: data resources
         Contract assets                                           V.5       56,210,047.88       35,878,308.82
         Assets held for sale
         Non-current assets due within one year                    V.10    4,883,695,277.78    3,641,708,361.11
         Other current assets                                      V.11    1,687,051,443.98    1,411,188,199.90

        Total current assets                                              52,507,910,456.50   45,139,919,481.27

        Non-current assets:
         Disbursement of loans and advances
         Investments in debt
         Other investments in debt
         Long-term receivables
         Long-term equity investments                              V.12    1,764,936,952.09    1,671,365,117.46
         Other equity investment                                   V.13       42,364,813.88       40,244,766.96
         Other non-current financial assets                        V.14       21,332,417.54       27,197,809.69
         Investment properties                                     V.15      253,998,555.64      177,982,723.30
         Fixed assets                                              V.16    5,648,643,079.56    5,662,912,502.03
         Construction in progress                                  V.17      674,456,905.57      443,523,694.21
         Productive biological assets
         Oil and gas assets
         Right-of-use assets                                       V.18      163,180,643.61      169,378,820.87
         Intangible assets                                         V.19    1,406,841,869.56    1,341,855,927.15
           Of which: data resources
         Development costs
           Of which: data resources
         Goodwill                                                  V.20      226,408,877.76      226,408,877.76
         Long-term prepaid expenses                                V.21       44,778,274.65       40,734,232.78
         Deferred tax assets                                       V.22    1,087,501,760.54    1,125,596,510.74
         Other non-current assets                                  V.23    5,859,585,210.43    9,879,375,091.45

        Total non-current assets                                          17,194,029,360.83   20,806,576,074.40

        Total assets                                                      69,701,939,817.33   65,946,495,555.67




118   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                   Note    Closing balance      Opening balance

       Current liabilities:
        Short-term borrowings                                 V.25    2,708,715,351.46     2,502,318,314.58
        Borrowings from central bank
        Loans from other banks
        Transactional financial liabilities                   V.26        3,552,841.18         54,355,584.93
        Derivative financial liabilities
        Notes payable                                         V.27   16,132,766,497.33    14,608,429,378.74
        Accounts payable                                      V.28   12,848,289,233.62    12,049,877,232.20
        Advances from customers                               V.29        2,745,211.29         3,833,256.75
        Contract liability                                    V.30    1,838,591,086.05     1,440,254,499.57
        Proceeds from disposal of financial assets under
          agreements to repurchase
        Receipt of deposits and deposits from other banks
        Customer brokerage deposits
        Securities underwriting brokerage deposits
        Employee remunerations payable                        V.31    1,441,919,470.92     1,373,816,151.59
        Taxes payable                                         V.32      537,713,772.43       774,372,089.67
        Other payables                                        V.33    5,389,842,305.97     4,670,674,014.20
               Including: Interest payable
                           Dividends payable                             89,718,011.42         70,574,497.68
        Handling fees and commission payable
        Reinsured accounts payable
        Liabilities held for sale
        Non-current liabilities due within one year           V.34      101,928,336.06       121,677,937.29
        Other current liabilities                             V.35    6,913,302,837.03     6,442,483,786.34

       Total current liabilities                                     47,919,366,943.34    44,042,092,245.86




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   119
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                        Note    Closing balance    Opening balance

        Non-current liabilities:
         Reserves for reinsurance contract
         Long-term borrowings                                       V.36      49,371,196.64       42,956,652.46
         Bonds payable
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Lease liabilities                                          V.37     161,471,272.87      208,946,083.77
         Long-term payables
         Long-term employee remunerations payable                   V.38       77,923,347.90      105,961,766.83
         Provisions                                                 V.39    1,102,337,190.50    1,229,967,589.74
         Deferred income                                            V.40      334,592,888.16      149,189,343.53
         Deferred tax liabilities                                   V.22      148,942,326.29      158,435,374.83
         Other non-current liabilities                              V.41      533,409,940.50      612,887,372.01

        Total non-current liabilities                                       2,408,048,162.86    2,508,344,183.17

        Total liabilities                                                  50,327,415,106.20   46,550,436,429.03

        Shareholders’ equity:
          Share capital                                             V.42    1,386,010,405.00    1,387,935,370.00
          Other equity instruments
          Including: Preference shares
                     Perpetual debts
          Capital reserve                                           V.43    2,099,080,199.65    2,115,407,718.05
          Less: treasury shares                                     V.44      264,243,096.35      236,626,482.61
          Other comprehensive income                                V.45      200,747,044.66      226,997,819.74
          Special reserves                                          V.46        9,282,792.01        6,319,636.53
          Surplus reserves                                          V.47      724,682,309.99      724,682,309.99
          General risk provisions
          Undistributed profit                                      V.48   11,300,066,951.67    9,355,458,114.25
          Total equity attributable to shareholders of the parent          15,455,626,606.63   13,580,174,485.95
          Minority interests                                                3,918,898,104.50    5,815,884,640.69

        Total shareholders’ equity                                         19,374,524,711.13   19,396,059,126.64

        Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         69,701,939,817.33   65,946,495,555.67



Legal representative: Gao Yuling Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




120   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


2.     BALANCE SHEETS OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

       Item                                                   Note     Opening balance        Closing balance

       Current assets:
        Cash at bank and on hand                                           83,431,684.91        78,796,769.09
        Transactional financial assets                                  2,335,470,084.17     1,326,115,505.29
        Derivative financial assets
        Notes receivable                                                                           749,731.29
        Accounts receivable                                   XVII.1      603,535,442.54       618,381,907.19
        Factoring of accounts receivables                                  36,727,135.61        26,311,535.56
        Prepayment                                                         38,299,611.93        21,670,721.68
        Other receivables                                     XVII.2    1,167,291,561.49     1,255,850,852.04
              Including: Interest receivable
                          Dividends receivable                            71,598,383.60          68,351,678.85
        Inventories                                                        9,524,489.02           4,042,505.04
          Of which: data resources
        Contract assets
        Assets held for sale
        Non-current assets due within one year
        Other current assets                                              58,094,649.76          97,352,470.53

       Total current assets                                             4,332,374,659.43     3,429,271,997.71

       Non-current assets:
        Investments in debt
        Other investments in debt
        Long-term receivables                                           1,131,550,066.93     1,182,103,450.53
        Long-term equity investments                          XVII.3    6,763,469,751.87     5,935,343,771.41
        Other equity investment
        Other non-current financial assets
        Investment properties                                              2,091,120.00           2,091,120.00
        Fixed assets                                                      40,158,494.35          32,456,914.98
        Construction in progress                                           4,689,141.59             295,088.50
        Productive biological assets
        Oil and gas assets
        Right-of-use assets
        Intangible assets                                                157,986,067.36         160,458,676.30
          Of which: data resources
        Development costs
          Of which: data resources
        Goodwill
        Long-term prepaid expenses                                           130,347.10              164,213.60
        Deferred tax assets
        Other non-current assets                                              92,682.50            2,453,747.08

       Total non-current assets                                         8,100,167,671.70     7,315,366,982.40

       Total assets                                                    12,432,542,331.13    10,744,638,980.11




                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   121
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                  Note   Opening balance      Closing balance

        Current liabilities:
         Short-term borrowings
         Transactional financial liabilities
         Derivative financial liabilities
         Notes payable                                                  45,208,805.22       36,610,973.32
         Accounts payable                                               63,192,120.14       42,353,376.00
         Advances from customers
         Contract liability                                              1,499,899.68        3,175,690.52
         Employee remunerations payable                                 25,996,886.40       41,599,867.10
         Taxes payable                                                   6,074,332.78        2,592,997.56
         Other payables                                                975,680,870.90      800,818,012.63
               Including: Interest payable
                            Dividends payable
         Liabilities held for sale
         Non-current liabilities due within one year
         Other current liabilities                                     144,509,951.60       93,285,809.09

        Total Current Liabilities                                     1,262,162,866.72    1,020,436,726.22

        Non-current Liabilities:
         Long-term borrowings
         Bonds payable
         Including: Preference shares
                    Perpetual debts
         Lease liabilities
         Long-term payables
         Long-term employee remunerations payable
         Provisions                                                    240,589,748.09      209,867,477.18
         Deferred income                                                24,406,184.40       23,941,659.62
         Deferred tax liabilities
         Other non-current liabilities

        Total non-current liabilities                                  264,995,932.49      233,809,136.80

        Total liabilities                                             1,527,158,799.21    1,254,245,863.02

        Shareholders’ equity:
          Share capital                                               1,386,010,405.00    1,387,935,370.00
          Other equity instruments
          Including: Preference shares
                     Perpetual debts
          Capital reserve                                             2,387,231,218.73    2,352,730,955.68
          Less: Treasury shares                                         264,243,096.35      236,626,482.61
          Other comprehensive income                                    -30,344,604.64        1,507,133.78
          Special reserves
          Surplus reserves                                              694,073,685.00      694,073,685.00
          Undistributed profit                                        6,732,655,924.18    5,290,772,455.24

        Total shareholders’ equity                                   10,905,383,531.92    9,490,393,117.09

        Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                   12,432,542,331.13   10,744,638,980.11




122   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


3.     CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                  Note               2024                         2023

       I.     Total operating revenue                                               92,745,611,109.52      85,600,189,224.06
              Including: Operating revenue                                   V.49   92,745,611,109.52      85,600,189,224.06
                         Interest income
                         Insurance premium earned
                         Income from handling fees and commission

       II.    Total operating costs                                                 88,811,666,955.56      81,457,336,033.74
              Including: Operating costs                                     V.49   73,476,062,734.50      67,451,367,706.02
                          Interest expenses
                          Handling fees and commission expenses
                          Refunded premiums
                          Net amount of compensation payout
                          N et amount of insurance contract reserves
                            provided
                          Policyholder dividend expenses
                          Reinsurance premium expenses
                          Taxes and surcharges                               V.50      424,352,075.52          579,207,000.98
                          Sales expenses                                     V.51    9,001,915,472.95        8,555,775,713.18
                          Management expenses                                V.52    2,499,492,962.69        2,296,063,851.05
                          Research and development expenses                  V.53    3,446,746,374.31        2,779,508,194.39
                          Financial expenses                                 V.54      -36,902,664.41         -204,586,431.88
                          Including: Interest expense                                  149,842,418.36          144,388,196.47
                                      Interest income                                   64,767,054.70           56,918,785.34
              Add: Other income                                              V.55      718,383,267.87          598,955,858.57
                    Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                V.56      905,644,417.61          719,432,575.42
                    Including: Share of profit of associates and
                                   joint ventures                                     319,799,112.07           343,907,407.14
                                Income from derecognition of financial
                                   assets at amortised cost                             -1,505,664.12            -1,048,232.87
                    Foreign exchange gains (loss expressed with “-”)
                    Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                    G ain from changes in fair values (loss expressed
                      with “-”)                                              V.57      253,160,531.67           14,926,269.81
                    Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)    V.58       44,200,668.57          -43,203,421.13
                    Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)    V.59     -180,162,809.58         -190,783,091.93
                    Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)     V.60        3,972,039.23            5,835,013.43

       III. Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                              5,679,142,269.33        5,248,016,394.49
            Add: Non-operating incomes                                       V.61      348,947,831.46          498,281,308.38
            Less: Non-operating expenses                                     V.62       61,701,076.90           61,740,282.05

       IV. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                              5,966,389,023.89        5,684,557,420.82
           Less: Income tax expenses                                         V.63      840,236,049.65          893,067,496.90

       V.     Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                              5,126,152,974.24        4,791,489,923.92
              (1) Classified on a going concern basis
                  1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
                     expressed with “-”)                                             5,126,152,974.24        4,791,489,923.92
                  2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
                     expressed with “-”)
              (2) Classified by ownership of equity
                  1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent           3,347,881,773.89        2,837,322,754.58
                  2. Profit and loss of minority interests                           1,778,271,200.35        1,954,167,169.34




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   123
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Item                                                               Note              2024               2023

        VI. Other comprehensive income after tax, net                               -10,567,861.70    107,901,029.90
            Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
            owners of the parent, net                                               -26,250,775.08    105,730,374.24
            (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss                     23,649,623.70     -3,821,920.55
               1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                  benefit plan                                                      23,068,284.31       -6,252,650.20
               2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                  transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
               3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                  investment                                                           581,339.39        2,430,729.65
               4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own credit
                  risk
               5. Others
            (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                        -49,900,398.78    109,552,294.79
               1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                  gains and losses under the equity method                          -31,695,535.18       3,579,459.96
               2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
               3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                  comprehensive income
               4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                  investment
               5. Cash flow hedge reserve
               6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
                  financial statements                                              -18,204,863.60    105,972,834.83
               7. Others
            Other comprehensive income after tax attributable to
            minority interests, net                                                 15,682,913.38        2,170,655.66

        VII. Total comprehensive income                                           5,115,585,112.54   4,899,390,953.82
             T otal comprehensive income attributable to shareholders of
               the parent                                                         3,321,630,998.81   2,943,053,128.82
             T otal comprehensive income attributable to minority
               interests                                                          1,793,954,113.73   1,956,337,825.00

        VIII. Earnings per share:
              (1) Basic earnings per share                                                    2.46               2.08
              (2) Diluted earnings per share                                                  2.46               2.08



Legal representative: Gao Yuling Chief financial officer: Sun Changchun Accounting supervisor: Zhou Shan




124   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


4.     INCOME STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                                    Unit: RMB

       Item                                                                   Note                2024                         2023

       I.     Total operating revenue                                         XVII.4   5,690,120,355.19        5,743,034,442.57
              Less: Operating costs                                           XVII.4   5,348,628,310.54        5,237,346,344.11
                    Taxes and surcharges                                                   8,818,827.29            8,629,217.39
                    Sales expenses                                                       303,588,141.94          227,868,941.33
                    Management expenses                                                  112,180,152.77          146,632,178.94
                    Research and development expenses                                    165,017,898.34          157,519,925.93
                    Financial expenses                                                   -64,471,063.42          -52,151,596.98
                    Including: Interest expense
                               Interest income                                             1,920,112.77           51,740,903.61
              Add: Other income                                                            2,347,859.95            6,542,533.50
                    Investment gain (loss expressed with “-”)                 XVII.5   3,011,496,629.21        1,020,279,707.63
                    Including: Share of profit of associates and
                                 joint ventures                                          96,750,756.12           123,053,319.33
                               Income from derecognition of financial
                                 assets at amortised cost (loss expressed
                                 with “-”)
                    Net exposure hedge income (loss expressed with “-”)
                    Gain from changes in fair values (loss expressed
                      with “-”)                                                          11,504,031.59              5,024,236.99
                    Impairment losses on credit (loss expressed with “-”)                  -248,119.42             -2,274,833.76
                    Impairment losses on assets (loss expressed with “-”)                  -296,058.37
                    Gains on disposal of asset (loss expressed with “-”)                     12,821.20              2,641,007.36

       II.    Operating profits (loss expressed with “-”)                              2,841,175,251.89        1,049,402,083.57
              Add: Non-operating incomes                                                   6,117,175.33            3,477,602.20
              Less: Non-operating expenses                                                  -477,100.39            2,270,585.36

       III. Total profit (total loss expressed with “-”)                               2,847,769,527.61        1,050,609,100.41
            Less: Income tax expenses                                                      2,613,122.20           15,966,734.52

       IV. Net profits (net loss expressed with “-”)                                   2,845,156,405.41        1,034,642,365.89
           (1) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss
               expressed with “-”)                                                     2,845,156,405.41        1,034,642,365.89
           (2) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss
               expressed with “-”)

       V.     Other comprehensive income after tax, net                                  -31,851,738.42             3,206,758.01
              (1) Items not to be reclassified into profit or loss
                  1. Changes arising from remeasurement of defined
                     benefit plan
                  2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                     transferred to profit or loss under the equity method
                  3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                     investment
                  4. Changes in the fair value of the company’s own
                     credit risk
                  5. Others
              (2) Items to be reclassified into profit or loss                           -31,851,738.42             3,206,758.01
                  1. Other comprehensive income that is convertible into
                     gains and losses under the equity method                            -31,851,738.42             3,206,758.01
                  2. Changes in fair value of other investments in debt
                  3. The amount of financial assets reclassified into other
                     comprehensive income
                  4. Credit impairment provisions for other debt
                     investment
                  5. Cash flow hedge reserve
                  6. Differences on translation of foreign currency
                     financial statements
                  7. Others

       VI. Total comprehensive income                                                  2,813,304,666.99        1,037,849,123.90

       VII. Earnings per share:
            (1) Basic earnings per share
            (2) Diluted earnings per share


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   125
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


5.      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT

                                                                                                      Unit: RMB

        Item                                                         Note               2024                2023

        I.  Cash flows from operating activities:
            Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
              services                                                      76,577,033,223.57   72,865,336,513.72
            Net increase in customer deposits and interbank
              deposits
            Net increase in borrowings from central bank
            Net increase in placements from other financial
              institutions
            Cash received from original insurance contracts
            Net cash received from reinsurance business
            Net increase in deposits and investments from
              policyholders
            Cash received from interest, fees and commissions
            Net increase in placements from banks and other
              financial institutions
            Net increase in repurchase business capital
            Net income from trading securities as broker
            Tax rebates received                                             3,516,048,170.30    2,980,874,916.21
            Cash received relating to other operating activities     V.65    1,332,901,940.81      969,432,311.07
        Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                  81,425,983,334.68   76,815,643,741.00
            Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt
              of services                                                   53,813,631,103.79   44,352,349,811.68
            Net increase in loans and advances to customers
            Net increase in deposits with central bank and other
              banks
            Cash paid for compensation under original insurance
              contract
            Net increase in placements from banks and other
              financial institutions
            Cash paid for interest, fees and commissions
            Cash paid for policyholders’ dividend
            Cash paid to and for employees                                   9,219,713,292.09    8,470,053,926.86
            Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                               3,481,226,990.40    3,850,636,539.31
            Cash paid relating to other operating activities         V.65    9,779,247,007.16    9,530,745,871.80
        Subtotal of cash outflows from operating activities                 76,293,818,393.44   66,203,786,149.65
        Net cash flows from operating activities                             5,132,164,941.24   10,611,857,591.35

        II.  Cash flows from investing activities:
             Cash received from recovery of investments
             Cash received from investment income                            1,078,028,635.37     647,703,705.24
             Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets,
               intangible assets and other long-term assets                      9,383,381.79      12,399,066.62
             Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and
               other operation units
             Cash received relating to other investing activities    V.65   36,488,772,661.40   20,246,695,732.29
        Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                  37,576,184,678.56   20,906,798,504.15
             Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets                             1,393,936,596.83     985,119,113.16
             Cash paid for investments                                         147,000,000.00     159,150,000.00
             Net increase in pledged loans
             Cash paid for acquiring subsidiaries and other
               operation units
             Cash paid relating to other investing activities        V.65   36,654,685,169.84   29,319,972,967.96
        Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                 38,195,621,766.67   30,464,242,081.12
        Net cash flows from investing activities                              -619,437,088.11   -9,557,443,576.97


126   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


       Item                                                        Note               2024                         2023

       III. Cash flows from financing activities:
            Cash received from capital contribution                            5,000,000.00        228,142,805.62
            Including: Cash contribution to subsidiaries from
              minority shareholders’ investment                                5,000,000.00        59,340,725.62
            Cash received from borrowings                                  2,218,102,177.76     2,705,953,052.26
            Cash received relating to other financing activities   V.65    2,703,497,913.70     1,624,669,033.53
       Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                  4,926,600,091.46     4,558,764,891.41
            Cash paid for repayment of borrowings                          1,762,522,177.20     1,607,840,828.46
            Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or
              payment of interest expenses                                 4,389,960,761.14     1,913,395,751.24
            Including: Dividend and profit paid to minority
              shareholders by subsidiaries                                 2,894,496,152.89     1,099,839,572.98
            Cash paid relating to other financing activities       V.65    3,895,437,279.21     1,658,667,022.92
       Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                10,047,920,217.55     5,179,903,602.62
       Net cash flows from financing activities                           -5,121,320,126.09      -621,138,711.21

       IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash
           and cash equivalents                                              -77,279,521.03        -34,480,978.03

       V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                     -685,871,793.99        398,794,325.14
              Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the
                   beginning of the period                                 2,877,140,400.54     2,478,346,075.40

       VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of
           the period                                                      2,191,268,606.55     2,877,140,400.54




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    127
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


6.      CASH FLOW STATEMENT OF PARENT COMPANY

                                                                                                            Unit: RMB

        Item                                                                Note               2024               2023

        I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
             Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of services           4,211,123,563.02    1,197,739,510.98
             Tax rebates received                                                         27,690.77          260,000.00
             Cash received relating to other operating activities                    728,761,661.03      206,860,819.88
        Subtotal of cash inflows from operating activities                         4,939,912,914.82    1,404,860,330.86
             Cash paid for purchases of commodities and receipt of
               labor services                                                      3,287,617,324.61      557,455,615.24
             Cash paid to and for employees                                          310,923,213.98      277,737,144.41
             Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                       13,969,058.80       37,411,493.59
             Cash paid relating to other operating activities                      1,151,720,937.89      748,451,940.71
        Subtotal of cash outflow from operating activities                         4,764,230,535.28    1,621,056,193.95
        Net cash flows from operating activities                                     175,682,379.54     -216,195,863.09

        II.  Cash flow from investing activities:
             Cash received from recovery of investments
             Cash received from investment income                                  3,139,761,736.37    1,078,375,158.59
             Net cash received from disposals of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets                                          13,897.70        6,041,886.71
             Net cash received from disposals of subsidiaries and other
               operation units
             Cash received relating to other investing activities                  4,050,485,625.23    3,107,437,816.68
        Subtotal of cash inflows from investing activities                         7,190,261,259.30    4,191,854,861.98
             Cash paid for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets
               and other long-term assets                                             21,457,933.47      17,991,407.29
             Cash paid for investments                                               711,821,117.29     199,150,000.00
             Net cash paid for acquisition of subsidiaries and other
               operation units
             Cash paid relating to other investing activities                      5,046,966,052.52    3,079,091,268.27
        Subtotal of cash outflows from investing activities                        5,780,245,103.28    3,296,232,675.56
        Net cash flows from investing activities                                   1,410,016,156.02      895,622,186.42

        III. Cash flows from financing activities:
             Cash received from capital contribution                                                    168,802,080.00
             Cash received from borrowings
             Cash received relating to other financing activities                    155,555,939.00      77,368,590.43
        Subtotal of cash inflows from financing activities                           155,555,939.00     246,170,670.43
             Cash paid for repayment of borrowings
             Cash paid for distribution of dividends, profit or payment
               of interest expenses                                                 1,403,272,936.47    717,394,351.60
             Cash paid relating to other financing activities                         356,972,836.25    214,206,611.75
        Subtotal of cash outflows from financing activities                         1,760,245,772.72    931,600,963.35
        Net cash flows from financing activities                                   -1,604,689,833.72   -685,430,292.92

        IV. Effects of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and
            cash equivalents                                                            -736,869.69         490,815.77

        V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                             -19,728,167.85       -5,513,153.82
               Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the beginning
                    of the period                                                     78,796,769.09      84,309,922.91

        VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
            period                                                                    59,068,601.24      78,796,769.09




128   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


7.     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY

       Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                                   Attributable to the owners of the parent
                             Item                                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                             Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                         General risk Undistributed                                         Minority           Total
                                                               Share capital Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves    provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal          interests owners’ equity


       I. Closing balance of previous year             1,387,935,370.00                                                         2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99                 9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Business combination involving entities
                 under common control
               Others


       II. Opening balance for the year                       1,387,935,370.00                                                  2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99                 9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64


       III. Movements in the current period
            (Decreases expressed with “–”)                       -1,924,965.00                                                    -16,327,518.40 27,616,613.74 -26,250,775.08         2,963,155.48                                1,944,608,837.42            1,875,452,120.68 -1,896,986,536.19 -21,534,415.51
            (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                     -26,250,775.08                                                     3,347,881,773.89            3,321,630,998.81 1,793,954,113.73 5,115,585,112.54
            (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                reductions                                       -1,924,965.00                                                    -23,422,371.87 27,616,613.74                                                                                                  -52,963,950.61 -850,650,713.16 -903,614,663.77
               1. Ordinary shares contributed by
                  shareholders                                   -1,924,965.00                                                     -9,861,342.75                                                                                                                -11,786,307.75 -910,690,125.76 -922,476,433.51
               2. Capital contributions by holders of
                  other equity instruments
               3. Amount of share-based payment
                  included in shareholders’ equity                                                                                195,669,559.97                                                                                                                 195,669,559.97 38,682,800.25 234,352,360.22
               4. Others                                                                                                         -209,230,589.09 27,616,613.74                                                                                                  -236,847,202.83 21,356,612.35 -215,490,590.48
          (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47 -2,844,055,083.10 -4,247,328,019.57
               1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
               2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
               3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                          -1,403,272,936.47            -1,403,272,936.47 -2,844,055,083.10 -4,247,328,019.57
               4. Others
          (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
               1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                  from capital reserve
               2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                  from surplus reserve
               3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
               4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                  carried forward to retained earnings
               5. Other comprehensive income carried
                  forward to retained earnings
               6. Others
          (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                        2,963,155.48                                                                2,963,155.48 811,995.90 3,775,151.38
               1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                         86,854,043.85                                                               86,854,043.85 11,900,486.24 98,754,530.09
               2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                             83,890,888.37                                                               83,890,888.37 11,088,490.34 94,979,378.71
          (6) Others                                                                                                                7,094,853.47                                                                                                                  7,094,853.47 2,953,150.44 10,048,003.91


       IV. Closing balance for the period                     1,386,010,405.00                                                  2,099,080,199.65 264,243,096.35 200,747,044.66        9,282,792.01 724,682,309.99                11,300,066,951.67            15,455,626,606.63 3,918,898,104.50 19,374,524,711.13




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024                              129
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                                                                               Attributable to the owners of the parent
                            Item                                                                                                                                       Other
                                                                                         Other equity instruments                                    Less: comprehensive                                          General risk Undistributed                                        Minority           Total
                                                           Share capital Preference shares Perpetual debts          Others Capital reserve Treasury shares            income Special reserves Surplus reserves     provisions         profits     Others           Subtotal         interests owners’ equity


        I. Closing balance for previous year            1,362,725,370.00                                                    2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,124,550.56            11,518,257,281.54 4,760,507,749.70 16,278,765,031.24
           Add: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                                       116,160.71                   116,160.71 201,413.96 317,574.67
                Correction for error in previous period
                Business combination involving entities
                  under common control
                Others


        II. Opening balance for the year                  1,362,725,370.00                                                  2,074,168,605.49                   121,267,445.50                    711,971,309.99                7,248,240,711.27            11,518,373,442.25 4,760,709,163.66 16,279,082,605.91


        III. Movements in the current period
             (Decreases expressed with “–”)                  25,210,000.00                                                     41,239,112.56 236,626,482.61 105,730,374.24        6,319,636.53 12,711,000.00                   2,107,217,402.98            2,061,801,043.70 1,055,175,477.03 3,116,976,520.73
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                   105,730,374.24                                                     2,837,322,754.58            2,943,053,128.82 1,956,337,825.00 4,899,390,953.82
           (2) Owners’ contributions and capital reduction 25,210,000.00                                                      174,425,236.57 236,626,482.61                                                                                                  -36,991,246.04 95,452,420.55 58,461,174.51
                1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners 25,210,000.00                                                        142,284,040.00                                                                                                                 167,494,040.00 59,340,725.62 226,834,765.62
                2. Capital contributions by holders of other
                   equity instruments
                3. Amount of share-based payment
                   included in shareholders’ equity                                                                           156,045,669.25                                                                                                                 156,045,669.25 35,789,603.15 191,835,272.40
                4. Others                                                                                                    -123,904,472.68 236,626,482.61                                                                                                 -360,530,955.29 322,091.78 -360,208,863.51
           (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                                12,711,000.00                -730,105,351.60              -717,394,351.60 -997,671,098.94 -1,715,065,450.54
                1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                                              12,711,000.00                 -12,711,000.00
                2. Appropriations to general risk provisions
                3. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                       -717,394,351.60              -717,394,351.60 -997,671,098.94 -1,715,065,450.54
                4. Others
           (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from capital reserve
                2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                   from surplus reserve
                3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                4. Changing amount of defined benefit plan
                   carried forward to retained earnings
                5. Other comprehensive income carried
                   forward to retained earnings
                6. Others
           (5) Special reserves                                                                                                                                                   6,319,636.53                                                                 6,319,636.53        441,815.25 6,761,451.78
                1. Provided during the period                                                                                                                                    69,325,350.93                                                                69,325,350.93      2,819,063.66 72,144,414.59
                2. Used during the period                                                                                                                                        63,005,714.40                                                                63,005,714.40      2,377,248.41 65,382,962.81
           (6) Others                                                                                                        -133,186,124.01                                                                                                                -133,186,124.01        614,515.17 -132,571,608.84


        IV. Closing balance for the period                1,387,935,370.00                                                  2,115,407,718.05 236,626,482.61 226,997,819.74        6,319,636.53 724,682,309.99                  9,355,458,114.25            13,580,174,485.95 5,815,884,640.69 19,396,059,126.64




130   Annual Report 2024
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


8.     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN OWNERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY

       Amount for current period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                2024
                                                                                  Other equity instruments                                               Other
                            Item
                                                         Share capital     Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                       Total
                                                                               shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits      Others owners’ equity

       I. Closing balance in previous year             1,387,935,370.00                                           2,352,730,955.68 236,626,482.61    1,507,133.78                 694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24           9,490,393,117.09
          Add: Changes in accounting policies
               Correction for error in previous period
               Others

       II. Opening balance for the year                1,387,935,370.00                                           2,352,730,955.68 236,626,482.61    1,507,133.78                 694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24           9,490,393,117.09

       III. Movements in the current period
             (Decreases expressed with “–”)                -1,924,965.00                                            34,500,263.05 27,616,613.74 -31,851,738.42                                   1,441,883,468.94           1,414,990,414.83
            (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                      -31,851,738.42                                   2,845,156,405.41           2,813,304,666.99
            (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                reductions                                 -1,924,965.00                                            36,617,040.73 27,616,613.74                                                                                 7,075,461.99
                 1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners -1,924,965.00                                             -9,861,342.75                                                                                             -11,786,307.75
                 2. Capital contributions by holders of
                    other equity instruments                                                                                 0.00                                                                                                       0.00
                 3. Amount of share-based payment
                    included in shareholders’ equity                                                                234,352,360.22                                                                                             234,352,360.22
                 4. Others                                                                                         -187,873,976.74 27,616,613.74                                                                              -215,490,590.48
            (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                              -1,403,272,936.47          -1,403,272,936.47
                 1. Appropriations to surplus reserve
                 2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                        -1,403,272,936.47          -1,403,272,936.47
                 3. Others
            (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                 1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from capital reserve
                 2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                    from surplus reserve
                 3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                 4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                    plan carried forward to retained
                    earnings
                 5. Other comprehensive income carried
                    forward to retained earnings
                 6. Others
            (5) Special reserves
                 1. Provided during the period
                 2. Used during the period
            (6) Others                                                                                               -2,116,777.68                                                                                             -2,116,777.68

       IV. Closing balance for the period              1,386,010,405.00                                           2,387,231,218.73 264,243,096.35 -30,344,604.64                  694,073,685.00 6,732,655,924.18           10,905,383,531.92




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024              131
Financial Statements
The units of the statements in the financial notes are: RMB


        Amount for previous period

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Unit: RMB

                                                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                   Other equity instruments                                               Other
                             Item
                                                          Share capital     Preference         Perpetual                                     Less: comprehensive                                  Undistributed                      Total
                                                                                shares             debts    Others Capital reserve Treasury shares       income Special reserves Surplus reserves        profits     Others owners’ equity

        I. Closing balance in previous year             1,362,725,370.00                                           2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95          9,305,394,596.94
           Add: Changes in accounting policies
                Correction for error in previous period
                Others

        II. Opening balance for the year                1,362,725,370.00                                           2,276,770,725.22                  -1,699,624.23                 681,362,685.00 4,986,235,440.95          9,305,394,596.94

        III. Movements in the current period
              (Decreases expressed with “–”)                25,210,000.00                                            75,960,230.46 236,626,482.61     3,206,758.01                  12,711,000.00 304,537,014.29              184,998,520.15
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                           3,206,758.01                                1,034,642,365.89          1,037,849,123.90
             (2) Owners’ contributions and capital
                 reductions                                 25,210,000.00                                           210,540,696.27 236,626,482.61                                                                               -875,786.34
                  1. Ordinary shares contributed by owners 25,210,000.00                                            142,284,040.00                                                                                           167,494,040.00
                  2. Capital contributions by holders of
                     other equity instruments
                  3. Amount of share-based payment
                     included in shareholders’ equity                                                                191,835,272.39                                                                                           191,835,272.39
                  4. Others                                                                                         -123,578,616.12 236,626,482.61                                                                           -360,205,098.73
             (3) Profit Distribution                                                                                                                                                12,711,000.00 -730,105,351.60            -717,394,351.60
                  1. Appropriations to surplus reserve                                                                                                                              12,711,000.00 -12,711,000.00
                  2. Distribution to owners (shareholders)                                                                                                                                        -717,394,351.60            -717,394,351.60
                  3. Others
             (4) Transfer of owners’ equity
                  1. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from capital reserve
                  2. Transfer to capital (or share capital)
                     from surplus reserve
                  3. Surplus reserves for making up losses
                  4. Changing amount of defined benefit
                     plan carried forward to retained
                     earnings
                  5. Other comprehensive income carried
                     forward to retained earnings
                  6. Others
             (5) Special reserves
                  1. Provided during the period
                  2. Used during the period
             (6) Others                                                                                             -134,580,465.81                                                                                          -134,580,465.81

        IV. Closing balance for the period              1,387,935,370.00                                           2,352,730,955.68 236,626,482.61    1,507,133.78                 694,073,685.00 5,290,772,455.24          9,490,393,117.09




132   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


I.     COMPANY PROFILE

       Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”, the “Group” when
       including subsidiaries), formerly known as Guangdong Shunde Pearl River Factory (廣東順德珠江冰箱
       廠), was established in 1984, with its place of registration and head office address at No. 8 Ronggang Road,
       Ronggui Street, Shunde District, Foshan City, Guangdong Province. The Company’s 459,589,808 overseas
       listed public shares (the “H Shares”) were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 23 July
       1996. In 1998, the Company obtained the approval to issue 110,000,000 domestic shares (the “A Shares”),
       which were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 13 July 1999.

       In accordance with the Industrial Classification for National Economic Activities (2017) issued by the
       National Bureau of Statistics, the Company belongs to “C3851 Manufacturer of household refrigeration
       appliances”, which is principally engaged in the research and development, manufacturing, marketing and
       service business of HVAC, refrigerators, freezers, washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-
       conditioning compressors, automotive integrated thermal management systems and other products, and
       provides the full-scenario smart home solutions. The main products include HVAC, refrigerators, freezers,
       washing machines, kitchen appliances, automotive air-conditioning compressors, automotive integrated
       thermal management systems, etc.

       The financial statements were approved for publication by the Board of the Company on 28 March 2025.

II.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.    Basis of preparation

             The financial statements of the Group are prepared based on actual transactions and events according
             to the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises” and its application guidelines, interpretations
             and other relevant regulations (hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Accounting Standards for
             Business Enterprises”) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the “Preparation Rules for Information
             Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 15 – General Provisions on Financial
             R e p o rts” (R ev is ed in 2023) a n d re le va nt provis ions is s ue d by the C hina Se c uritie s R e gulat or y
             Commission (“CSRC”), as well as the relevant disclosure provisions required by the “Companies
             Ordinance” of Hong Kong and the “Listing Rules” of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

       2.    Going-concern

             The Group has evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern for twelve months as of 31
             December 2024, and has found no events or circumstances that cast significant doubt on its ability to
             continue as a going concern. The financial statements are presented on a going concern basis.

III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

       Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates: The accounting policies and accounting estimates
       developed by the Group according to characteristics of actual production and operation include bad debts
       provision for receivables, provision for decline in value of inventories, depreciation of fixed assets,
       amortization of intangible assets, conditions for capitalizing R&D expenses, recognition and measurement of
       incomes, etc.

       1.    Declaration on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business

             These financial statements give a true, accurate and complete view of the financial position as at 31
             December 2024, operation results, cash flows and other information for 2024 of the Company and the
             Group in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   133
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         2.       Accounting period

                  The Group adopts the calendar year, being the period from 1 January to 31 December, as its accounting
                  period.

         3.       Business cycle

                  The Group adopts a 12-month period as its business cycle and the basis for liquidity classification
                  between assets and liabilities.

         4.       Reporting currency

                  The Company and its domestic subsidiaries adopt RMB as their reporting currencies. The overseas
                  subsidiaries of the Group shall determine their respective reporting currencies depending on the
                  primary economic environment where they operate. The Group converts other currencies into RMB in
                  preparing the financial statements according to the methods described in Section III. 10.

         5.       Method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria

                  The Group follows the principle of materiality in the preparation and disclosure of its financial
                  statements. The matters disclosed in the notes to the financial statements that involve judgements about
                  materiality criteria and the method for determination and basis for selection of materiality criteria are
                  set out as follows:


                                                    Disclosure sections
                                                       of matters in
                  Disclosures involving                 the notes to
                  judgements about                     the financial    Method for determination and basis for
                  materiality criteria                   statements     selection of materiality criteria

                  Accounts receivable/other            V. 4. (4);      Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net
                   receivables of significance         V. 7.2. (5)       assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
                   during the Year                                       company
                  Significant accounts payable/        V. 28. (2);     Individual amount accounts for 0.5% of the net
                    contract liabilities/other         V. 30. (2);       assets attributable to shareholders of the listed
                    payables with an ageing of         V. 33.2. (2)      company
                    over one year or overdue
                  Significant cash received/            V. 65. (2)     I n d i v i d u a l a m o u n t a c c o u n t s f o r 5% o f c a s h
                    paid in relation to investing                         inflow/outflow from/to investing activities of
                    activities                                            listed companies
                  Important overseas business           V. 67. (2)     Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                    entities                                             and with their net assets accounting for over
                                                                         0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net assets
                  Main components of the               VIII. 1. (1)    Subsidiaries with normal business operations
                   enterprise group                                      and with their net assets accounting for over
                                                                         0.5% of the Group’s consolidated net assets
                  Important non-wholly-owned           VIII. 1. (2)    Subsidiaries with their net assets accounting
                    subsidiaries                                         for over 15% of the Group’s consolidated net
                                                                         assets




134    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       6.    Accounting treatment for business combinations involving entities under and not under common
             control

             (1)    Business combinations involving entities under common control

                    A business combination under common control means that the entities involved in the
                    combination are under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                    combination and that such control is not temporary.

                    The assets and liabilities obtained by the Group as the merging party in a business combination
                    under common control are measured at the combination-date carrying amount of the merged
                    party in the consolidated statements of the ultimate controller. The difference between the
                    carrying amount of net assets obtained and the carrying amount of the combination consideration
                    paid (or the total par value of the issued shares) shall be adjusted in capital reserve; if the
                    capital reserve is not sufficient for offsetting, the retained earnings shall be adjusted.

             (2)    Business combinations involving entities not under common control

                    A business combination not under common control means that the parties involved in the
                    combination are not under the ultimate control of the same party or parties before and after the
                    combination.

                    The acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities obtained by the Group
                    as an acquirer in a business combination not under common control shall be measured at fair
                    value on the acquisition date. Where the cost of combination exceeds the acquirer’s share of
                    the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets, the difference is recognised as goodwill;
                    where the cost of combination is less than the acquirer’s share of the fair value of the acquiree’s
                    identifiable net assets, the fair values of all the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                    liabilities obtained in the business combination and the cost of combination shall be firstly
                    reviewed. If, after that review, the cost of combination is still less than the acquirer’s share of
                    the fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets in the business combination, the difference
                    shall be included in the consolidated non-operating revenue for the period.

       7.    Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements

             The consolidation scope of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is determined based on
             control, including the Company and all subsidiaries controlled by the Company (including the divisible
             parts of enterprises and investees, as well as structured entities controlled by enterprises). The standard
             for judging control by the Group is that the Group has the power over the investee, enjoys variable
             returns through participating in related activities of the investee, and is able to use the power over the
             investee to influence its return amount.

             When preparing the consolidated financial statements, when the accounting policy or the accounting
             period that subsidiaries adopted are inconsistent with the Company, necessary adjustments are made to
             the financial statements of those subsidiaries according to the accounting policy or accounting period
             of the Company.

             The impact of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between subsidiaries
             on the consolidated financial statements shall be offset at the time of consolidation. Proportion of
             shareholder’s equity of the subsidiaries which do not belong to the Company, and proportion of
             profit or loss for current period, other comprehensive income and total comprehensive income which
             belong to the equity of minority shareholders shall be listed under “equity of minority shareholders,
             gain or loss attributable to minority interests, other comprehensive income attributable to minority
             shareholders and total comprehensive income attributable to minority shareholders” in the consolidated
             financial statements.


                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   135
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         7.       Criteria for determining control and preparation of consolidated financial statements (continued)

                  For subsidiaries acquired through business combination under common control, the operating results
                  and cash flows of the acquiree shall be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements since the
                  beginning of the period of combination. When preparing comparative consolidated financial statements,
                  adjustment shall be made to the related items in the financial statements for the last year, regarding
                  as the reporting subject which was formed after combination has existed since the ultimate controller
                  started control.

                  For subsidiaries acquired through business combination not under common control, its operating results
                  and cash flows shall be included in the consolidated financial statements since the Group obtained
                  its control. When preparing consolidated financial statements, adjustment shall be made to financial
                  statements of the subsidiaries using the fair values of each identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                  liabilities as basis, which were determined on date of acquisition.

         8.       Classification of joint arrangements and accounting treatment for joint operations

                  Joint arrangements of the Group include joint operation and joint venture. Joint operation refers to a
                  joint arrangement in which the joint venturers enjoy the assets and assume the liabilities associated
                  with the arrangement. Joint venture refers to a joint arrangement in which the joint venturers only have
                  rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

                  As for joint operation projects, the Group, as the joint venture party in the joint operation, recognises
                  assets and liabilities that it holds and assumes individually, and the assets and liabilities that it holds
                  or assume in proportion, and related income and fees will be recognized according to the related
                  agreed individual or in proportion assets and liabilities. For assets transactions that are purchased or
                  sold under joint operation that do not constitute business, only the profit or loss incurred from that
                  transaction attributable to the other parties under the joint operation is recognized.

         9.       Cash and cash equivalents

                  Cash in the cash flow statement of the Group represents the cash on hand and the deposit in bank
                  available for payment at any time. Cash equivalents in the cash flow statement represent investments
                  which are held for less than three months, highly liquid and are readily convertible to known amounts
                  of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of value change.

         10.      Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                 (1)        Foreign currency transactions

                            When foreign currency transactions of the Group are initially recognised, the amount in
                            foreign currency shall be translated into the reporting currency at the approximate exchange
                            rate of the spot exchange rate on the date when the transactions take place. As at the balance
                            sheet date, foreign currency monetary items are translated into the reporting currency using
                            the spot exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation differences arising thereon are
                            directly included in the profit or loss for the period, except that exchange differences arising
                            from specific borrowings in foreign currency attributable to the construction or production of a
                            qualifying asset for capitalisation are dealt with based on the capitalisation principle. Foreign
                            currency non-monetary items measured at historical cost are still translated using the spot
                            exchange rate on the transaction date, without changing their reporting currency amount. Foreign
                            currency non-monetary items measured at fair value are translated using the spot exchange
                            rate on the date of fair value determination. The difference between the translated amount in
                            reporting currency and the original amount in reporting currency is treated as changes in fair
                            value (including exchange rate changes) and included in the profit or loss for current period.
                            The capital from investors in foreign currency is translated using the spot exchange rate on the
                            transaction date, and there is no foreign currency capital translation difference between the
                            foreign currency investment and the reporting currency amount of corresponding monetary item.
136    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       10.   Foreign currency transactions and translation of financial statements in foreign currency
             (continued)

             (2)   Translation of financial statements in foreign currency

                    When preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Group translates the financial
                    statements on overseas operations into RMB, in which, asset and liability items in the balance
                    sheet denominated in foreign currency are translated at the spot exchange rate prevailing on
                    the balance sheet date; the owners’ equity items, except for the “undistributed profits”, are
                    translated at the spot exchange rate when a business takes place; income and expense items in
                    the income statement are translated at the spot exchange rate or approximate exchange rate on
                    the date when the transaction takes place. The translation differences arising from the above
                    translation of statements denominated in foreign currency are presented in other comprehensive
                    income item. Cash flows dominated in foreign currency are translated using the spot exchange
                    rate or approximate exchange rate on the date when the cash flow occurs. Effects on cash arising
                    from the changes in exchange rate are presented separately in the cash flow statement.

       11.   Financial instruments

             (1)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

                    The Group recognises a financial asset or a financial liability when it becomes a party to the
                    contractual provisions of a financial instrument.

                    A financial asset (or part of a financial asset, or part of a group of similar financial assets)
                    shall be derecognised, i.e., the financial assets previously recognised to be written off from its
                    balance sheet, if the following conditions are satisfied: 1) the right to collect cash flows from
                    the financial asset expires; 2) the Group has transferred the right to collect cash flows from
                    the financial asset, or assumed the obligation under a “transfer agreement” to timely pay the
                    collected cash flows to a third party in full; and the Group has substantially transferred almost
                    all the risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset, or relinquished control over such
                    financial asset even though it has neither substantially transferred nor retained almost all the
                    risks and rewards on ownership of the financial asset.

                    If the obligation for financial liabilities has been fulfilled, revoked or expired, the financial
                    liabilities shall be derecognised. If the existing financial liability is replaced by another
                    financial liability with substantially different terms by the same creditor, or if the terms of the
                    existing liability are substantially modified, such replacement or modification shall be treated
                    as derecognition of original liability and recognition of new liability, and the difference shall be
                    included in the profit or loss for current period.

                    The financial assets acquired or sold in a conventional manner shall be recognised and
                    derecognised according to the accounting on the transaction date.

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets

                    At the time of initial recognition, the Group classifies financial assets into financial assets at
                    amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
                    assets at fair value through profit or loss based on its business model for managing the financial
                    assets and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. All affected related
                    financial assets will be reclassified only when the Group changes its business model for
                    managing financial assets.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   137
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (2)        Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                            When judging the business model, the Group considers the methods of enterprise evaluation and
                            reporting financial asset performance to key management personnel, the risks affecting financial
                            asset performance and their management methods, as well as the compensation obtainment
                            methods of relevant business management personnel. When evaluating whether to target the
                            collection of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to analyse and judge the reason, time,
                            frequency and value of the sale of financial assets before their maturity date.

                            When judging the characteristics of contractual cash flow, the Group needs to determine
                            whether the contractual cash flow is only for the payment of principal and interest based on
                            unpaid principal. When evaluating the correction of the time value of money, it is necessary
                            to judge whether there is a significant difference compared to the benchmark cash flow. For
                            financial assets with prepayment characteristics, it is necessary to judge whether the fair value
                            of prepayment characteristics is very low.

                            F i n a n c i a l a s s e t s a r e m e a s u r e d a t f a i r v a l u e u p o n i n i t i a l r e c o g n i t i o n, b u t i f t h e a c c o u n t s
                            receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale of goods or provision of services do not
                            include significant financing components or do not consider financing components for a period
                            not exceeding one year, they are initially measured at the transaction price.

                            As for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, relevant transaction costs are
                            directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for other kinds of financial assets, relevant
                            transaction costs are included in their initial recognition amount.

                            The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification:

                            1)         Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                                       Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                                       financial assets measured at amortised cost: ① the financial assets are managed within a
                                       business model whose objective is achieved by collecting contractual cash flow; and ②
                                       the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that
                                       are solely the payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
                                       The Group’s financial assets in this category mainly include: currency funds, accounts
                                       receivable, notes receivable, other receivables, etc.

                            2)         Investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                                       Financial assets that simultaneously meet the following conditions are classified as
                                       financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income: ① the financial assets
                                       are managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting
                                       contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the
                                       financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                                       principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The interest income on such
                                       financial assets is recognised using the effective interest method. Except for interest
                                       income, impairment losses and exchange differences, other changes in fair value are
                                       recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition of the financial assets,
                                       the cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income
                                       shall be transferred out and be included in the profit or loss for the period. The Group’s
                                       financial assets in this category mainly include: receivables financing.




138    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (2)   Classification and measurement of financial assets (continued)

                    3)     Investments in equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

                           The Group irrevocably designates part of the investments in equity instruments not held
                           for trading as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Such
                           designation cannot be revoked once made. The Group only recognises relevant dividend
                           income (except for dividend income that is clearly recovered as part of the investment
                           cost) in profit or loss for the period, and subsequent changes in fair value are included
                           in other comprehensive income without making the provision for impairment. Upon
                           derecognition of the financial assets, the cumulative gains or losses previously included
                           in other comprehensive income shall be transferred out and be included in retained
                           earnings. The Group’s financial assets in this category are investments in other equity
                           instruments.

                    4)     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                           Other than the above financial assets classified as financial assets measured at amortised
                           cost and those classified or designated as financial assets at fair value through other
                           comprehensive income, the Group classifies its financial assets as financial assets at
                           fair value through profit or loss for the period. Such financial assets are subsequently
                           measured at fair value, with all changes in fair value included in profit or loss for the
                           period except for those related to hedge accounting. The Group’s financial assets in this
                           category mainly include: financial assets held for trading.

             (3)   Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities

                    Except for the signed financial guarantee contracts, the loan commitments at a rate lower
                    than the market interest rate, and financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which
                    the transfer does not meet the conditions for derecognition or continuing involvements in the
                    transferred financial assets, the Group classifies its financial liabilities as financial liabilities at
                    fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at amortised cost at the time
                    of initial recognition. As for financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, relevant
                    transaction costs are directly included in profit or loss for the period; as for financial liabilities
                    measured at amortised cost, relevant transaction costs are included in their initial recognition
                    amount.

                    The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification:

                    1)     Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                           Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost are recognised using the effective interest
                           method and subsequently measured at amortised cost.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   139
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (3)        Classification, recognition and measurement of financial liabilities (continued)

                            2)     Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                                   Financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that are financial liabilities)
                                   at fair value through profit or loss include held-for-trading financial liabilities and
                                   financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or loss at initial
                                   recognition. Held-for-trading financial liabilities (includes derivative instruments that
                                   are financial liabilities) are subsequently measured at fair value, with all changes in
                                   fair value included in profit or loss for the period, except for those related to hedge
                                   accounting. Financial liabilities designated as measured at fair value through profit or
                                   loss are subsequently measured at fair value, with other changes in fair value included
                                   in profit or loss for the period, except that the changes in fair value arising from changes
                                   in the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other comprehensive income. If fair
                                   value changes caused by changes in the Group’s own credit risk are recognised in other
                                   comprehensive income, which would result in or amplify an accounting mismatch in
                                   profit or loss, the Group will recognise all fair value changes (including the amount
                                   affected by changes in its own credit risk) in the profit or loss for current period.

                 (4)        Impairment of financial instruments

                            Based on expected credit losses, the Group conducts impairment treatment and recognises
                            loss provisions for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt investments measured
                            at fair value with changes recognised in other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease
                            receivables, loan commitments, and financial guarantee contracts.

                            1)     Measurement of the expected credit losses

                                   Expected credit loss refers to the weighted average of credit losses of financial
                                   instruments weighted by the risk of default. Credit loss refers to the present value of all
                                   cash shortages, which is the difference between all contractual cash flows receivable
                                   under the contract and all expected cash flows received, discounted at the original
                                   effective interest rate by the Group.

                                   The expected credit loss throughout the expected lifespan refers to the expected credit
                                   loss caused by all possible default events that may occur during the expected lifespan
                                   of a financial instrument. Expected credit loss within the next 12 months refers to the
                                   expected credit loss that may occur due to a financial instrument default event within 12
                                   months after the balance sheet date (if the expected duration of the financial instrument is
                                   less than 12 months, it is the expected duration), and is a part of the expected credit loss
                                   for the entire duration.

                                   For accounts receivable, notes receivable, receivables financing, contract assets, other
                                   receivables, etc. that do not contain a significant financing component and are generated
                                   from ordinary operating activities, such as sales of goods and rendering of services, the
                                   Company applies a simplified measurement methodology to measure the provision for
                                   losses at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the entire duration.

                                   F o r l e a s e r e c e i v a b l e s, r e c e i v a b l e s a n d c o n t r a c t a s s e t s w i t h s i g n i f i c a n t f i n a n c i n g
                                   components, the Company elects to apply a simplified measurement methodology to
                                   measure the provision for losses at an amount equal to the expected credit losses over the
                                   entire duration.




140    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                    1)    Measurement of the expected credit losses (continued)

                          Except for financial assets that adopt simplified measurement methods as mentioned
                          above (such as debt investments, other debt investments and other receivables), the
                          Group adopts the general method (three-stage method) to calculate expected credit losses.
                          On each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether its credit risk has significantly
                          increased since initial recognition. If the credit risk has not significantly increased since
                          initial recognition and is in the first stage, the Group measures the provision for losses
                          based on an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the next 12 months, and
                          calculates interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit
                          risk has significantly increased since initial recognition but credit impairment has not
                          yet occurred, in the second stage, the Group measures loss provisions at an amount
                          equivalent to the expected credit loss over the entire existence period, and calculates
                          interest income based on the book balance and actual interest rate. If credit impairment
                          occurs after initial recognition, in the third stage, the Group measures the provision for
                          losses at an amount equivalent to the expected credit loss for the entire existence period,
                          and calculates interest income at amortized cost and actual interest rate.

                          For financial instruments with lower credit risk on the balance sheet date, the Group
                          assumes that their credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition.
                          Please refer to Note X. 1 for the disclosure of the criteria for significantly increasing
                          credit risk and the definition of credit impairment assets that have occurred in the Group.

                          When assessing the impairment of financial instruments and contract assets using the
                          expected credit loss model, the Group infers expected changes in the debtor’s credit risk
                          based on historical repayment data combined with economic policies, macroeconomic
                          indicators, industry risks, and other factors. Different estimates may affect the provision
                          for impairment, and the accrued provision for impairment may not be equal to the actual
                          amount of future impairment losses.

                    2)    Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                          credit risk characteristics

                          The Group evaluates the expected credit losses of financial instruments based on
                          individual and combination. When evaluating on a combination basis, the Group divides
                          financial instruments into different groups based on common credit risk characteristics.
                          T h e c o m m o n c r e d i t r i s k c h a r a c t e r i s t i c s a d o p t e d b y t h e G r o u p i n c l u d e: f i n a n c i a l
                          instrument type, credit risk rating, debtor’s geographical location, debtor’s industry,
                          overdue information, ageing of accounts receivable, etc.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      141
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (4)        Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                            2)    Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                                  credit risk characteristics (continued)

                                  ①      Combination categories and determination basis of accounts receivable and
                                         contract assets

                                         Based on information such as the ageing of accounts receivable and contract
                                         assets, overdue ageing, nature of accounts, credit risk exposure, and historical
                                         collection status, the Group classifies them as follows according to the similarity
                                         and correlation of credit risk characteristics:


                                         Item                            Basis for determination of groups

                                         Ageing group                    This group uses the ageing of receivables as the
                                                                           credit risk characteristics
                                         Receivables from                This group is based on receivables from related
                                           related parties                 parties
                                         Other receivables               This group is based on accounts receivable from
                                                                           special business


                                  ②      Combination categories and determination basis of notes receivable

                                         Based on the common risk characteristics of the acceptor credit risk of notes
                                         receivable, the Group classifies them into different combinations and determines
                                         the accounting estimate policy for expected credit losses as follows:


                                         Item                            Basis for determination of groups

                                         Bank acceptance notes           Acceptor being a bank with less credit risk. The
                                                                         Group identifies these receivables as having a low
                                                                         credit risk and does not recognise their expected
                                                                         credit losses
                                         Commercial acceptance notes     Based on the credit risk of the acceptor (same as
                                                                         accounts receivable)




142    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (4)   Impairment of financial instruments (continued)

                    2)    Combination categories and determination criteria for impairment provision based on
                          credit risk characteristics (continued)

                          ③      Grouping of other receivables and basis of determination

                                 The Group’s other receivables mainly include deposits and guarantee deposits
                                 receivable, amounts due from related parties. Based on the nature of receivables
                                 and the credit risk characteristics of different counterparties, other than other
                                 receivables which are individually assessed for credit risk, they are categorised
                                 into different portfolios based on their credit risk characteristics:


                                 Item                             Basis for determination of groups

                                 Ageing group                     This group uses the ageing of other receivables as
                                                                    the credit risk characteristics
                                 Receivables from related         This group is based on other receivables from
                                   parties                          related parties
                                 Other receivables                This group is based on other receivables from
                                                                    special business


                    3)    Criteria for judging individual provision for bad debt impairment provision

                          If a customer’s credit risk features are significantly different from others in the portfolio
                          or have significantly changed, for example, the customer is in severe financial difficulty,
                          the expected credit loss rate of the receivables from the customer has been significantly
                          higher than the expected credit loss rate of the customer’s ageing and overdue ranges,
                          etc., the Group makes a provision for loss on the basis of a single loss provision for the
                          receivables from the customer.

                    4)    Write-off of impairment provision

                          When the Group no longer has a reasonable expectation that it will be able to recover,
                          in whole or in part, the contractual cash flows from a financial asset, the Group directly
                          writes down the carrying amount of the financial asset. If the written-down financial asset
                          is subsequently recovered, the reversal of the impairment loss is recognised in profit or
                          loss in the period in which it is recovered.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   143
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         11.      Financial instruments (continued)

                 (5)        Recognition and measurement of transfer of financial assets

                            For financial asset transfer transactions, if the Group has transferred almost all the risks and
                            rewards of ownership of the financial asset to the transferee, the recognition of the financial asset
                            shall be terminated. If almost all risks and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets
                            are retained, the recognition of such financial assets shall not be terminated; If almost all risks
                            and rewards related to the ownership of financial assets have not been transferred or retained,
                            and control over the financial asset has been relinquished, the recognition of the financial asset
                            and the recognition of the resulting assets and liabilities shall be terminated. If control over
                            the financial asset has not been relinquished, relevant financial asset shall be recognised based
                            on its continued involvement in the transferred financial assets, with corresponding liabilities
                            recognised.

                            If the whole transfer of the financial asset meets the conditions for derecognition, the difference
                            between the carrying amount of the transferred financial asset at the date of derecognition and
                            the sum of the consideration received for the transfer and the accumulative amount of fair value
                            changes originally recorded into other comprehensive income which is relevant to the portion of
                            derecognition (the transferred financial asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the
                            Group’s financial assets are managed within a business model whose objective is achieved both
                            by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of
                            the financial assets give rise on specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                            and interest on the principal amount outstanding.) is included in the profit or loss for the period.

                            If the transfer of financial asset partially satisfies the conditions of derecognition, the entire
                            carrying amount of the transferred financial asset is, between the portion which is derecognised
                            and the portion which is not, apportioned according to their respective relative fair value,
                            and the difference between the sum of the consideration received from the transfer and the
                            accumulative amount of the changes of the fair value originally included in other comprehensive
                            income which shall be apportioned to the derecognised portion (the transferred financial
                            asset shall meet all of the following conditions: ① the Group’s financial assets are managed
                            within a business model whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows
                            and selling financial assets; and ② the contractual terms of the financial assets give rise on
                            specific dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal
                            amount outstanding), and the apportioned entire carrying amount of the said financial assets are
                            included in the profit or loss for the period.

                            For those who continue to be involved by providing financial guarantees for the transferred
                            financial assets, the assets formed by further involvement shall be recognised based on the lower
                            of the book value of the financial assets and the amount of financial guarantees. The financial
                            guarantee amount refers to the highest amount of consideration received that will be required to
                            be repaid.




144    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       11.   Financial instruments (continued)

             (6)   Classification and treatment of financial liabilities and equity instruments

                    The Group classifies financial liabilities and equity instruments on the following principles:
                    (1) Where the Group is unable to unconditionally avoid delivering cash or another financial
                    asset to fulfil a contractual obligation, the contractual obligation meets the definition of a
                    financial liability. Although some financial instruments do not explicitly include the terms
                    and conditions imposing the contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset,
                    they may indirectly give rise to the contractual obligation through other terms and conditions.
                    (2) Where a financial instrument will or may be settled in the Group’s own equity instrument,
                    consideration shall be given to whether the Group’s own equity instrument as used to settle the
                    instrument is a substitute of cash or another financial asset or the residual interest in the assets
                    of an entity after deducting all of its liabilities. In the former case, the instrument shall be the
                    issuer’s financial liability; in the latter case, the instrument shall be the equity instrument of
                    the issuer. Under certain circumstances whereby a financial instrument contract stipulates that
                    the Group will or may use its own equity instrument to settle the financial instrument, and the
                    amount of the contractual right or obligation equal to the number of its own equity instruments
                    to be received or delivered multiplied by their fair value at the time of settlement, the contract
                    shall be classified as a financial liability, regardless of whether the amount of the contractual
                    right or obligation is fixed, or fluctuates in full or in partly in response to changes in a variable
                    other than the market price of the Group’s own equity instruments (for example an interest rate,
                    a commodity price or a financial instrument price).

                    When classifying a financial instrument (or a component thereof) in consolidated financial
                    statements, the Group shall consider all terms and conditions agreed between members of the
                    Group and the holders of the financial instrument. If the Group as a whole has an obligation
                    in respect of the instrument to settle it by delivering cash or another financial asset or in such
                    a way that it would be a financial liability, such instrument shall be classified as a financial
                    liability.

             (7)   Derivative financial instruments

                    The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as foreign exchange forward contracts,
                    commodity forward contracts, and interest rate swaps, to hedge exchange rate risk, commodity
                    price risk, and interest rate risk, respectively. Derivative financial instruments are initially
                    measured at their fair value on the date of signing the derivative transaction contract, and
                    subsequently measured at their fair value. Derivative financial instruments with a positive fair
                    value are recognised as an asset, while those with a negative fair value are recognised as a
                    liability.

                    Except for those related to hedge accounting, gains or losses arising from changes in fair value
                    of derivative instruments are directly included in the profit or loss for current period.

             (8)   Offsetting of financial assets and financial liabilities

                    Financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group shall be presented separately in the
                    balance sheet and shall not be offset. However, when all of the following conditions are met,
                    a financial asset and a financial liability shall be offset and the net amount is presented in
                    the balance sheet: ① the Group has a legal right that is currently enforceable to set off the
                    recognised amount, and ② the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the
                    financial asset and settle the financial liability simultaneously.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   145
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         12.      Inventories

                  The Group’s inventories mainly include raw materials, work in progress, finished goods, etc.

                  Inventories are initially measured at cost. Inventory costs include purchase costs, processing costs
                  and other costs. The Group maintains a perpetual inventory system. Actual cost is calculated using
                  weighted average method when the inventories are received or delivered. Low-value consumables and
                  packaged goods are amortised using one-time resale method.

                  Inventories are measured at the lower of their cost and net realisable value on the balance sheet date.
                  If the cost of inventories is higher than their net realisable value, a provision for decline in value of
                  inventories will be made and included in profit or loss for the period. Net realisable value refers to the
                  estimated selling price of inventories in daily activities, minus the estimated costs to be incurred till
                  completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

                  The Group makes provisions for decline in value of inventories on the basis of individual inventory
                  items. Net realisable value of the inventories of goods directly used for sale, such as finished goods,
                  work in process and materials for sale, is determined by the estimated selling price of such inventories,
                  minus the estimated selling expenses and related taxes; net realisable value of the inventories of
                  materials held for production is determined by the estimated selling price of finished goods produced,
                  minus the estimated costs to be incurred till completion, estimated selling expenses and related taxes.

         13.      Contract assets and contract liabilities

                 (1)        Contract assets

                            A contract asset represents the Group’s right, which depends on factors other than the passage
                            of time, to receive consideration in exchange for goods that the Group has transferred to a
                            customer. For method of determination and accounting treatment of expected credit loss of
                            contract assets, please refer to relevant contents in “Note III. 11. (4) Impairment of financial
                            instruments” described above.

                 (2)        Contract liabilities

                            A contract liability reflects the Group’s obligation to transfer goods to a customer for which the
                            Company has received or should receive consideration from the customer.

                            Contract assets and contract liabilities under the same contract are shown on a net basis.




146    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       14.   Assets relating to contract costs

             (1)   Method of determination of amount of assets relating to contract costs

                    The Group’s assets relating to contract costs include contract performance cost and contract
                    acquisition cost. According to the liquidity, contract performance costs are presented separately
                    in inventory and other non-current assets, while contract acquisition costs are presented
                    separately in other current assets and other non-current assets.

                    Contract performance cost refers to the cost incurred by the Group to perform a contract which
                    does not fall under the scope of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, such as
                    inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and meets all of the following conditions, which
                    is recognised as an asset as contract performance cost: the costs relate directly to an existing
                    contract or to a specifically identifiable anticipated contract, including direct labour, direct
                    materials, manufacturing costs (or similar costs), costs that are explicitly chargeable to the
                    customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group entered into the contract; the
                    costs generate resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in
                    the future; the costs are expected to be recovered.

                    Contract acquisition cost refers to the incremental cost for the Group to obtain a contract which
                    is expected to be recoverable and which is recognised as an asset as contract acquisition cost. If
                    the amortisation period of such asset is no more than one year, the Group chooses the simplified
                    treatment of including such contract acquisition cost in profit or loss as incurred. Incremental
                    cost refers to the cost which will not be incurred by the Group had no contract been acquired
                    (such as commission, etc.). Other expenses incurred by the Group to obtain contracts (other than
                    the incremental cost which is expected to be recoverable) (such as travelling expenses which
                    will be incurred regardless of whether the contract will be obtained) are included in profit or
                    loss as incurred, save for those expressly to be borne by customers.

             (2)   Amortisation of assets relating to contract costs

                    The Group’s assets relating to contract costs are amortised using the same basis as that for
                    recognition of the revenue from goods relating to the assets, which are included in profit or loss.

             (3)   Impairment of assets relating to contract costs

                    If the carrying amount of the Group’s assets relating to contract costs is higher than the
                    difference between the following two items, the Group makes a provision for impairment and
                    recognises the excess as an asset impairment loss: ① the remaining consideration expected
                    to be received from transfer of the goods relating to the asset; and ② the cost expected to be
                    incurred for transfer of the relevant goods. After the provision for impairment is made, if the
                    factors of impairment in previous periods change so that the difference between the above two is
                    higher than the carrying amount of the asset, the original provision for impairment of the asset
                    is reversed and included in profit or loss for the period, provided that the carrying amount of the
                    asset after the reversal does not exceed the carrying amount of the asset at the date of reversal
                    assuming no provision for impairment being made.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   147
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         15.      Long-term equity investments

                  Long-term equity investments of the Group include the investments in subsidiaries, investments in
                  associates and equity investments in joint ventures.

                 (1)        Determination of significant influence and common control

                            The Group’s investment in associates refers to the equity investment that has a significant
                            i n f l u e n c e o n t h e i n v e s t e e. S i g n i f i c a n t i n f l u e n c e m e a n s t h a t t h e G r o u p h a s t h e p o w e r t o
                            participate in decision-making on the financial and operational policies of the investee, but
                            cannot control or jointly control the formulation of these policies with other parties. When the
                            Group directly or indirectly throughout its subsidiary owns 20% (inclusive) or more but less
                            than 50% shares with voting rights in the investee, it is generally considered that the Group
                            has significant influence on the investee, unless there is clear evidence that the Group cannot
                            participate in the production and operation decisions of the investee or form control over the
                            investee. For voting rights less than 20% in the investee, the Group considers that the board or
                            representative in similar authority in the investee/the implementation processes of financial and
                            operation policies of investee which have also been taken into account/significant transaction
                            with the investee/management personnel sent to the investee/significant technology information
                            provided to the investee has significant influence to the investee.

                            The equity investment in a joint venture refers to the investment in which the Group exercises
                            joint control with other joint venture parties over the investee and has the power over the net
                            assets of the investee. Joint control refers to the shared control over a certain arrangement in
                            accordance with relevant agreements, and the related activities of the arrangement must be
                            unanimously agreed upon by the participating parties who share control before decision-making
                            can be made. Basis for determination in respect of common control is that all participating
                            parties or a group of participating parties control such arrangement, and that policies of such
                            related business of such arrangement have to obtain unanimous agreement by all parties that
                            control such arrangement.

                 (2)        Accounting treatment method

                            The Group initially measures the long-term equity investments obtained based on the initial
                            investment cost.

                            For long-term equity investments obtained through business combination under common
                            control, proportion of carrying amount of net assets obtained on the date of combination in the
                            consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall be accounted as the initial
                            investment cost. For carrying amount of net assets of the acquiree which is negative on the date
                            of combination, investment cost of long-term equity investment is calculated as zero.

                            For long-term equity investments acquired through business combination not under common
                            control, cost of combination will be treated as the initial investment cost;




148    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       15.   Long-term equity investments (continued)

             (2)    Accounting treatment method (continued)

                    Apart from the long-term equity investments acquired through business combination, for long-
                    term equity investments acquired by cash payment, the initial investment cost shall be based on
                    the actual purchase price paid and the expenses, taxes and other necessary expenditures directly
                    related to the acquisition of long-term equity investments. For long-term equity investments
                    acquired by issuing equity securities, the cost of investment is the fair value of the equity
                    securities issued;

                    The Company’s investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in individual financial statements
                    using cost method. When the cost method is used, long-term equity investments are measured
                    at their initial investment cost. When making additional investment, carrying amount of the
                    long-term equity investments will be increased according to the fair value of cost of additional
                    investment and the related expenses incurred by related transactions. For cash dividend or profit
                    paid by the investee, it shall be recognised as investment income for current period using the
                    amount which it entitles.

                    The Group’s investments in the associates and joint ventures are accounted for under equity
                    method. When using the equity method, if the initial investment cost of a long-term equity
                    investment exceeds the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that
                    should be enjoyed at the time of investment, the book value of the long-term equity investment
                    shall not be adjusted. If the initial investment cost of a long-term equity investment is less than
                    the share of the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the investee that should be enjoyed at
                    the time of investment, the difference shall be adjusted to the book value of the long-term equity
                    investment and included in the profit or loss for current investment period.

                    For long-term equity investment for which the subsequent measurement is accounted for under
                    equity method, carrying amount of long-term equity investment shall be increased or decreased
                    accordingly according to the change in the shareholders’ equity of the investee during the
                    investment period. When determining the amount of proportion of net profit or loss in the
                    investee which it entitles, fair value of each identifiable asset of the investee at the time when
                    the investment is obtained shall be used as basis, and according to the accounting policies and
                    accounting period of the Group, and after offsetting profit or loss incurred in internal transaction
                    between associates and joint ventures, and calculate the proportion which is attributable to the
                    Group according to the shareholding (if internal transaction losses belong to asset impairment
                    losses, they shall be fully recognised), and recognised after adjustment is made to the net profit
                    of the investee. The Group recognises the net loss incurred by the investee, with the book
                    value of long-term equity investments and other long-term equity essentially constituting the
                    net investment in the investee reduced to zero, except for the obligation of the Group to bear
                    additional losses.

       16.   Investment properties

             The Group’s investment properties refer to the real estate held for the purpose of earning rent or capital
             appreciation, or for both, which comprise rented out houses, buildings and land. They are measured
             using the cost model.

             The Group’s investment property is depreciated or amortised using the same policy as that for houses,
             buildings or land use rights.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   149
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         17.      Fixed assets

                  Fixed assets of the Group are tangible assets that are held for production of goods or provision of
                  services, leasing to others, or for administrative purposes, with a useful life over one accounting year.

                  Fixed assets are recognised when it is probable that the related economic benefits will flow to the
                  Group and the costs can be reliably measured. Fixed assets of the Group comprise offshore land,
                  buildings and structures, machinery equipment, electronic equipment, appliances and furniture,
                  transportation equipment.

                  Apart from fixed assets which are provided in full and continue to be in use and lands that are
                  accounted separately, the Group made provision for all the fixed assets. The Group made provision for
                  depreciation using straight-line method. The useful life, estimated residual value ratio and depreciation
                  rate of fixed assets of the Group are classified as below:


                                                                                       Estimated rate                Annual
                                                                      Useful life          of residual          depreciation
                  No.       Category                                      (year)            value (%)              rates (%)

                  1         Offshore land                              Unlimited        Not applicable        Not applicable
                  2         Buildings and structures                       20-50                  0-10                 1.8-5
                  3         Machinery equipment                             5-20                  3-10              4.5-19.4
                  4         Electronic equipment,                           3-10                  0-10               9-33.33
                              appliances and furniture
                  5         Transportation equipment                        5-10                   3-10                9-19.4


                  The Group makes the assessment on the estimated useful life, estimated rate of salvage value and
                  the depreciation method of fixed assets at each financial year-end. If any changes occur, they will be
                  regarded as changes on accounting estimates.

         18.      Construction in progress

                  The cost of construction in progress is determined based on actual project expenses, including
                  necessary project expenses and other related expenses incurred during the construction period.

                  Construction in progress is transferred to the fixed assets when the assets are ready for their intended use
                  at an estimated amount based on the project budget, price or actual cost of construction. Depreciation
                  is calculated from the next month of the transfer. The original value of the fixed asset is adjusted when
                  the construction finalisation procedures are completed.

                  Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it reaches its intended usable state, with the
                  following standards:


                  Item                             Standards for transferring to fixed assets

                  Houses and buildings             Completion acceptance/actual start of use (Whichever is earlier)
                  Machinery and equipment          Completion of installation, debugging and acceptance




150    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       19.   Borrowing costs

             The Group will capitalise the borrowing costs that can be directly attributed to the construction or
             production of assets eligible for capitalisation, and include them in the relevant asset costs. Other
             borrowing costs will be recognised in the profit or loss for current period. The assets eligible for
             capitalisation as determined by the Group include borrowing costs for fixed assets, investment
             properties and inventories that require more than one year of construction or production activities to
             reach their intended usable or saleable condition. Capitalisation starts when the assets expenses and
             borrowing costs have been incurred and the construction or production activities for making the assets
             reach their intended usable or saleable condition have started; capitalisation stops when the constructed
             or produced assets eligible for capitalisation conditions have reached their intended usable or saleable
             condition. Borrowing costs incurred afterwards are included into the profit or loss for current period.
             If assets eligible for capitalisation conditions interrupt abnormally during construction or production
             progress, and such interruption lasts for more than three consecutive months, capitalisation of
             borrowing costs shall be suspended until construction of assets or production activities resume.

             During each accounting period within the capitalisation period, the Group recognises the capitalised
             amount of borrowing costs using the following method: The capitalised amount of borrowing costs,
             accrued from the funds borrowed under a specific purpose, is the actual interest expense incurred on
             that borrowing for the period less any bank interest earned from depositing the borrowed funds before
             being used on the asset or any investment income on the temporary investment of those funds. The
             Group determines the capitalised amount of borrowing costs, accrued from the funds borrowed under a
             general purpose, by applying a capitalisation rate to the weighted average of the excess of cumulative
             expenditures on the asset over the amounts of specific purpose borrowings. The capitalisation rate shall
             be calculated and determined according to the weighted average interest rate of the general borrowing.

       20.   Intangible asset

             The Group’s intangible assets include land use right, trademark right, patented technology, sales
             channel, etc. Intangible assets are measured at the actual costs at acquisition. For purchased intangible
             assets, actual paid cost and other relevant expenses are used as the actual cost. For intangible assets
             invested by investors, the actual cost is determined according to the values specified in the investment
             contract or agreement, while for the unfair agreed value in contract or agreement, the actual cost is
             determined at the fair value. Intangible assets acquired in a merger not under common control that are
             owned by the acquiree but not recognised in its financial statements are recognised and measured at
             fair value on initial recognition.

             (1)   Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                   procedure

                    Land use rights are evenly amortised over their lease terms from the date of transfer. Other
                    intangible assets are amortized evenly on the basis of shorter of estimated useful life, stipulated
                    beneficial year by contract, and legal available year. The useful lives of the Group’s intangible
                    assets with limited useful lives are as follows:




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   151
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         20.      Intangible asset (continued)

                 (1)        Useful life and its basis of determination, estimation, amortization method or review
                            procedure (continued)

                                                                                                                  Useful lives
                            Items                                                                                     (years)

                            Land use rights                                                                              20-70
                            Trademark rights                                                                                 5
                            Proprietary technology                                                                          10
                            Sales channels                                                                                  10
                            Others                                                                                        3-10

                            Explanation: The useful life of land use right is recognized according to the term of the transfer.

                            The amount amortised is charged to the cost of the related assets and to current profit or loss on
                            the basis of the beneficiary of the assets. The estimated useful lives and amortisation methods of
                            intangible assets with finite useful lives are reviewed at the end of each year, and any changes
                            are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

                            The Group will review the useful lives on those intangible assets with indefinite useful lives at
                            each of the accounting period. If there are evidences showing that the intangible assets can bring
                            economic benefit for the Company within the foreseeable period, the Company shall estimate
                            the useful life and carry out amortization according to the amortization policy for intangible
                            assets with finite useful life.

                 (2)        Scope of R&D expenditure collection and related accounting treatment methods

                            The scope of R&D expenditures of the Group cover employee salaries of R&D personnel, direct
                            investment expenses, depreciation and deferred expenses, other expenses, etc.

                            The Group classifies the expenditures on internal research and development projects into
                            expenditure at the research phase and expenditure at the development phase based on the nature
                            of the expenditures and whether there is great uncertainty for the research and development
                            activities to ultimately form into intangible assets. Expenditure at the research phase is
                            recognised in profit or loss for the period when it is incurred. Expenditure at the development
                            phase is capitalised when all of the following conditions are satisfied at the same time: As
                            assessed by the Group, it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will
                            be available for use or sale; the Group intends to complete and use or sell the intangible asset;
                            the intangible asset is expected to bring economic benefits to the Group; the Group has adequate
                            technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and has the ability to
                            use or sell the intangible asset; and the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset at its
                            development phase can be reliably measured. Expenditure at the development phase that fails to
                            meet the conditions for capitalisation is recognised in the profit or loss when incurred.




152    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       21.   Impairment of long-term assets

             The Group would assess intangible assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties
             measured by the cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and intangible
             assets with limited useful lives at each of the balance sheet date. When there is indication that there is
             impairment, the Group would perform impairment test. Impairment test should be made for goodwill,
             intangible assets with uncertain useful life, at the year end regardless of whether there is indication of
             impairment loss.

             (1)    Impairment of non-current assets other than financial assets (excluding goodwill)

                    When conducting impairment testing, the Group determines its recoverable amount based on
                    the higher of the net amount after deducting disposal expenses from the fair value of the asset
                    and the present value of the expected future cash flows of the asset. After impairment testing,
                    if the book value of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the difference is recognised as
                    impairment loss.

                    The Group estimates its recoverable amount based on individual assets. If it is difficult
                    to estimate the recoverable amount of individual assets, the recoverable amount shall be
                    determined based on the asset group to which the asset belongs. The recognition of an asset
                    group is based on whether the main cash inflows generated by the asset group are independent
                    of the cash inflows of other assets or asset groups.

                    The net amount after deducting disposal costs from fair value is determined by referring
                    to the agreed price for the sales of a similar asset in an orderly transaction occurring at
                    the measurement date or observable market price of similar assets in fair trade, minus the
                    incremental costs directly attributable to the disposal of the asset. When estimating the present
                    value of future cash flows, the management determines the present value based on the expected
                    future cash flows to be generated from the continued use of the asset and its eventual disposal
                    and select an appropriate discount rate to determine the present value of future cash flows.
                    Please refer to Note V. 19 for details.

             (2)    Impairment of goodwill

                    The Group shall amortise the book value of the goodwill formed by the merger of enterprises
                    to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from the date of purchase. If it is difficult
                    to amortise to the relevant asset groups, it shall be amortised to the relevant asset group
                    combinations. When conducting impairment tests on asset groups or asset group combinations
                    r e l a t e d t o g o o d w i l l, i f t h e r e a r e s i g n s o f i m p a i r m e n t i n t h e a s s e t g r o u p s o r a s s e t g r o u p
                    combinations related to goodwill, the Group shall first conduct impairment tests on the asset
                    groups or asset group combinations that do not contain goodwill, calculate the recoverable
                    amount, compare it with the relevant book value, and recognise the corresponding impairment
                    l o s s e s. T h e n t h e G r o u p s h a l l c o n d u c t i m p a i r m e n t t e s t s o n a s s e t g r o u p s o r a s s e t g r o u p
                    combinations containing goodwill, comparing the book value with the recoverable amount. If
                    the recoverable amount is lower than the book value, the impairment loss amount is first offset
                    against the book value of goodwill amortised to the asset group or asset group combination.
                    Then, based on the proportion of the book value of assets other than goodwill in the asset group
                    or asset group combination, the book value of other assets is proportionally offset.

                    The methods, parameters and assumptions for impairment testing of goodwill are detailed in
                    Note V. 20.

                    An impairment loss recognised on the aforesaid assets shall not be reversed in a subsequent
                    accounting period.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      153
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         22.      Long-term prepaid expenses

                  Long-term prepaid expenses are expenditures of the Group that have been incurred but should be
                  recognised as expenses over more than one year in the current and subsequent periods. Such expenses
                  are amortised on average during the benefit period. If a long-term prepaid expense item cannot benefit
                  subsequent accounting periods, the amortised value of the item that has not yet been amortised shall be
                  fully transferred to the profit or loss for current period.

         23.      Employee remuneration

                  Employee remuneration of the Group mainly includes short-term remuneration, post-employment
                  benefits, termination benefits and other long-term benefits.

                  Short-term remuneration mainly includes staff salaries, bonuses, allowance and subsides, staff welfare,
                  medical insurance premium, maternity insurance premium, work-related injury insurance premium,
                  housing provident funds, union operation costs and employee education costs and non-monetary
                  welfare etc. Short-term remuneration incurred during the accounting period in which the staff provided
                  services is recognised as a liability, and included in profit or loss for the current period or as related asset
                  cost in accordance with beneficiaries.

                  Post-employment benefits mainly include pension insurance premium and unemployment insurance
                  premium. According to the Company’s risks and obligations, they are classified as defined contribution
                  plans and defined benefit plans. As for the defined contribution plans, the contributions which are
                  made for individual subjects in exchange for the staff’s services rendered in the accounting period shall
                  be recognized as liabilities on the balance sheet date and included in profits or losses in the current
                  period or relevant asset costs according to the beneficiaries.

                  The Group operates a defined benefit pension scheme which requires contributions to be made to an
                  independently managed fund. No fund has been injected to the scheme, and the cost of providing the
                  benefit under the defined benefit scheme is based on the expected cumulative benefit unit method. Re-
                  measurements arising from the defined benefit pension scheme, including actuarial gains or losses,
                  changes in the impact of asset ceilings (net of amounts included in net interest on net liabilities for the
                  defined benefit scheme) and returns on assets under the scheme (net of amounts included in net interest
                  on net liabilities for the defined benefit scheme) shall be recognised immediately in the balance sheet.
                  They shall be included in the shareholders’ equity through other comprehensive income for the period
                  in which they occur, and not reversed to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The Group recognises
                  past service costs as current expenses on the date of modification of the defined benefit scheme or the
                  date of recognition of relevant restructuring expenses or dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier. Net
                  interest is calculated by multiplying the net amount of liabilities or assets under the defined benefit
                  scheme by the discount rate. The Group recognises in profit or loss the following changes in the net
                  obligations under the defined benefit scheme: service costs, including current service cost, past service
                  cost and settlement gains or losses; and net interest, including interest income on assets under the
                  scheme, interest expenses on obligations under the scheme and interest affected by asset ceiling.

                  Dismissal benefits arise from the Company’s decision to terminate the employment relationship with
                  employees before the expiration of labour contracts or offer compensation to encourage employees
                  to voluntarily accept layoffs. When the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the dismissal
                  benefits provided due to termination of the employment relationship or the proposal for layoffs, or
                  when the Company recognises the costs or expenses related to the restructuring involving the payment
                  of dismissal benefits, whichever is earlier, an employee compensation liability arising from dismissal
                  benefits shall be recognised and included in the current profit or loss. The compensation payments
                  made for more than one year shall be included in the current profit or loss after discounted at an
                  appropriate discount rate.




154    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       24.   Accrued liabilities

             The Group recognises it as a liability when an obligation pertinent to contingencies such as pending
             litigation or arbitration, product quality assurance on guaranteed products, etc. simultaneously meets
             the following conditions: The obligation is a current obligation borne by the Group; it is likely that an
             outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from the performance of the obligation; and the amount
             of the obligation can be reliably measured.

             Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the necessary expenses required for the
             performance of existing obligations, after taking into account relevant risks, uncertainties, time value
             of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The Group reviews the current best estimates
             and makes adjustments to the carrying amount of the accrued liabilities on the balance sheet date.

             Contingent liabilities of the acquiree acquired in a business combination not under common control
             are measured at fair value at the time of initial recognition and be subsequently measured at the
             higher of the recognised amount of accrued liabilities or the balance after deducting the accumulated
             amortisation amount determined by the revenue recognition principle from the initial recognition
             amount.

       25.   Share-based payments

             The equity-settled share-based payment in return for employees’ services shall be measured based on
             the fair value of equity instruments granted to the employees on the grant date. If the equity-settled
             share-based payment can be vested immediately upon grant, it shall be included in relevant costs or
             expenses according to the fair value of equity instruments on the grant date, and the capital reserves
             shall be increased accordingly. If the equity-settled share-based payment cannot be vested until the
             services are completed in vesting period or until the prescribed performance conditions are met, then
             on each balance sheet date within the vesting period, the services acquired during the period shall
             be included in relevant costs or expenses and capital reserves according to the fair value of equity
             instruments on the grant date, based on the best estimate of the number of vested equity instruments.
             If the terms of an equity-settled share-based payment are modified, acquired services are recognised
             at least as if the terms had not been modified. In addition, modifications that increase the fair value of
             equity instruments granted, or changes that are beneficial to employees on the date of modification, are
             recognised as an increase in services acquired.

             If equity-settled share-based payments are cancelled, they shall be treated as accelerated exercise on
             the date of cancellation, and the unrecognised amount shall be recognised immediately. If employees
             or other parties can choose to satisfy the non-exercisable conditions but fail to do so within the vesting
             period, it shall be treated as cancellation of the equity-settled share-based payment. However, if a new
             equity instrument is granted and it is determined on the date of grant that the new equity instrument
             is intended to replace the cancelled equity instrument, the substitute equity instrument granted shall
             be treated in the same manner as the modification to the terms and conditions of the original equity
             instrument.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   155
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         26.      Recognition and measurement of revenue

                 (1)        General principles

                            The Group recognises revenue when a performance obligation in the contract is fulfilled, i.e.
                            when “control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is
                            transferred to the customers. Acquiring control over relevant goods or services means to be
                            able to dominate the use of such goods or the provision of such services and obtain almost all
                            economic benefits from them.

                            A p erfo rman ce o b lig ation is a c ontra c tua l c ommitme nt by the G roup to tra ns fe r c lear l y
                            distinguishable goods to a customer. The Group’s performance obligations are fulfilled within
                            a certain period of time if one of the following conditions is met; otherwise, they are fulfilled
                            at a certain point in time: ① the customer acquires and consumes the economic benefits arising
                            from the Group’s performance at the same time as the Group’s performance; ② the customer
                            can control the goods that are under progress in the course of the Group’s performance; ③the
                            goods that are produced in the course of the Group’s performance have irreplaceable usages and
                            the Group is entitled to receive payment for the cumulative portion of performance completed to
                            date throughout the contract period.

                            The Group recognises the revenue on the basis of the progress of performance of a contractual
                            obligation that is to be performed within a certain period of time. When the progress of
                            performance is not reasonably certain, the Group recognises the revenue at the amount of costs
                            incurred until such time as the progress of performance is reasonably certain, provided that the
                            costs incurred are expected to be reimbursed.

                            For performance obligations fulfilled at a point in time, the Group recognises revenue at the
                            point in time when the customer obtains control of the relevant goods. In determining whether
                            the customer has obtained control of the goods, the Group takes into account the following
                            indications: ① the Group has a present right to receive payment for the goods, i.e. the customer
                            has a present obligation to pay for the goods; ② the Group has transferred the legal ownership
                            of the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has legal ownership to the goods; ③ the Group
                            has physically transferred the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has physical possession
                            of the goods; ④the Group has transferred to the customer the principal risks and rewards
                            of ownership of the goods, i.e. the customer has acquired the principal risks and rewards of
                            ownership of the goods; ⑤ the customer has accepted the goods; and ⑥ other indications that
                            the customer has acquired control of the goods.

                            When a contract has two or more performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction
                            price to each one based on the relative standalone selling prices of the promised goods or
                            services on the commencement date of contract. Revenue is then recognized using this allocated
                            transaction price for each obligation.

                            The transaction price is the amount of consideration that the Group is expected to be entitled
                            to receive due to the transfer of goods or services to customers, excluding payments received
                            on behalf of third parties and amounts expected to be refunded to the customer. In determining
                            the transaction price, the Group considers the impact of variable consideration, the existence of
                            significant financing elements in the contract and other factors.




156    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       26.   Recognition and measurement of revenue (continued)

             (1)   General principles (continued)

                    F o r c o n t r a c t s t h a t c o n t a i n v a r i a b l e c o n s i d e r a t i o n, t h e G r o u p e s t i m a t e s t h e a m o u n t o f
                    consideration to which it will be entitled using either the expected value method or the most
                    likely amount. The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction
                    price only to the extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a
                    significant revenue reversal in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable
                    consideration is subsequently resolved. At each balance sheet date, the Group updates the
                    estimated transaction price.

                    The Group determines whether its identity at the time of performing a transaction is that of a
                    principal or an agent based on whether it has control over the goods prior to transferring the
                    goods to the customer. If the Group is able to control the goods before transferring them to
                    the customer, the Group is a principal and recognizes revenue based on the total amount of
                    consideration received or receivable; otherwise, the Group, as an agent, recognizes revenue
                    based on the amount of commissions or handling fees to which it is expected to be entitled,
                    which shall be determined based on either the net amount of the total consideration received or
                    receivable less the price payable to other related parties or the established commission amount
                    or proportion.

                    Based on contractual agreements, legal provisions, etc., the Group provides quality assurance
                    for goods sold, which is a guarantee-type quality assurance to assure customers that the goods
                    sold meet the established standards, and the Group accounts for it in accordance with Note
                    III.24. Accrued liabilities.

             (2)   Specific methods

                    The revenue of the Group mainly includes revenue from sale of goods.

                    The sale of products by the Group to customers is the fulfilment of its performance obligation
                    at a certain point of time as mention in (1) above, and revenue is recognised at the point of
                    delivery and acceptance of the goods by the customer and the transaction price is determined
                    based on the total amount of consideration expected to be entitled, in accordance with the sales
                    contracts entered into between the Group and the customer. Domestic sales business: Revenue
                    is recognised when the goods are delivered by the Group according to the contract or order and
                    received by the customer. Overseas sales business: It is generally agreed in the sales contracts
                    signed between the Group and overseas customers that the point of time at which the control
                    over the goods is transferred is when the goods are loaded onto ships and depart from the
                    ports. Therefore, the Group recognises the overseas sales revenue from its major overseas sales
                    business when the goods depart from the ports.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      157
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         27.      Government grants

                  Government grants are recognised when they meet the accompanying conditions and can be received.
                  Government grants that are monetary assets shall be measured at the amount actually received. Grants,
                  which are disbursed according to fixed quota standard or where there is conclusive evidence at the
                  end of the year that they can satisfy relevant conditions set out in the financial support policy and that
                  the financial support funds are expected to be received, shall be measured at the amount receivable.
                  Government grants that are non-monetary assets shall be measured at fair value or, at a nominal amount
                  (RMB1) if their fair value cannot be reliably obtained.

                  Government grants of the Group consist of asset-related government grants and income-related
                  government grants. Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained for acquisition
                  or construction of long-term assets or other forms of long-term asset formation; income-related
                  government grants refer to those other than asset-related government grants. If related government
                  documents do not specify targets of the grants, the Group will recognise the grants according to the
                  above principle, and if it’s difficult to distinguish, they shall be recognised as the income-related
                  government grants as a whole.

                  Asset-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or loss
                  over the useful life of the asset based on reasonable and systemic methods. If relevant assets are sold,
                  transferred, scrapped or damaged before the end of their useful lives, the balance of undistributed
                  deferred income shall be transferred to profit or loss for the period in which the assets are disposed of.

                  Income-related government grants, which are used to compensate for related expenses or losses to be
                  incurred in the subsequent periods, shall be recognised as deferred income, and included in profit or
                  loss over the periods in which the related costs or losses are recognised. Government grants related
                  to daily activities, depending on the essence of economic business, are included in other income or
                  used to offset relevant expenses. Government grants not related to daily activities are included in non-
                  operating income or expenses.

                  W h e r e t h e G r o u p o b t a i n s s u b s i d i s e d i n t e r e s t r a t e s f o r p o l i c y c o n c e s s i o n a r y l o a n s, t h e G r o u p
                  distinguishes between the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
                  to the lending bank and the disbursement of the subsidised interest rate funds by the finance department
                  directly to the Group, and carries out the accounting treatment according to the following principles,
                  respectively: (1) Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds to the lending bank, and
                  the lending bank provides the Group with a loan at a policy preferential interest rate, the Group takes
                  the actual loan amount received as the entry value of the loan and calculates the related borrowing
                  costs according to the principal amount of the loan and the policy preferential interest rate (or takes
                  the fair value of the loan as the entry value of the loan and calculates the borrowing costs using the
                  effective interest rate method, with the difference between the actual amount received and the fair
                  value of the loan being recognised as deferred income. Deferred income is amortised over the duration
                  of the loan using the effective interest rate method, and used to offset relevant borrowing costs). (2)
                  Where the finance department disburses the subsidised funds directly to the Group, the Group will
                  offset relevant borrowing costs with the corresponding subsidised funds.




158    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       28.   Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities

             The Group’s deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are recognised on the basis
             of (temporary differences) arising from differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and
             their carrying amount, as well as from differences between the tax bases and their carrying amount of
             items that are not recognised as assets and liabilities but whose tax bases can be determined according
             to tax laws.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax liabilities for all taxable temporary differences, except
             in the following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition of
             goodwill or the initial recognition of assets or liabilities arising from transactions that are not business
             combinations and that affect neither the accounting profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses);
             (2) taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and
             such temporary differences are likely not to be reversed in the foreseeable future.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for deductible temporary differences, deductible
             losses and tax credits to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be available
             against which the deductible temporary differences, deductible losses and tax credits can be utilised,
             except in the following circumstances: (1) temporary differences arising from the initial recognition
             of assets or liabilities in transactions other than business combinations that affect neither accounting
             profit nor taxable income (or deductible losses); and (2) deductible temporary differences related
             to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures that can not simultaneously satisfy the
             following conditions: temporary differences are likely to be reversed in the foreseeable future, and
             taxable income is likely to be obtained in the future to offset deductible temporary differences.

             The Group recognises deferred income tax assets for all unused deductible losses to the extent that it is
             likely that sufficient taxable income will be available to offset the deductible losses. The management
             uses considerable judgements in estimating the time and amount of future taxable income, and
             determines the amount of deferred income tax assets to be recognised by taking into account the tax
             planning strategies, thus resulting in uncertainty.

             On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the applicable tax
             rate during the expected period in which the asset is recovered or the liability is settled.

             The Group presents deferred income tax assets and liabilities as net amounts after offsetting when all
             of the following conditions are met: the Group has the legal right to settle current income tax assets
             and current deferred income tax liabilities on a net basis; deferred income tax assets and liabilities are
             related to income tax levied by the same tax collection and management authority on the same taxpayer
             or on different taxpayers. However, for each future period in which significant deferred income tax
             assets and liabilities are reversed, the taxpayers involved intend to either settle the current income tax
             assets and liabilities on a net basis or to acquire the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   159
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         29.      Lease

                 (1)        Identification of lease

                            At the commencement date of the contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is a lease
                            or contains a lease. If a party to the contract transfers the right of use of an identified asset
                            or several identified assets for consideration within a certain period of time, such contract is
                            regarded as lease or includes lease.

                            Where a contract concurrently contains multiple separate leases, the Group splits the contract
                            and conduct accounting treatment respectively for all separate leases.

                 (2)        The Group as a lessee

                            1)     Lease recognition

                                   Except for short-term lease and lease of low-value assets, the Group recognises right-of-
                                   use assets and lease liabilities of the lease at the inception of the lease term.

                                   The right-of-use assets refer to the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the
                                   Group as a lessee, which are initially measured at cost. Such cost shall comprise: ①
                                   the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; ② any lease payments
                                   made on or before the inception of the lease, less any lease incentives received; ③ any
                                   initial direct costs incurred; and ④ an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in
                                   dismantling and removing the underlying asset, restoring the site on which it is located
                                   or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of
                                   the lease (costs of production of inventory are excluded). If the Group re-measures lease
                                   liability in accordance with the relevant provisions of the lease standards, the carrying
                                   amount of the right-of-use assets shall be adjusted accordingly.

                                   The Group depreciates the right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis over the expected
                                   consumption of the economic benefits associated with the right-of-use assets. If it
                                   can reasonably determined that ownership of the leased asset will be obtained upon
                                   expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be accrued within the remaining useful
                                   life of the leased asset; if it can not be reasonably determined that ownership of the
                                   leased asset will be obtained upon expiration of the lease term, depreciation shall be
                                   accrued within the lease term or the remaining useful life of the leased asset, whichever
                                   is shorter. The depreciation amount accrued is included in the cost of relevant asset or
                                   current profit or loss based on the use of the right-of-use asset.

                                   The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the outstanding lease
                                   payments at the inception of the lease term. The lease payments include: ① the fixed
                                   payment and the substantial fixed payment, net of the lease incentive amount; ② the
                                   variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio; ③ the exercise price of the call
                                   option, provided that the Group reasonably determines that it will exercise the option;
                                   ④ the amount payable to exercise the option to terminate a lease, provided that the lease
                                   term reflects that the Group will exercise the option to terminate the lease; and ⑤ the
                                   amount payable based on the residual value of the security provided by the Group.




160    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       29.   Lease (continued)

             (2)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

                    1)     Lease recognition (continued)

                           In calculating the present value of the lease payment, if it is impossible to determine
                           the interest rate implicit in lease, the incremental borrowing rate of the Group shall be
                           adopted as the discount rate. The Group shall calculate the interest expenses of the lease
                           liabilities for each period of the lease term at a cyclically fixed interest rate and include
                           them in profit or loss for the current period, expect for those subject to capitalisation.

                           Subsequent to the inception of the lease term, the Group increases the carrying amount of
                           the lease liability at the time of recognising interest on the lease liability, and decreases
                           the carrying amount of the lease liability at the time of making lease payments. When
                           there is a change in the substantive fixed payments, a change in the expected payable
                           amount for the residual value of the guarantee, a change in the index or ratio used to
                           determine the amount of lease payments, or a change in the valuation result or actual
                           exercise of the option of purchase, renewal or termination, the Group will re-measure the
                           lease liability based on the present value of lease payments as a result of the change.

                    2)     Short-term leases and low-value asset leases

                           For short-term leases with a lease period of not more than 12 months and low-value
                           asset leases which are brand-new assets, the Group does not recognise the right-of-use
                           assets and lease liabilities. During different periods in the lease term, lease payments on
                           short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as relevant asset costs or
                           current profit or loss on a straight-line basis or other systematic and reasonable methods
                           over the lease term.

             (3)   The Group as a lessor

                    The Group as a lessor classifies the lease as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the
                    risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset, and classifies other leases as
                    operating leases.

                    1)     Finance lease

                           At the inception of the lease term, the Group confirms the finance lease receivable on the
                           finance lease and terminates the recognition of the finance lease assets. When the initial
                           measurement of the finance lease receivable is made by the Group, the Group uses the
                           net lease investment as the entry value of the finance lease receivables.

                           The net lease investment is the sum of the unsecured residual value and the present value
                           of rental receipts that has not been received at the inception of the lease term, which
                           is discounted according to the interest rate implicit in lease. The Group calculates and
                           recognises interest income for each period of the lease term based on a fixed periodic
                           interest rate. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in
                           the net lease investment are recognised in profit or loss for the period in which they are
                           actually incurred.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   161
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.     IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

         29.      Lease (continued)

                 (3)        The Group as a lessor (continued)

                            2)    Operating lease

                                  Rental receipts under an operating lease are recognised as rental income on a straight
                                  line basis over the period of the lease.

                                  The initial direct costs incurred by the Group in relation to the operating leases shall be
                                  capitalised as the costs of the subject leased asset, apportioned on the same basis as the
                                  rental income recognition during the lease term, and included in profit or loss for the
                                  period. The variable lease payments received by the Group that are not included in the
                                  lease receivables related to the operating leases are recognised in profit or loss for the
                                  period in which they are actually incurred.

                                  The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the
                                  effective date of the modification, considering any received or receivable rental receipts
                                  relating to the original lease as part of the lease receipts for the new lease.

         30.      Discontinued operation

                  Discontinued operation refers to a component of the Group that meets one of the following conditions,
                  that can be separately distinguishable, and that has been disposed of or classified as held for sale:
                  (1) the component represents a separate principal business or a separate principal operating area;
                  (2) the component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposal of a separate principal business
                  or a separate principal operating area; and (3) the component is a subsidiary that has been acquired
                  exclusively for the purpose of resale.

                  In the income statement, the Group has added the items of “net profit from continuing operations” and
                  “net profit from discontinued operations” under the item of “net profit” in the income statement to
                  reflect the profit or loss from continuing operations and profit or loss from discontinued operations,
                  respectively, on a net after-tax basis. Profit or loss from discontinued operations shall be presented as
                  profit or loss from discontinued operations, and the profit or loss from discontinued operations shall
                  be presented for the entire reporting period, not only for the reporting period after being recognised as
                  discontinued operations.

         31.      Fair value measurement

                  The Group measures investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity instrument
                  investments at fair value on each balance sheet date. Fair value refers to the price that a market
                  participant would receive from selling an asset or pay for transferring a liability in an orderly
                  transaction occurring on the measurement date.

                  Assets and liabilities that are measured or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements are
                  identified within the fair value levels based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                  value measurement as a whole: Level 1 inputs consist of unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
                  for identical assets or liabilities that are available on the measurement date. Level 2 inputs are
                  quoted prices for the asset or liability (other than those included in Level 1) that are either directly or
                  indirectly observable. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs to the related assets or liabilities.

                  At each balance sheet date, the Group reassesses assets and liabilities measured at fair value on an
                  ongoing basis recognised in the financial statements to determine whether the level of fair value
                  measurement should be changed.




162    Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


III.   IMPORTANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (continued)

       32.   Changes in critical accounting policies and estimates

             (1)   Changes in critical accounting policies

                    1)      The Ministry of Finance issued the “Interpretation No. 17 of the Accounting Standards
                            for Enterprises” (hereinafter referred to as “Interpretation No. 17”) on 25th October,
                            2023, the particulars under “Division between Current Liabilities and Non-current
                            Liabilities”, “Disclosure of Supplier Financing Arrangements”, “Accounting Treatment
                            for Sale and Leaseback Transactions” were in force from 1 January 2024. In accordance
                            with the relevant requirements, the Group changed its accounting policies accordingly.
                            The changes in accounting policies did not have any significant impact on the Group’s
                            financial indicators such as total assets, total liabilities, net assets and net profit.

                    2)      The Ministry of Finance issued the “Interpretation No. 18 of Accounting Standards
                            for Enterprises” on 6 December 2024. It stipulates that for the estimated liabilities
                            a r i s i n g f r o m g u a r a n t e e-t y p e q u a l i t y g u a r a n t e e s t h a t a r e n o t s i n g l e p e r f o r m a n c e
                            obligations, the determined amounts should be recorded in the “main operating costs”
                            and “other operating costs”, and should no longer be recorded in the “sales expense”.
                            In accordance with the provisions of the above accounting interpretation, our group has
                            made corresponding changes to the original accounting policies and made retrospective
                            adjustments to the statement items such as “operating costs” and “sales expenses”.

                    ①       The impacts of the above changes in accounting policies on each item of the income
                            statement for 2024 are summarised below:

                                                                                                Amount of increase/(decrease) in line
                                                                                    items under the financial statement as a result of
                            Items                                                     the adoption of the changed accounting policies

                            Operating costs                                                                                                544,399,170.47
                            Sales expenses                                                                                                -544,399,170.47

                    ②       The impacts of the above changes in accounting policies on each item under the income
                            statement for 2023 are summarised below:

                            Items                                    Before adjustment                          Adjustment             After adjustment

                            Operating costs                           66,696,116,231.21                    755,251,474.81             67,451,367,706.02
                            Sales expenses                             9,311,027,187.99                   -755,251,474.81              8,555,775,713.18

             (2)   Changes in critical accounting estimates

                    None.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      163
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.     TAXATION

        1.       The main types and rates of taxes

                 Type of taxes               Tax basis                                     Tax rate

                 Value-added tax             Output value-added tax is computed at         13%, 9%, 6%, 5%, 3%
                                               13%, 9%, 6%, 5% and 3% of taxable
                                               income. Value-added tax is computed
                                               on the difference after deduction of
                                               input value-added tax. Input value-
                                               added tax is not deductible for value-
                                               added tax to which simple collection
                                               method is applicable.
                 City maintenance and        Turnover tax payable                          5%, 7%
                   construction tax
                 Education surcharges        Turnover tax payable                          3%
                 Enterprise income tax       Taxable income                                25%/for details, please see the table
                                                                                             below

                 Note:     The overseas subsidiaries of the Company shall pay tax in accordance with local tax laws where they are
                           located.




164   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.   TAXATION (continued)

      1.     The main types and rates of taxes (continued)

             Notes on taxpayers subject to different enterprise income tax rates:

             Name of tax payer                                                                   Income tax rate

             Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                           15.00%
             Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
             Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                               15.00%
             Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                           15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.                                                              15.00%
             Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd.                                        15.00%
             Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co., Ltd.                                                    15.00%
             Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                            15.00%
             Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd.                                                15.00%
             Foshan Hisense Property Service Co., Ltd.                                                    20.00%
             Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                     15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.                                   15.00%
             Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd.                                              15.00%
             Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited                                          15.00%
             Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd.                                                15.00%
             Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.                                          20.00%
             Kelon International Incorporation (KII)                                                 8.25%/16.5%
             Pearl River Electric Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                                                  16.50%
             Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                                                                  16.50%
             Hisense (Hong Kong) America Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                          16.50%
             Hisense Mould (Deutschland) GmbH                                                             15.00%
             Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                           30.00%
             Hisense Monterrey Property Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                                     30.00%
             HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd.                                                                   17.00%
             HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd.                                                                     20.00%
             Sanden Corporation                                                                           30.50%
             SANDEN INTERNATIONAL (EUROPE) GmbH                                                           30.00%
             SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE S.A.S.                                                           28.00%
             SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                                                                    35.00%
             SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                                                     30.00%
             Tianjin Sanden Auto Air-Conditioning CO., LTD.                                               15.00%
             Other overseas subsidiaries                                                                 5%-34%

      2.     Tax preferences

             On 28 December 2023, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
             Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344003724, with
             an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
             Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
             of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
             exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
             rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

             On 28 December 2023, Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
             the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002886, with an effective period
             of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
             Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2023, 2024 and 2025.

                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   165
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        2.       Tax preferences (continued)

                 On 9 November 2023, Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                 Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101305, with an effective period of
                 three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
                 Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
                 Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
                 competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 On 9 November 2023, Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received
                 the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337101226, with an effective period
                 of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
                 Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
                 Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
                 competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 On 9 November 2023, Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, received the
                 Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337100712, with an effective period of
                 three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Science and Technology,
                 Qingdao Municipal Bureau of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation Qingdao Municipal
                 Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing procedures with the
                 competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

                 On 19 December 2022, Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath System Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                 Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244002710, with
                 an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
                 Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
                 of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
                 exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
                 rate of 15% in 2022, 2023 and 2024.

                 On 19 December 2022, Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                 received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202244004440, with an effective
                 period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
                 Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
                 procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                 2022, 2023 and 2024.

                 On 12 December 2022, Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
                 Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202232015499, with an
                 effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Jiangsu Provincial Department of Science
                 and Technology, Jiangsu Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 Jiangsu Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
                 procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                 2022, 2023 and 2024.

                 On 20 December 2021, Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
                 received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202144001612, with an effective
                 period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of Science and
                 Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                 Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
                 procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
                 2021, 2022 and 2023.




166   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.   TAXATION (continued)

      2.     Tax preferences (continued)

             On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
             the Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202437101032,
             with an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of
             Science and Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of
             Taxation Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption
             filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15%
             in 2024, 2025 and 2026.

             On 19 November 2024, Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the
             Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202437100719, with an
             effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of Science
             and Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2024, 2025 and 2026.

             On 28 December 2023, Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner Company Limited, a subsidiary of the
             Company, received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202344002235, with
             an effective period of three years), which was jointly issued by Guangdong Provincial Department of
             Science and Technology, Guangdong Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration
             of Taxation Guangdong Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and
             exemption filing procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax
             rate of 15% in 2023, 2024 and 2025.

             On 29 December 2023, Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and Bath Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company,
             received the Certificate of High-tech Enterprise (Certificate No.: GR202337102273, with an effective
             period of three years), which was jointly issued by Qingdao Provincial Department of Science and
             Technology, Qingdao Provincial Department of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
             Qingdao Provincial Taxation Bureau. The subsidiary has handled tax reduction and exemption filing
             procedures with the competent tax authorities, and adopted the enterprise income tax rate of 15% in
             2024, 2025 and 2026.

             Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, belongs to an encouraged
             industrial enterprise located in the western region. In accordance with relevant provisions of the
             Announcement [2020] No. 23 of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and
             the National Development and Reform Commission on Continuing the Enterprise Income Tax Policies
             for the Large-Scale Development of Western China, the applicable enterprises income tax rate for this
             subsidiary is 15% from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2030.

             Foshan Hisense Kelon Property Service Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the identification
             standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12, pursuant to
             which, the taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax was paid at
             the rate of 20% in 2024.

             Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, met the
             identification standards for small and micro-sized enterprises stipulated in Cai Shui [2023] No. 12,
             pursuant to which, the taxable income was calculated at the rate of 25%, and the enterprise income tax
             was paid at the rate of 20% in 2024.

             The subsidiaries of the Company which were incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to an enterprise
             income tax on the estimated assessable profits derived from or arising in Hong Kong at the following
             rates: ① for KII: a rate of 8.25% is applied to the part which does not exceed HK$2,000,000, while a
             rate of 16.5% is applied to the part which exceeds HK$2,000,000; ② for other Hong Kong subsidiaries:
             a rate of 16.5% is applied to all of them.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   167
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IV.     TAXATION (continued)

        3.       Other tax preferences

                 In accordance with relevant provisions of the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                 Administration of Taxation on Value-added Tax Policies for Software Products (Cai Shui [2011] No.
                 100), the subsidiaries of the Company, including Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.,
                 Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer Co., Ltd., Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.,
                 Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd., Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd., Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-
                 Conditioner Co., Ltd., Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd. and Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning
                 Systems Co., Ltd., will enjoy the tax incentives of immediate collection and refund for the portion of
                 the embedded software products with the actual VAT burden of more than 3%.

V.      NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        For the following disclosed financial statement data, unless otherwise noted, “Opening Balance” refers to the
        balance as at 1 January 2024; and “Closing Balance” refers to the balance as at 31 December 2024. “Current
        Year” refers to the period from 1 January to 31 December 2024; “Last Year” refers to the period from 1
        January to 31 December 2023. The currency is denominated in RMB.

        1.       Cash at bank and on hand

                 Item                                                             Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Cash on hand                                                          116,974.19          151,362.17
                 Bank deposits                                                     876,524,372.96    1,242,044,709.82
                 Other cash at bank and on hand                                  1,971,151,786.40    1,749,212,727.81
                 Deposit in financial company                                    1,549,900,310.18    1,947,864,398.82
                 Including: Bank deposits                                        1,301,400,309.75    1,612,090,951.28
                            Other cash at bank and on hand                         248,500,000.43      335,773,447.54

                 Total                                                           4,397,693,443.73    4,939,273,198.62

                 Including: Total amount deposited overseas                        667,561,849.36      937,552,504.07


                 Breakdown of restricted cash at bank and on hand are listed as follows:

                 Item                                                             Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Security deposit for setting up bank acceptance notes           2,131,097,996.59    2,011,488,962.44
                 Other security deposit                                             75,326,840.59       50,643,835.64

                 Total                                                           2,206,424,837.18    2,062,132,798.08


        2.       Transactional financial assets

                 Item                                                             Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          16,209,276,762.85   13,192,025,535.87
                 Including: Derivative financial instruments                        48,959,296.04        4,285,180.76
                            Wealth management products                          16,160,317,466.81   13,187,740,355.11

                 Total                                                          16,209,276,762.85   13,192,025,535.87




168   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      3.     Notes receivable

             (1)   As shown by classification of notes receivable

                    Item                                                                    Closing balance              Opening balance

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                       6,497,691.77                   165,995,198.60
                    Commercial acceptance notes                                               452,515,807.88                   575,627,374.90

                    Total                                                                     459,013,499.65                   741,622,573.50


                    Notes to notes receivable: notes receivable for collecting contractual cash flows (for collection)
                    were presented as notes receivable by the Group, and notes receivable for collecting contractual
                    cash flows (for collection) and selling of these notes (endorsed or discounted) were presented as
                    receivable financing by the Group.

             (2)   As shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                         Closing balance
                                                                   Book value                Provision for bad debts
                    Category                                   Amount              %           Amount                     %      Carrying amount

                    Separate provision for bad debts
                    Provision for bad debts on a group
                      basis                              459,014,384.40         100.00          884.75                  0.00       459,013,499.65
                    Including:
                    Bank acceptance notes                  6,497,691.77           1.42                                               6,497,691.77
                    Commercial acceptance notes          452,516,692.63          98.58          884.75                  0.00       452,515,807.88

                    Total                                459,014,384.40         100.00          884.75                  0.00       459,013,499.65




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   169
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        3.       Notes receivable (continued)

                (2)        As shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                                Opening balance
                                                                          Book value                Provision for bad debts
                           Category                                   Amount              %           Amount                   %     Carrying amount

                           Separate provision for bad debts
                           Provision for bad debts on a group
                             basis                              742,123,337.77         100.00       500,764.27                0.07     741,622,573.50
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes                165,995,198.60          22.37                                          165,995,198.60
                           Commercial acceptance notes          576,128,139.17          77.63       500,764.27                0.09     575,627,374.90

                           Total                                742,123,337.77         100.00       500,764.27                0.07     741,622,573.50


                           1)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for commercial acceptance notes

                                                                                                          Closing balance
                                                                                                             Provision for
                                      Item                                                Book value            bad debts                         %

                                      Acceptor being a related party company           451,842,350.94
                                      Acceptor being other types of company                674,341.69                884.75                     0.13

                                      Total                                            452,516,692.63                884.75                        –




170   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      3.     Notes receivable (continued)

             (3)   Provision for bad debts of notes receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                   current year

                                                                              Changes during the year
                                                        Opening                       Recoveries                          Closing
                    Category                            balance        Provision      or reversal       Write-off         balance

                    Commercial acceptance notes       500,764.27      -499,879.52                                          884.75

                    Total                             500,764.27      -499,879.52                                          884.75


             (4)   Notes receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                                                                                                             Pledged amount
                                                                                                                   at the end
                    Item                                                                                          of the year

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                                           6,497,691.77

                    Total                                                                                           6,497,691.77


                    Note:   For details of pledges, please refer to Note V. 24. Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of
                            use.


             (5)   Notes receivables endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                   balance sheet date

                                                                                              Amount                 Amount
                                                                                         derecognised       not derecognised
                                                                                            at the end             at the end
                    Item                                                                   of the year            of the year

                    Commercial acceptance notes                                                                160,571,283.76

                    Total                                                                                      160,571,283.76


             (6)   Notes receivable written-off during the year

                    There was no notes receivable written-off during the year.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   171
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable

                (1)        Accounts receivable by ageing

                                                                                                        Book value                  Book value
                                                                                                           as at the                   as at the
                                                                                                                end                  beginning
                           Ageing                                                                       of the year                 of the year

                           Within three months                                                   9,636,006,962.35            8,330,628,047.85
                           Over three months but within six months                                 439,426,145.09              433,307,441.27
                           Over six months but within one year                                     160,377,425.51              246,354,515.38
                           Over one year                                                           554,775,266.31              527,815,292.00

                           Total                                                               10,790,585,799.26             9,538,105,296.50


                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                           Closing balance
                                                                     Book value                  Provision for bad debts
                           Category                              Amount              %             Amount                    %     Carrying amount

                           Accounts receivable for
                             which provision for bad
                             debts is separately made     133,785,840.82            1.24    102,295,699.38                 76.46      31,490,141.44
                           Accounts receivable for
                             which provision for bad
                             debts is made on
                             a group basis              10,656,799,958.44          98.76    207,680,201.72                  1.95   10,449,119,756.72
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method         1,713,156,715.42          15.88    130,957,148.52                  7.64    1,582,199,566.90
                           Receivables from related
                             parties                     6,565,282,860.41          60.84     11,726,653.49                  0.18    6,553,556,206.92
                           Other amount                  2,378,360,382.61          22.04     64,996,399.71                  2.73    2,313,363,982.90

                           Total                        10,790,585,799.26         100.00    309,975,901.10                  2.87   10,480,609,898.16




172   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      4.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    (continued)

                                                                                                   Opening balance
                                                                       Book value                         Provision for bad debts
                    Category                                      Amount                    %                 Amount                      %      Carrying amount

                    Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is
                     separately made                        97,304,043.14                  1.02          97,304,043.14             100.00
                    Accounts receivable for which
                     provision for bad debts is made
                     on a group basis                    9,440,801,253.36                 98.98      215,479,371.29                      2.28     9,225,321,882.07
                    Including:
                    Aging analysis method                1,505,237,529.67                 15.78      132,000,437.65                      8.77     1,373,237,092.02
                    Receivables from related parties     5,682,941,225.24                 59.58          21,281,661.78                   0.37     5,661,659,563.46
                    Other amount                         2,252,622,498.45                 23.62          62,197,271.86                   2.76     2,190,425,226.59


                    Total                                9,538,105,296.50                100.00      312,783,414.43                      3.28     9,225,321,882.07


                    1)         Accounts receivable subject to separate provision for bad debts

                                                              Opening balance                                          Closing balance
                                                                         Provision for                      Provision for
                               Item                      Book value         bad debts       Book value         bad debts                  %     Reasons for provision

                               Domestic customers      97,304,043.14     97,304,043.14 133,785,840.82 102,295,699.38                76.46 Expected to be difficult
                                                                                                                                               to recover in ful l

                               Total                   97,304,043.14     97,304,043.14 133,785,840.82 102,295,699.38                76.46                          –


                    2)         Among the group, accounts receivable for which provision for bad debts is made by
                               aging analysis method:

                                                                                                                 Closing balance
                                                                                                                     Provision for
                               Ageing                                                       Book value                  bad debts                                %

                               Within three months                     1,550,266,809.05                             3,100,533.55                              0.2
                               Over three months but within six months    36,759,206.96                             3,675,920.70                            10.00
                               Over six months but within one year         3,900,010.30                             1,950,005.16                            50.00
                               Over one year                             122,230,689.11                           122,230,689.11                           100.00

                               Total                                                1,713,156,715.42              130,957,148.52                               7.64


                               Note:     This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and the
                                         provision for bad debts is made based on the expected credit loss of each ageing section.



                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         173
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        4.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           3)         Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by receivables
                                      from related parties:

                                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                                  Provision for
                                      Ageing                                                   Book value            bad debts                        %

                                      Within one year                                   6,553,556,206.92
                                      Over one year                                        11,726,653.49          11,726,653.49                  100.00

                                      Total                                             6,565,282,860.41          11,726,653.49                    0.18


                           4)         Among the group, accounts receivable subject to provision for bad debts by other
                                      amount:

                                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                                  Provision for
                                      Category                                                 Book value            bad debts                        %

                                      Other amount                                      2,378,360,382.61          64,996,399.71                    2.73

                                      Total                                             2,378,360,382.61          64,996,399.71                    2.73


                (3)        Provision for bad debts of accounts receivable that are accrued, recovered or reversed in
                           the current year

                                                                                                Changes during the year
                                                                   Opening                      Recoveries                       Exchange        Closing
                           Category                                balance        Provision    or reversals      Write-off    rate changes       balance

                           Separate provision                  97,304,043.14    4,991,656.24                                               102,295,699.38
                           Aging analysis method              132,000,437.65      304,248.87                  -1,347,538.00                130,957,148.52
                           Receivables from related parties    21,281,661.78   -9,499,655.35                                    -55,352.94 11,726,653.49
                           Other amount                        62,197,271.86     -924,624.01    170,980.00                    3,552,771.86 64,996,399.71

                           Total                              312,783,414.43   -5,128,374.25    170,980.00    -1,347,538.00   3,497,418.92 309,975,901.10




174   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      4.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (4)   Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                                                                                                                                           Written-off
                    Item                                                                                                                      amount

                    Accounts receivable written-off                                                                                   1,347,538.00


             (5)   Top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors and contract assets

                    The total top five accounts receivable by closing balance of debtors amounted to
                    RMB6,276,022,170.62, accounting for 58.16% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                    provision for bad debts of RMB13,549,949.81 in total was made as at the end of the year.

      5.     Contract assets

             (1)   Contract assets

                                                                    Closing balance                                      Opening balance
                                                                      Provision for        Carrying                        Provision for          Carrying
                    Item                              Book value         bad debts          amount          Book value        bad debts            amount

                    Guarantee                       66,062,456.97     9,852,409.09     56,210,047.88   41,049,130.53        5,170,821.71      35,878,308.82

                    Total                           66,062,456.97     9,852,409.09     56,210,047.88   41,049,130.53        5,170,821.71      35,878,308.82


             (2)   Contract assets by provision for bad debts

                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                         Book value                             Provision for bad debts
                    Category                         Amount                       %               Amount                        %     Carrying amount

                    Contract assets for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is separately made
                    Contract assets for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is made on a group
                      basis                     66,062,456.97                    100         9,852,409.09                   14.91           56,210,047.88
                    Including:
                    Guarantee                   66,062,456.97                    100         9,852,409.09                   14.91           56,210,047.88

                    Total                       66,062,456.97                    100         9,852,409.09                   14.91           56,210,047.88




                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       175
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        5.       Contract assets (continued)

                (2)        Contract assets by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                                  Opening balance
                                                                 Book value                               Provision for bad debts
                           Category                         Amount                       %                  Amount                      %     Carrying amount

                           Contract assets for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is separately made
                           Contract assets for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is made on a group
                             basis                     41,049,130.53                100.00             5,170,821.71                  12.60         35,878,308.82
                           Including:
                           Guarantee                   41,049,130.53                100.00             5,170,821.71                  12.60         35,878,308.82

                           Total                       41,049,130.53                100.00             5,170,821.71                  12.60         35,878,308.82


                           1)          Contract assets for which provision for bad debts is made on a group basis

                                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                                      Provision for
                                       Item                                                    Book value                bad debts                           %

                                       Guarantee                                             66,062,456.97             9,852,409.09                      14.91

                                       Total                                                 66,062,456.97             9,852,409.09                           –


                (3)        Provision for bad debts of contract assets that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                           current year

                                                                                         Changes during the year
                                                                                                   Recoveries
                                                                                Provision          or reversal         Write-off
                           Item                          Opening balance   during the year     during the year   during the year Closing balance          Reason

                           Guarantee                        5,170,821.71      4,681,587.38                                          9,852,409.09

                           Total                            5,170,821.71      4,681,587.38                                          9,852,409.09               –




176   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      5.     Contract assets (continued)

             (4)   Contract assets written-off for the year

                    There were no contract assets written-off for the year.

      6.     Factoring of accounts receivable

             (1)   Factoring of accounts receivable by category

                    Item                                                                   Closing balance            Opening balance

                    Bank acceptance notes                                                 6,000,519,893.99            4,643,427,583.77

                    Total                                                                 6,000,519,893.99            4,643,427,583.77


                    Note:      For details on the fair value, please refer to Note 11. (1) Fair value of assets and liabilities measured
                               at fair value as at the end of the year.


             (2)   Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                            Book value                    Provision for bad debts
                    Category                            Amount                 %            Amount                     %    Carrying amount

                    Factoring of accounts
                      receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is separately made
                    Factoring of accounts
                      receivable for which
                      provision for bad debts
                      is made on a group
                      basis                     6,000,519,893.99           100.00                                            6,000,519,893.99
                    Including:
                    Bank acceptance notes       6,000,519,893.99           100.00                                            6,000,519,893.99

                    Total                       6,000,519,893.99           100.00                                            6,000,519,893.99




                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   177
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        6.       Factoring of accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Factoring of accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                           (continued)

                                                                                         Opening balance
                                                                   Book value                  Provision for bad debts
                           Category                            Amount              %             Amount                  %   Carrying amount

                           Factoring of accounts
                             receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is separately made
                           Factoring of accounts
                             receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts
                             is made on a group
                             basis                     4,643,427,583.77         100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77
                           Including:
                           Bank acceptance notes       4,643,427,583.77         100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77

                           Total                       4,643,427,583.77         100.00                                        4,643,427,583.77


                (3)        Factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                           There was no factoring of accounts receivable pledged as at the end of the year

                (4)        Notes receivable endorsed or discounted as at the end of the year but not mature at the
                           balance sheet date

                                                                                                        Amount                    Amount
                                                                                                   derecognised          not derecognised
                                                                                                      at the end                at the end
                           Item                                                                      of the year               of the year

                           Bank acceptance notes                                               7,454,328,495.53

                           Total                                                               7,454,328,495.53


                (5)        Factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year

                           There was no factoring of accounts receivable written-off for the year




178   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      7.     Other receivables

             Item                                                            Closing balance       Opening balance

             Dividends receivable                                                                          89,630.21
             Other receivables                                                242,816,255.92          145,714,495.24

             Total                                                            242,816,255.92          145,804,125.45


      7.1    Dividends receivable

             (1)     Classification of dividends receivable

                     Investee                                                Closing balance       Opening balance

                     SANPAK ENGINEERING INDUSTRIES                                                           89,630.21

                     Total                                                                                   89,630.21


             (2)     At the end of the year, the Group did not have any significant amount of dividends receivable
                     aged over 1 year.

      7.2    Other receivables

             (1)     Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                  Book value               Book value
                                                                                     as at the                as at the
                                                                                          end               beginning
                     Nature of the amount                                         of the year              of the year

                     Security deposit                                          87,597,261.60           92,707,932.31
                     Refund of tax for exports                                 13,599,113.05            6,920,930.95
                     Other current account                                    227,362,892.71          181,056,905.05

                     Total                                                    328,559,267.36          280,685,768.31




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   179
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        7.2      Other receivables (continued)

                (2)        Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                                                   Book value
                                                                                                                                 as at the end
                           Ageing                                                                                                  of the year

                           Within three months                                                                                  159,695,097.95
                           Over three months but within six months                                                               12,319,229.96
                           Over six months but within one year                                                                   33,720,720.11
                           Over one year                                                                                        122,824,219.34

                           Total                                                                                                328,559,267.36


                (3)        Provision for bad debts for other receivables

                                                               First stage         Second stage            Third stage
                                                                                     Expected credit        Expected credit
                                                               Expected credit    loss in the lifetime   loss in the lifetime
                                                               loss in the next       (without credit            (with credit
                           Provision for bad debts                   12 months           impairment)            impairment)                 Total

                           Balance as at 1 January 2024           1,576,447.61        122,225,464.14          11,169,361.32         134,971,273.07
                           During the year, the book balance
                              of other receivables as at
                              1 January 2024                                 –                      –                      –                    –
                           – transferred to second stage
                           – transferred to third stage                                -3,388,659.17           3,388,659.17
                           – reversed to second stage
                           – reversed to first stage
                           Provision for the year                   780,770.74        -39,353,185.54                                -38,572,414.80
                           Reversal for the year
                           Written-off for the year
                           Charge off for the year                                        -46,082.34                                    -46,082.34
                           Other changes                           -211,296.17        -10,398,468.32                                -10,609,764.49
                           Balance as at 31 December 2024         2,145,922.18         69,039,068.77          14,558,020.49          85,743,011.44


                           Note 1: The amount of other changes arises from the translation of the amount of provision for bad debts
                                   in the foreign currency statements of foreign subsidiaries using spot exchange rates at the balance
                                   sheet date.


                           Note 2: Except for separate assessment, the Group assessed whether the credit risk of financial instruments
                                   since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the aging, and estimated the
                                   expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the lifetime.




180   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      7.2    Other receivables (continued)

             (4)   Provision for bad debts of other receivables that are accrued, recovered or reversed in the
                   current year

                                                                                                 Changes during the year
                                                                 Opening                         Recoveries                          Exchange          Closing
                    Category                                     balance        Provision       or reversals         Write-off    rate changes         balance

                    Separate provision
                    Aging analysis method                   89,113,107.02 -14,292,232.58                            -46,082.34     -211,296.17 74,563,495.93
                    Receivables from related parties        23,555,199.92 -14,204,293.27                                         -5,944,231.19 3,406,675.46
                    Other amount                            22,302,966.13 -10,075,888.95                                         -4,454,237.13 7,772,840.05

                    Total                                   134,971,273.07 -38,572,414.80                           -46,082.34 -10,609,764.49 85,743,011.44


                    Note:      The Group has no significant amount of bad debt provisions recovered or reversed during the year.


             (5)   Other receivables written-off during the year

                    Item                                                                                                            Written-off amount

                    Other receivables written-off                                                                                                46,082.34


             (6)   Top five other receivables by balance of debtors as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                                                                              of total closing   Closing balance
                                                                                                                             balance of other       of provision
                    No.         Nature of the amount                        Closing balance                        Ageing    receivables (%)       for bad debts

                    No. 1       Security deposit                              25,000,000.00                 Over one year                7.61      25,000,000.00
                    No. 2       Refund of tax for exports                     13,599,113.05               Within one year                4.14          27,198.23
                    No. 3       Other current accounts                         7,500,000.00                 Over one year                2.28       7,500,000.00
                    No. 4       Security deposit                               4,700,000.00               Within one year                1.43           9,400.00
                    No. 5       Other current accounts                         4,228,562.49 Within one year, over one year               1.29         396,502.28

                    Total       –                                             55,027,675.54                             –               16.75      32,933,100.51




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    181
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        8.       Prepayments

                (1)        Ageing of prepayments

                                                                   Closing balance                      Opening balance
                           Item                                  Amount                   %            Amount                   %

                           Within one year                 521,439,148.61              99.49     386,713,010.82               99.40
                           Over one year                     2,651,829.56               0.51       2,353,263.34                0.60

                           Total                           524,090,978.17             100.00     389,066,274.16              100.00


                           The Group had no prepayments of significant amount with ageing of over one year as at the end
                           of the period.

                (2)        Top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance

                           During the Year, the total top five prepayments by supplier based on closing balance amounted
                           to RMB315,223,728.19, accounting for 60.15% of total closing balance of prepayments.

        9.       Inventories

                (1)        Classification of inventories

                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                                                     Provision
                                                                                                   for declines           Carrying
                           Item                                                  Book value            in value            amount

                           Raw materials                                    1,289,564,874.18     60,245,563.60 1,229,319,310.58
                           Works in progress                                  759,151,168.44      6,413,805.72   752,737,362.72
                           Finished goods                                   5,647,835,914.41     62,959,633.32 5,584,876,281.09

                           Total                                            7,696,551,957.03    129,619,002.64 7,566,932,954.39


                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                                                     Provision
                                                                                                   for declines           Carrying
                           Item                                                  Book value            in value            amount

                           Raw materials                                    1,299,765,277.95     32,551,279.20 1,267,213,998.75
                           Works in progress                                  705,502,423.53      6,035,772.16   699,466,651.37
                           Finished goods                                   4,863,238,690.81     55,315,902.93 4,807,922,787.88

                           Total                                            6,868,506,392.29     93,902,954.29 6,774,603,438.00




182   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      9.     Inventories (continued)

             (2)     Provision for declines in value of inventories

                                                                     Increase for the year                   Decrease for the year
                                                                                                          Reversed or          Exchange
                     Item                    Opening balance       Provision                 Others        written-off      rate changes    Closing balance

                     Raw materials             32,551,279.20    35,894,417.29                             9,333,620.07      -1,133,487.18     60,245,563.60
                     Works in progress          6,035,772.16     6,459,994.04                             5,877,431.89         204,528.59      6,413,805.72
                     Finished goods            55,315,902.93    84,680,653.32                            76,011,773.19       1,025,149.74     62,959,633.32

                     Total                     93,902,954.29   127,035,064.65                            91,222,825.15          96,191.15    129,619,002.64


             (3)     Basis of the provision for declines in value of inventories and reasons for the reversal or
                     write-off during the year

                                                                                                        Reasons for the write-off of
                                                 Basis of the provision for                             provision for declines in value
                     Item                        declines in value of inventories                       of inventories during the year

                     Raw materials
                                                 The lower of the cost and net                          Removal due to sales and
                     Works in progress
                                                   realizable value                                       consumption for production
                     Finished goods

      10.    Non-current assets due within one year

             Item                                                                                     Closing balance            Opening balance

             Time deposits due within one year                                                    4,883,695,277.78                   3,641,708,361.11

             Total                                                                                4,883,695,277.78                   3,641,708,361.11


      11.    Other current assets

             Item                                                                                     Closing balance            Opening balance

             Time deposits and interest                                                                631,618,371.84                 428,942,015.90
             Prepaid tax and tax deductible                                                            858,852,366.02                 773,825,888.41
             Prepaid expenses and others                                                               196,580,706.12                 208,420,295.59

             Total                                                                                1,687,051,443.98                   1,411,188,199.90


             Note:   Time deposits maturing within one year held by the Group for investment are presented under other current
                     assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024     183
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.             NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
               (continued)

                12.             Long-term equity investments

                                                                                                                          Change for the year
                                                                                                         Gains or
                                                                                                      losses from
                                       Opening           Opening                                      investment Adjustment                            Declaration       Provision                        Closing          Closing
                                        balance        balance of                                      recognised      for other                           of cash             for                        balance       balance of
                                      (Carrying      provision for      Additional     Decrease in   using equity comprehensive Other change             dividend      impairment       Exchange        (Carrying     provision for
Investee                               amount)        impairment        investment     investment         method         income     in equity            or profit           made    rate changes        amount)       impairment

I. Joint ventures
   Hisense Marketing
     Management Co., Ltd.           49,708,956.80                                                       588,945.89                                                                                    50,297,902.69
   Qingdao Hisense Global
     Asia Holding Co., Ltd.         24,044,123.64                                                    -16,920,479.66    2,079,692.32   -3,858,335.43                                                    5,345,000.87
   Subtotal                         73,753,080.44                                                    -16,331,533.77    2,079,692.32   -3,858,335.43                                                   55,642,903.56

II. Associates
    Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
      Holdings Co., Ltd.           406,595,770.08                                                     22,080,932.20                                    13,935,119.89                                 414,741,582.39
    Hisense International
      Co., Ltd.                    192,692,420.64                                                     66,363,530.70 -33,931,430.74     1,741,557.75 106,976,308.00                                   119,889,770.35
    Qingdao Hisense Intelligent
      Electronic Technology
      Co., Ltd                     998,323,846.30                       4,656,996.90     204,723.80 223,578,888.42      208,409.93                    198,942,057.17                   -909,609.05 1,026,711,751.53
    Associates of Sanden
      Corporation                                                     147,000,000.00                    950,944.26                                                                                   147,950,944.26
    Subtotal                      1,597,612,037.02                    151,656,996.90     204,723.80 312,974,295.58 -33,723,020.81      1,741,557.75 319,853,485.06                     -909,609.05 1,709,294,048.53

III. Others
     Jiangxi Kelon Combine
        Electrical Appliances
        Co., Ltd.                                     11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                   11,000,000.00
     Subtotal                                         11,000,000.00                                                                                                                                                   11,000,000.00

Total                             1,671,365,117.46 11,000,000.00 151,656,996.90          204,723.80 296,642,761.81 -31,643,328.49     -2,116,777.68 319,853,485.06                     -909,609.05 1,764,936,952.09 11,000,000.00


                                Notes: (1)               As Jiangxi Kelon Combine Electrical Appliances Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, has
                                                         been declared in liquidation, it has not been included in the consolidated financial statements and
                                                         impairment has been fully provided for the investment cost.
                                          (2)            Qingdao Hisense Jinlong Holdings Co., Ltd. (formerly Qingdao Hisense Financial Holdings Co.,
                                                         Ltd.) is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Jinlong Holdings”.
                                          (3)            Qingdao Hisense Global Asia Holding Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Global Asia
                                                         Holding”.
                                          (4)            H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d. i s h e r e i n a f t e r r e f e r r e d t o a s “H i s e n s e M a r k e t i n g
                                                         Management”.
                                          (5)            Hisense International Co., Ltd. is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense International”.
                                          (6)            Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd is hereinafter referred to as “Hisense
                                                         Intelligent Electronic”.
                                          (7)            As at the end of the Reporting Period, all the joint ventures and associates of the Company were
                                                         unlisted companies.




184         Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      12.    Long-term equity investments (continued)

             Including:

             Item                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

             Unlisted investments:
             Equity method                                            1,764,936,952.09     1,671,365,117.46
             Including: Joint ventures                                   55,642,903.56        73,753,080.44
                        Associates                                    1,709,294,048.53     1,597,612,037.02

             Total                                                    1,764,936,952.09     1,671,365,117.46


      13.    Other equity investment

             Item                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

             Non-trading equity investments                             42,364,813.88          40,244,766.96

             Total                                                      42,364,813.88          40,244,766.96


      14.    Other non-current financial assets

             Item                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      21,332,417.54          27,197,809.69

             Total                                                      21,332,417.54          27,197,809.69




                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   185
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        15.      Investment properties

                (1)        Investment properties measured at cost

                                                                           Buildings
                           Item                                       and structures             Lands            Total

                           I.   Original carrying amount
                           1.   Opening balance                       269,143,187.31     37,924,071.00   307,067,258.31
                           2.   Increase for the year                 115,565,368.22                     115,565,368.22
                           (1)  Acquisition                             5,895,740.68                       5,895,740.68
                           (2)  Transfer from construction under
                                progress                              109,669,627.54                     109,669,627.54
                           3. Decrease for the year                     9,997,693.90     10,229,709.26    20,227,403.16
                           (1) Exchange rate changes                    9,997,693.90     10,229,709.26    20,227,403.16
                           4. Closing balance                         374,710,861.63     27,694,361.74   402,405,223.37
                           II. Accumulated depreciation and
                                accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance                         128,402,894.01        681,641.00   129,084,535.01
                           2. Increase for the year                    23,135,916.22         36,497.00    23,172,413.22
                           (1) Provision or amortisation               23,135,916.22         36,497.00    23,172,413.22
                           (2) Transfer from intangible assets
                           3. Decrease for the year                     3,850,280.50                       3,850,280.50
                           (1) Exchange rate changes                    3,850,280.50                       3,850,280.50
                           4. Closing balance                         147,688,529.73        718,138.00   148,406,667.73
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance
                           2. Increase for the year
                           3. Decrease for the year
                           4. Closing balance
                           IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Carrying amount as at the end of the
                                year                                  227,022,331.90     26,976,223.74   253,998,555.64
                           2. Carrying amount as at the beginning
                                of the year                           140,740,293.30     37,242,430.00   177,982,723.30


                (2)        Investment properties without ownership certificates

                           Item                  Carrying amount Reason for failure to obtain ownership certificates

                           Mee King Building           689,725.19 Due to historical reasons; in the process of
                                                                     application
                           A commercial             46,919,164.01 in the process of property rights application
                             apartment located
                             at No. 7 Liaoyang
                             Road




186   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      16.    Fixed assets

                                                                                                                           Closing                            Opening
             Item                                                                                                 carrying amount                     carrying amount

             Fixed assets                                                                                          5,648,279,219.22                    5,662,566,792.19
             Disposal of fixed assets                                                                                    363,860.34                          345,709.84


             Total                                                                                                 5,648,643,079.56                    5,662,912,502.03


             16.1    Fixed assets

                     (1)    Particulars of fixed assets

                                                                                                                                       Electronic
                                                                                                                                      equipment,
                                                                                                Buildings and   Machinery and          appliances    Transportation
                            Item                                                     Lands         structures      equipment        and furniture        equipment              Total

                            I.   Original carrying amount
                            1.   Opening balance                              327,133,888.08 3,990,154,356.71 5,569,616,652.38 3,496,673,038.66       78,132,300.88 13,461,710,236.71
                            2.   Increase for the year                          1,036,030.53 112,984,501.89 784,073,403.56 195,566,907.17             20,900,535.86 1,114,561,379.01
                                 (1) Additions                                                  33,852,093.82 302,689,649.05 144,192,966.85           17,896,439.99 498,631,149.71
                                 (2) Transfer from construction in progress                     79,132,408.07 481,383,754.51      51,373,940.32        3,004,095.87 614,894,198.77
                                 (3) Exchange rate changes                      1,036,030.53                                                                             1,036,030.53
                            3. Decrease for the year                              541,104.75 112,814,434.15 328,342,901.22 230,643,174.23             19,921,105.19 692,262,719.54
                                 (1) Disposal or retirement                       541,104.75    22,559,724.11 247,115,491.43 210,792,947.48           18,586,417.13 499,595,684.90
                                 (2) Exchange rate changes                                      90,254,710.04    81,227,409.79    19,850,226.75        1,334,688.06 192,667,034.64
                            4. Closing balance                                327,628,813.86 3,990,324,424.45 6,025,347,154.72 3,461,596,771.60       79,111,731.55 13,884,008,896.18
                            II. Accumulated depreciation
                            1. Opening balance                                                1,713,488,070.20 2,980,089,516.29 2,787,475,233.45      34,846,453.32 7,515,899,273.26
                            2. Increase for the year                                            179,528,485.20 493,641,537.45 175,307,382.19          10,924,000.68 859,401,405.52
                                 (1) Provision                                                  179,528,485.20 493,641,537.45 175,307,382.19          10,924,000.68 859,401,405.52
                            3. Decrease for the year                                             28,583,272.76 210,821,996.02 192,843,676.23           3,417,778.12 435,666,723.13
                                 (1) Disposal or retirement                                      12,746,735.68 210,271,275.36 184,204,368.11           2,836,793.50 410,059,172.65
                                 (2) Exchange rate changes                                       15,836,537.08       550,720.66     8,639,308.12         580,984.62    25,607,550.48
                            4. Closing balance                                                1,864,433,282.64 3,262,909,057.72 2,769,938,939.41      42,352,675.88 7,939,633,955.65
                            III. Provision for impairment
                            1. Opening balance                                                   9,076,269.26    181,662,476.78     92,113,523.45        391,901.77    283,244,171.26
                            2. Increase for the year                                                              28,246,298.03      5,096,428.01         84,261.29     33,426,987.33
                                 (1) Provision                                                                    28,246,298.03      5,096,428.01         84,261.29     33,426,987.33
                            3. Decrease for the year                                               278,282.45     12,898,357.46      7,366,870.23         31,927.14     20,575,437.28
                                 (1) Disposal or retirement                                        278,282.45      4,850,633.79        283,603.99          1,190.00      5,413,710.23
                                 (2) Exchange rate changes                                                         8,047,723.67      7,083,266.24         30,737.14     15,161,727.05
                            4. Closing balance                                                   8,797,986.81    197,010,417.35     89,843,081.23        444,235.92    296,095,721.31
                            IV. Carrying amount
                            1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year      327,628,813.86 2,117,093,155.00 2,565,427,679.65     601,814,750.96     36,314,819.75 5,648,279,219.22
                            2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the
                                 year                                         327,133,888.08 2,267,590,017.25 2,407,864,659.31     617,084,281.76     42,893,945.79 5,662,566,792.19




                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         187
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        16.      Fixed assets (continued)

                 16.1      Fixed assets (continued)

                           (2)   Fixed assets leased out under operating lease

                                                                                                                                 Closing
                                 Item                                                                                   carrying amount

                                 Buildings and structures                                                                  371,520,728.14
                                 Machinery and equipments, etc.                                                              4,682,468.66
                                 Transportation equipment                                                                      347,172.13

                                 Total                                                                                     376,550,368.93


                           (3)   Fixed assets without ownership certificates

                                                                         Reason for failure to obtain ownership
                                 Item                    Carrying amount certificates

                                 Buildings and              269,177,952.62 T r a n s f e r r e d t o f i x e d a s s e t s o n a c h i e v i n g
                                   structures                                 scheduled availability and in the process of
                                                                              application for ownership certificates

                           (4)   Impairment test of fixed assets

                                 The recoverable amount is determined as the net of fair value less disposal costs

                                                                                     Carrying            Recoverable             Impairment
                                 Item                                                 amount                 amount                 amount

                                 Machinery and equipments                       86,955,766.65          58,709,468.62           28,246,298.03
                                 Electronic equipment, appliances and
                                   furniture                                    16,132,955.48          11,036,527.47            5,096,428.01
                                 Transportation equipment                          156,640.14              72,378.85               84,261.29

                                 Total                                        103,245,362.27           69,818,374.94           33,426,987.33


                                 The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of a fixed
                                 asset for which there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and
                                 recognised on an individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on
                                 the basis of the market price in fair transactions, or where there is no active market
                                 for the asset, the fair value of the asset is estimated on the basis of the best available
                                 information. Disposal costs include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling fees
                                 related to the disposal of assets and direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a
                                 saleable condition.




188   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      16.    Fixed assets (continued)

             16.2    Disposal of fixed assets

                     Item                                                                                      Closing balance            Opening balance

                     Disposal of fixed assets                                                                       363,860.34                       345,709.84

                     Total                                                                                          363,860.34                       345,709.84


      17.    Construction in progress

             Item                                                                                              Closing balance            Opening balance

             Construction in progress                                                                           674,456,905.57               443,523,694.21

             Total                                                                                              674,456,905.57               443,523,694.21


             (1)     Breakdown of construction in progress

                                                                           Closing balance                                        Opening balance
                                                                               Impairment          Carrying                           Impairment           Carrying
                     Item                                    Book value          provision          amount          Book value          provision           amount

                     Refrigerator production line project 25,576,269.40                        25,576,269.40       3,076,052.62                         3,076,052.62
                     A dormitory building in Pingdu
                       Industrial Park                    121,253,940.32                      121,253,940.32       1,727,884.83                         1,727,884.83
                     GEN5 electric press production
                       line                               229,713,759.38                      229,713,759.38      42,901,352.99                        42,901,352.99
                     Staff apartment project                                                                     103,176,525.50                       103,176,525.50
                     Refrigerator production line
                       expansion project                                                                          11,766,283.11                        11,766,283.11
                     Others                               343,781,192.61      45,868,256.14   297,912,936.47     328,806,100.92      47,930,505.76    280,875,595.16

                     Total                               720,325,161.71       45,868,256.14   674,456,905.57     491,454,199.97      47,930,505.76    443,523,694.21




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024     189
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

            17.          Construction in progress (continued)

                         (2)           Changes in construction in progress during the year

                                                                              Decrease for the year
                                                                                                                                                     Accumulative
                                            Opening           Increase      Transferred                                                                contribution              Source
Name of construction                        balance       for the year    to fixed assets   Other decrease Closing balance               Budget      in budget (%)    Progress   of funding

Refrigerator production line project      3,076,052.62    33,141,564.32    10,641,347.54                           25,576,269.40   767,677,318.00             92.67 92.67        Self funding
A dormitory building in Pingdu            1,727,884.83   119,526,055.49                                           121,253,940.32   158,814,287.00             76.35 76.35        Self funding
  Industrial Park
GEN5 electric press production line      42,901,352.99   193,909,925.57                        7,097,519.18       229,713,759.38   349,000,000.00             65.82 65.82        Self funding
Staff apartment project                 103,176,525.50       382,502.68                      103,559,028.18
Refrigerator production line             11,766,283.11    15,926,637.16    27,692,920.27
  expansion project
Others                                  328,806,100.92   599,850,488.62   576,559,930.96       8,315,465.97       343,781,192.61

Total                                   491,454,199.97   962,737,173.84   614,894,198.77     118,972,013.33       720,325,161.71


                                       Note:     All construction in progress of the Company were self-funded, without capitalisation of borrowing
                                                 cost and interest.


                         (3)           Provision for impairment of construction in progress during the year

                                                                                     Provision
                                       Item                                        for the year               Reason for provision

                                       Other projects                             2,691,503.90                Recoverable amount is less than carrying amount

                                       Total                                      2,691,503.90                –


                         (4)           Impairment testing of construction in progress

                                       Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                                                                                         Carrying              Recoverable                  Impairment
                                       Item                                                                               amount                   amount                      amount

                                       Other product line related assets                                           3,668,593.08                     977,089.18              2,691,503.90

                                       Total                                                                       3,668,593.08                     977,089.18              2,691,503.90


                                       The Group measures impairment by estimating the recoverable amount of construction in
                                       progress for which there is any sign of impairment. Impairment of assets is calculated and
                                       recognised on an individual asset basis. The fair value of an asset is determined on the basis of
                                       the market price in fair transactions, or where there is no active market for the asset, the fair
                                       value of the asset is estimated on the basis of the best available information. Disposal costs
                                       include legal expenses, relevant taxes and handling fees related to the disposal of assets and
                                       direct expenses incurred to bring the assets to a saleable condition.




190      Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      18.    Right-of-use assets

                                                                                     Machinery,
                                                                  Buildings and      equipment
             Item                                                    structures      and others                    Total

             I.   Original carrying amount
             1.   Opening balance                                 299,984,465.58   47,126,238.56       347,110,704.14
             2.   Increase for the year                            70,545,168.65   12,835,625.16        83,380,793.81
                  (1) Rental                                       70,545,168.65   12,835,625.16        83,380,793.81
             3. Decrease for the year                              43,336,827.55    7,941,850.84        51,278,678.39
                  (1) Disposal                                     39,000,391.79    6,151,885.69        45,152,277.48
                  (2) Exchange rate changes                         4,336,435.76    1,789,965.15         6,126,400.91
             4. Closing balance                                   327,192,806.68   52,020,012.88       379,212,819.56
             II. Accumulated depreciation
             1. Opening balance                                   154,515,053.62   22,943,140.68       177,458,194.30
             2. Increase for the year                              73,102,969.42    8,581,122.53        81,684,091.95
                  (1) Provision                                    73,102,969.42    8,581,122.53        81,684,091.95
             3. Decrease for the year                              40,628,816.59    2,733,289.45        43,362,106.04
                  (1) Disposal                                     32,257,553.08      848,665.37        33,106,218.45
                  (2) Exchange rate changes                         8,371,263.51    1,884,624.08        10,255,887.59
             4. Closing balance                                   186,989,206.45   28,790,973.76       215,780,180.21
             III. Provision for impairment
             1. Opening balance                                        49,158.53     224,530.44            273,688.97
             2. Increase for the year
             3. Decrease for the year                                   3,896.42      17,796.81             21,693.23
                  (1) Exchange rate changes                             3,896.42      17,796.81             21,693.23
             4. Closing balance                                        45,262.11     206,733.63            251,995.74
             IV. Carrying amount
             1. Carrying amount as at the end of the year         140,158,338.12   23,022,305.49       163,180,643.61
             2. Carrying amount as at the beginning of the year   145,420,253.43   23,958,567.44       169,378,820.87




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    191
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        19.      Intangible assets

                (1)        Breakdown of intangible assets

                                                                      Land       Trademark
                           Item                                  use rights          rights      Know-how      Sales channels          Others              Total

                           I.   Original carrying amount
                           1.   Opening balance           1,065,778,734.06    660,643,862.44   91,147,370.55   794,759,590.57   515,646,165.53   3,127,975,723.15
                           2.   Increase for the year       167,750,029.78                                                       96,151,920.98     263,901,950.76
                                (1) Additions               163,789,540.00                                                       96,151,920.98     259,941,460.98
                                (2) Exchange rate changes     3,960,489.78                                                                           3,960,489.78
                           3. Decrease for the year                                             6,610,534.03                     25,491,804.64      32,102,338.67
                                (1) Disposal                                                    6,541,445.91                     17,013,113.35      23,554,559.26
                                (2) Exchange rate changes                                          69,088.12                      8,478,691.29       8,547,779.41
                           4. Closing balance             1,233,528,763.84    660,643,862.44   84,536,836.52   794,759,590.57   586,306,281.87   3,359,775,335.24
                           II. Accumulated amortisation
                           1. Opening balance               339,347,507.40    263,274,752.40   55,780,477.04   405,839,072.08   361,940,490.55   1,426,182,299.47
                           2. Increase for the year          23,688,739.69      1,300,000.00    4,546,202.79    96,040,565.98    50,634,336.76     176,209,845.22
                                (1) Provision                23,688,739.69      1,300,000.00    4,546,202.79    96,040,565.98    50,634,336.76     176,209,845.22
                           3. Decrease for the year              89,291.18                      5,172,286.54                     15,613,616.58      20,875,194.30
                                (1) Disposal                                                    5,103,042.62                     13,993,938.04      19,096,980.66
                                (2) Exchange rate changes        89,291.18                         69,243.92                      1,619,678.54       1,778,213.64
                           4. Closing balance               362,946,955.91    264,574,752.40   55,154,393.29   501,879,638.06   396,961,210.73   1,581,516,950.39
                           III. Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance                50,012,843.19    286,061,116.40                                     23,863,536.94    359,937,496.53
                           2. Increase for the year                                                                              13,585,844.60     13,585,844.60
                                (1) Provision                                                                                    13,585,844.60     13,585,844.60
                           3. Decrease for the year                                                                               2,106,825.84      2,106,825.84
                                (1) Exchange rate changes                                                                         2,106,825.84      2,106,825.84
                           4. Closing balance                50,012,843.19    286,061,116.40                                     35,342,555.70    371,416,515.29
                           IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Carrying amount as at the
                                end of the year             820,568,964.74    110,007,993.64   29,382,443.23   292,879,952.51   154,002,515.44   1,406,841,869.56
                           2. Carrying amount as at the
                                beginning of the year       676,418,383.47    111,307,993.64   35,366,893.51   388,920,518.49   129,842,138.04   1,341,855,927.15




192   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.           NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             (continued)

             19.           Intangible assets (continued)

                           (2)          There were no land use rights whose certificates of ownership are pending as at the end of
                                        the Year

                           (3)          Impairment testing of intangible assets

                                        1)           Determination of the net recoverable amount at fair value minus disposal costs

                                                     In 2024, the Group made an impairment provision of RMB13,585,844.60for other categories
                                                     of intangible assets, corresponding to a carrying amount of RMB13,585,844.60, mainly due
                                                     to the full amount of impairment provision for software and other assets without any
                                                     disposal value.

                                        2)           Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected
                                                     future cash flows

                                                                                                  Number of                                                                              Basis for determining
                                                                   Recoverable   Impairment      years in the   Key parameters for                       Key parameters for              key parameters for the
Item                                         Carrying amount           amount       amount    forecast period   the forecast period                      the stabilisation period        stabilisation period

Trademarks with uncertain useful life          101,666,327.00 1,276,461,702.94                        5 years   Income growth rate: 0%;                  Income growth rate, sales       The income growth rate
                                                                                                                S a l e s c o m m i s s i o n r a t e:   commission rate, discount       during the stabilisation period
                                                                                                                1.73%; Discount rate: 19.30%             rate                            is 0%; Sales commission
                                                                                                                                                                                         rate and discount rate are
                                                                                                                                                                                         consistent with those for
                                                                                                                                                                                         the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                                         period.

Total                                          101,666,327.00 1,276,461,702.94                             –    –                                        –                               –


                                                     Note:      The Company commissioned an independent and specific third party to appraise the value
                                                                of our “Kelon” and “Rongshen” brands in 2005. According to the “Asset Appraisal Report
                                                                on the Verification Project of the Value of Trademarks and Intangible Assets of Guangdong
                                                                Kelon Electric Appliances Co., Ltd.” issued by the third party, the appraised value of the
                                                                “Rongshen” and “Kelon” brands was RMB118,378,600.00, of which the appraised value
                                                                o f “R o n g s h e n” b r a n d w a s R M B79,905,500.00, t h e a p p r a i s e d v a l u e o f “K e l o n” b r a n d
                                                                was RMB38,473,100.00, and the appraisal impairment was RMB286,061,116.40 as at 31
                                                                December 2005.


                                                     The Company calculated the cash flows generated from the trademark rights using the
                                                     relief from royalty method, and therefore the recoverable amount was estimated based on
                                                     the trademark rights assets, which is determined based on the present value of expected
                                                     future cash flows. The Company predicted Income growth rate and prepared net profit
                                                     and cash flow forecasts for the next 5 years according to the principle of prudence based
                                                     on historical actual operating data, long-term planning, signed contracts and other data,
                                                     combined with market capacity growth rate, market share and external competition and
                                                     other factors, assuming that the cash flow remains unchanged after 5 years. According
                                                     to the results of the impairment test, there was no further impairment of these trademark
                                                     rights as at the end of the Year and no provision for impairment was made.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024          193
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        20.      Goodwill

                (1)        Original value of goodwill

                                                                                   Increase          Decrease
                           Name of investees             Opening balance       for the Year      for the Year     Closing balance

                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi
                             Air-Conditioning
                             Systems Co., Ltd.             132,571,746.36                                          132,571,746.36
                           Sanden Holdings
                             Corporation                    93,837,131.40                                           93,837,131.40

                           Total                           226,408,877.76                                          226,408,877.76


                (2)        Relevant information on the asset group or portfolio to which goodwill belongs

                                                                                                                   Whether
                                                                                                                   keeping
                                                                                                                   consistent
                                                     Composition and basis of the              Business            with
                                                     asset group or portfolio to               segment             previous
                           Name                      which it belongs                          and basis           years

                           Qingdao Hisense           The goodwill formed by the Company’s      For internal        Consistent
                             Hitachi Air-            acquisition of Hisense Hitachi is         management
                             Conditioning            reflected in the operation of air         purposes, this
                             Systems Co.,            conditioning business asset group of      asset group
                             Ltd.                    Hisense Hitachi on the acquisition        belongs to the
                                                     date. Since it can generate cash flow     air-conditioning
                                                     independently, the Company regards        segment
                                                     development, design, manufacturing
                                                     and sales of air-conditioning products
                                                     of Hisense Hitachi as an individual
                                                     asset group and allocated the goodwill
                                                     of RMB132,571,746.36 to the asset
                                                     group.
                           Sanden Holdings           The goodwill formed by the Company’s      For internal        Consistent
                             Corporation             acquisition of Sanden Holdings            management
                                                     Corporation is reflected in the related   purposes, this
                                                     business asset group of automotive        asset group
                                                     air-conditioning compressors and          belongs to other
                                                     integrated thermal management systems     segments
                                                     on the acquisition date. Since it can
                                                     generate cash flow independently, the
                                                     Company regards development, design,
                                                     manufacturing and sales of automotive
                                                     air-conditioning compressors and
                                                     integrated thermal management
                                                     systems of the Company as an asset
                                                     group and allocated the goodwill of
                                                     RMB93,837,131.40 to the asset group.




194   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.          NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
            (continued)

             20.          Goodwill (continued)

                          (3)        Determination of recoverable amount according to the present value of the expected future
                                     cash flows

                           Carrying amount
                           of an asset group
                              or portfolio of                                                                                                           Key parameters         Basis for determining
                                asset groups                                      Number of     Key parameters        Basis for determining             for the                key parameters for
                              containing full     Recoverable    Impairment      years in the   for the               key parameters for                stabilisation          the stabilisation
Items                               goodwill          amount        amount    forecast period   forecast period       the forecast period               period                 period

Qingdao Hisense Hitachi     1,796,721,191.46 27,267,087,283.09                        5 years   Income growth         Income growth rate: 2.50%-        Income growth          The income growth rate during
    Air-Conditioning                                                                            rate, profit          6.54%;                            rate, profit margin,   the stabilisation period is 0%;
    Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                           margin, discount      Profit margin: 14.23%-15.19%      discount rate          Profit margin and discount
                                                                                                rate                  Discount rate: 12.44%                                    rate are consistent with those
                                                                                                                                                                               for the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                               period
Sanden Holdings             2,417,445,376.12 2,435,190,553.29                         6 years   Income growth         Income growth rate: 5.56%-        Income growth          The income growth rate during
    Corporation                                                                                 rate, profit          18.45%;                           rate, profit margin,   the stabilisation period is 0%;
                                                                                                margin, discount      Profit margin: -2.00%-4.40%       discount rate          Profit margin and discount
                                                                                                rate                  Discount rate: 11.94%                                    rate are consistent with those
                                                                                                                                                                               for the last year in the forecast
                                                                                                                                                                               period


                                      Note:      Based on the principle of prudence, the key parameters for the forecast period do not constitute a
                                                 commitment to future performance.


             21.          Long-term prepaid expenses

                                                                                                                                                                        Other
                                                                                         Opening                 Increase           Amortization                   deductions                       Closing
                          Item                                                           balance             for the year            for the year                 for the year                      balance

                          Long-term prepaid expenses                              40,734,232.78           30,039,401.34             25,097,954.57                   897,404.90             44,778,274.65

                          Total                                                   40,734,232.78           30,039,401.34             25,097,954.57                   897,404.90             44,778,274.65


             22.          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities

                          (1)        Undeducted deferred tax assets

                                                                                                Closing balance                                                  Opening balance
                                                                                          Deductible                                                     Deductible
                                                                                          temporary                        Deferred                      temporary                              Deferred
                                      Item                                                 difference                     tax assets                      difference                           tax assets

                                      Provision for impairment of
                                        assets                                     349,912,211.76                    70,404,861.31                    334,544,586.58                  69,407,745.06
                                      Accrued expenses                           5,089,400,871.39                   890,759,146.82                  5,213,201,415.36                 952,917,557.88
                                      Others                                     1,173,270,578.22                   250,129,955.49                  1,042,708,500.77                 204,484,349.27

                                      Total                                      6,612,583,661.37                  1,211,293,963.62                 6,590,454,502.71              1,226,809,652.21


                                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024             195
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        22.      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

                (2)        Undeducted deferred tax liabilities

                                                                      Closing balance                           Opening balance
                                                                    Taxable                                    Taxable
                                                                 temporary         Deferred tax             temporary            Deferred tax
                           Item                                   difference          liabilities            difference             liabilities

                           Accelerated depreciation          569,998,193.49        92,067,949.54       508,897,224.91           80,973,714.15
                           Transactional financial assets    105,861,885.51        26,400,191.38        69,225,594.91           17,181,198.73
                           Asset appraisal appreciation
                             due to business combination
                             involving entities not under
                             common control                  226,552,008.79        43,936,083.21       253,062,239.80           49,463,778.67
                           Others                            378,114,288.20       110,330,305.24       384,983,049.80          112,029,824.75

                           Total                            1,280,526,375.99      272,734,529.37     1,216,168,109.42          259,648,516.30


                (3)        Deferred tax assets or liabilities stated at net of offset

                                                                    Deferred              Closing             Deferred                 Opening
                                                                   tax assets         balance of             tax assets             balance of
                                                              and liabilities       deferred tax         and liabilities          deferred tax
                                                             offset amounts           assets and     offset amounts at                assets or
                                                                  at the end     liabilities after       the beginning         liabilities after
                           Item                                  of the year           offsetting           of the year              offsetting

                           Deferred tax assets               123,792,203.08     1,087,501,760.54       101,213,141.47         1,125,596,510.74
                           Deferred tax liabilities          123,792,203.08       148,942,326.29       101,213,141.47           158,435,374.83


                (4)        Breakdown of unrecognized deferred tax assets

                           Item                                                               Closing balance              Opening balance

                           Deductible temporary difference                                   2,938,607,530.24              1,828,139,962.25
                           Deductible tax loss                                               3,906,398,730.09              3,180,838,738.98

                           Total                                                             6,845,006,260.33              5,008,978,701.23




196   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      22.    Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (continued)

             (5)     The deductible tax losses for unrecognized deferred tax assets will expire in following
                     timeframe

                     Year                      Closing balance      Opening balance         Remark

                     2024                                               11,347,033.31
                     2025                        73,589,281.73          78,313,089.48
                     2026                        85,524,950.29         126,754,665.56
                     2027                        21,995,779.17         202,115,127.12
                     2028                        40,657,883.30         191,510,291.65
                     2029（Opening
                       balance at 2029
                       and afterwards)）         804,004,546.01       2,570,798,531.86
                     2030 and afterwards      2,880,626,289.59

                     Total                    3,906,398,730.09       3,180,838,738.98


      23.    Other non-current assets

             Item                                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

             Term deposit and interest                                            5,629,989,722.22         9,750,910,000.02
             Others                                                                 229,595,488.21           128,465,091.43

             Total                                                                5,859,585,210.43         9,879,375,091.45


             Note:   Term deposit with maturity over one year held by the Group for investment is presented under other non-
                     current assets, but not recognised as cash and cash equivalents.


      24.    Assets with restrictions on ownership or right of use

                                                                   As at the end of the Year
                                                Book            Carrying      Type of
             Items                            balance            amount     restrictions    Restrictions

             Monetary funds          2,206,424,837.18 2,206,424,837.18        Deposit       Deposit for issuing bank
                                                                                               acceptance bills
             Notes receivable            6,497,691.77       6,497,691.77       Pledge       Pledge to issue bank acceptance
                                                                                            bills
             Fixed assets              254,449,370.44     153,196,051.63     Mortgage       For a loan
             Inventories               290,934,953.05     164,024,890.93     Mortgage       For a loan
             Accounts receivable       168,924,449.74     168,924,449.74      Pledge        For a loan
             Construction in            15,674,615.33      15,674,615.33     Mortgage       For a loan
               progress

             Total                   2,942,905,917.51 2,714,742,536.58            –          –




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   197
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        25.      Short-term borrowings

                (1)        Classification of short-term borrowings

                           Categories of borrowings                                          Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Credit borrowings                                                   874,565,707.16      121,475,530.12
                           Guarantee borrowings                                              1,759,923,593.80    2,358,953,905.88
                           Mortgage borrowings                                                  74,226,050.50       21,888,878.58

                           Total                                                             2,708,715,351.46    2,502,318,314.58


                (2)        There are no overdue short-term borrowings as at the end of the year.

        26.      Transactional financial liabilities

                 Item                                                                        Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Transactional financial liabilities                                             3,552,841.18      54,355,584.93
                 Including: Derivative financial liabilities                                     3,552,841.18      54,355,584.93

                 Total                                                                           3,552,841.18      54,355,584.93


                 Notes to transactional financial liabilities:

                 They mainly represent the Group’s outstanding forward contracts with banks, which are recognized
                 as transactional financial assets or liabilities based on the difference between the quoted prices of the
                 outstanding forward contracts and the forward exchange rates at the end of the year.

        27.      Notes payable

                 Categories of notes                                                         Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Bank acceptance notes                                                      10,364,589,342.06    9,101,350,361.29
                 Commercial acceptance notes                                                 5,768,177,155.27    5,507,079,017.45

                 Total                                                                      16,132,766,497.33   14,608,429,378.74


                 Note:     There were no overdue notes payable as at the end of the year.




198   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      28.    Accounts payable

             (1)     Accounts payable

                     Ageing                                                Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Within one year                                     12,809,375,585.21    12,007,211,767.15
                     Over one year                                           38,913,648.41        42,665,465.05

                     Total                                               12,848,289,233.62    12,049,877,232.20


             (2)     The Group had no significant accounts payable aged over one year or overdue as at the end
                     of the year

      29.    Advances from customers

             Category                                                      Closing balance     Opening balance

             Rent received in advance                                         2,745,211.29           3,833,256.75

             Total                                                            2,745,211.29           3,833,256.75


      30.    Contract liability

             (1)     Contract liability

                     Item                                                  Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Advance on sales                                     1,838,591,086.05     1,440,254,499.57

                     Total                                                1,838,591,086.05     1,440,254,499.57


             (2)     The Group had no significant contract liability aged over one year as at the end of the
                     year.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   199
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        31.      Employee remunerations payable

                (1)        Classification of employee remunerations payable

                                                                                           Increase           Decrease
                           Item                                Opening balance         for the year        for the year    Closing balance

                           Short-term remuneration             1,371,370,657.43    8,605,025,652.54    8,627,336,195.01    1,349,060,114.96
                           Post-employment benefits –
                             defined contribution plans            1,968,535.48     530,208,201.07      526,247,718.85         5,929,017.70
                           Others                                    476,958.68     139,610,720.48       53,157,340.90        86,930,338.26

                           Total                               1,373,816,151.59    9,274,844,574.09    9,206,741,254.76    1,441,919,470.92


                (2)        Short-term remuneration

                                                                                            Increase           Decrease
                           Item                                Opening balance          for the year        for the year    Closing balance

                           Salaries, bonuses, allowances and
                             subsidies                          1,324,851,984.81    7,450,513,038.47    7,482,415,628.31    1,292,949,394.97
                           Staff welfare                           33,064,127.93      369,540,170.31      365,243,453.81       37,360,844.43
                           Social insurance                         7,210,567.49      474,074,178.54      473,372,164.12        7,912,581.91
                           Including: Medical insurance             5,799,422.25      446,128,693.83      445,723,385.46        6,204,730.62
                                      Work-related injury
                                         insurance                  1,382,276.73      27,820,184.45       27,496,677.46         1,705,783.72
                                      Maternity insurance              28,868.51         125,300.26          152,101.20             2,067.57
                           Housing provident funds                  3,352,735.86     255,238,195.59      253,131,903.78         5,459,027.67
                           Labour union funds and employee
                             education funds                        2,891,241.34      55,660,069.63       53,173,044.99         5,378,265.98

                           Total                                1,371,370,657.43   8,605,025,652.54    8,627,336,195.01    1,349,060,114.96


                (3)        Defined contribution plans

                                                                                           Increase           Decrease
                           Item                                Opening balance         for the year        for the year    Closing balance

                           Basic pension insurance                 1,904,658.85     475,725,526.85      472,422,350.12         5,207,835.58
                           Unemployment insurance                     63,876.63      54,482,674.22       53,825,368.73           721,182.12

                           Total                                   1,968,535.48     530,208,201.07      526,247,718.85         5,929,017.70




200   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      32.    Taxes payable

             Item                                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

             Value-added tax                                               150,597,669.85         129,595,207.99
             Enterprise income tax                                         282,501,871.55         508,299,564.69
             Individual income tax                                          31,208,415.17          34,956,876.42
             City maintenance and construction tax                          11,659,225.61           9,577,038.52
             Real estate tax                                                12,661,448.19          12,538,017.12
             Land use tax                                                   15,606,494.32          14,665,398.83
             Educational surcharges                                          9,151,514.80           7,080,939.51
             Others                                                         24,327,132.94          57,659,046.59

             Total                                                         537,713,772.43         774,372,089.67


      33.    Other payables

             Item                                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

             Dividends payable                                               89,718,011.42        70,574,497.68
             Other payables                                               5,300,124,294.55     4,600,099,516.52

             Total                                                        5,389,842,305.97     4,670,674,014.20


             33.1    Dividends payable

                     Item                                                 Closing balance      Opening balance

                     Dividends on ordinary shares                           89,718,011.42          70,574,497.68

                     Total                                                  89,718,011.42          70,574,497.68


             33.2    Other payables

                     (1)     Other payables by nature

                             Item                                         Closing balance      Opening balance

                             Current account                              3,486,473,609.03     3,089,481,175.74
                             Deposit and margin                           1,337,665,250.46     1,167,578,825.36
                             Payment for project and equipment              475,985,435.06       343,039,515.42

                             Total                                        5,300,124,294.55     4,600,099,516.52


                     (2)     The Group had no significant other payables aged over one year or overdue as at
                             the end of the year.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   201
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        34.      Non-current liabilities due within one year

                 Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Long-term borrowings due within one year                           17,839,924.01        15,204,736.26
                 Lease liabilities due within one year                              84,088,412.05       106,473,201.03

                 Total                                                             101,928,336.06       121,677,937.29


        35.      Other current liabilities

                 Item                    Closing balance       Opening balance    Reasons for the balance

                 Installation fees       1,259,073,694.44      1,268,994,692.74   Installation fee provided for but not
                                                                                    yet paid in respect of goods sold
                 Sales discounts         3,637,183,331.89      3,491,257,535.59   Incurred but not yet settled
                 Others                  2,017,045,810.70      1,682,231,558.01   Incurred but not yet settled

                 Total                   6,913,302,837.03      6,442,483,786.34


        36.      Long-term borrowings

                 Types of borrowings                                              Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Secured borrowings                                                 61,260,113.84         56,720,490.51
                 Credit borrowings                                                   5,951,006.81          1,440,898.21
                 Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year                     17,839,924.01         15,204,736.26

                 Total                                                              49,371,196.64         42,956,652.46


        37.      Lease liabilities

                 Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

                 Lease liabilities                                                 161,471,272.87       208,946,083.77

                 Total                                                             161,471,272.87       208,946,083.77




202   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      38.    Long-term employee remunerations payable

             Item                                                                   Closing balance        Opening balance

             Post-employment benefits – Net liability for defined benefit
               plans                                                                  77,923,347.90            105,961,766.83

             Total                                                                    77,923,347.90            105,961,766.83


      39.    Provisions

             Item                         Closing balance        Opening balance     Reason for occurrence

             Pending litigation              7,629,490.41          115,479,065.21    Estimated litigation compensation
             Provision for warranties      996,029,125.88        1,017,020,555.28    Estimated quality guarantee of products
             Others                         98,678,574.21           97,467,969.25    Estimated other expenditures

             Total                       1,102,337,190.50        1,229,967,589.74    –


      40.    Deferred income

             (1)     Classification of deferred income

                                                                  Increase       Decrease                       Reason for
                     Item                Opening balance      for the year    for the year   Closing balance    occurrence

                     Government grants    149,189,343.53    242,396,606.79   56,993,062.16    334,592,888.16    Amortization of
                                                                                                                government grants

                     Total                149,189,343.53    242,396,606.79   56,993,062.16    334,592,888.16    –




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    203
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        40.      Deferred income (continued)

                (2)         Government grants

                                                                                          New Amount included
                                                                               grants received in other income               Exchange                             Related to
                            Government grants              Opening balance     during the year during the year            rate changes    Closing balance         assets/income

                            Industrial design development
                               promotion grant                 5,000,000.00                             5,000,000.00                                              Related to assets
                            Technological transformation
                               project                         8,454,736.78      47,829,100.00         25,565,472.76                           30,718,364.02      Related to assets
                            Transformation project on
                               system integration technology
                               of green supply chain of
                               freezers                        6,225,419.78                             1,381,194.84                            4,844,224.94      Related to assets
                            Government subsidy from the
                               management committee of
                               the Ningxiang Economic and
                               Technical Development Zone                       156,940,000.00                                                156,940,000.00      Related to assets
                            Other related to income              400,000.00         409,500.00                                                    809,500.00      Related to income
                            Other related to assets          107,659,186.97      16,485,140.00         23,295,335.08      7,660,213.12        108,509,205.01      Related to assets
                            Funds from the state debenture
                               projects for enterprise
                               technical advancement and
                               industry upgrade               21,450,000.00      13,072,653.67          1,751,059.48                           32,771,594.19      Related to assets

                            Total                            149,189,343.53     234,736,393.67         56,993,062.16      7,660,213.12        334,592,888.16


        41.      Other non-current liabilities

                 Item                                                                                                  Closing balance                Opening balance

                 Long-term dividends payable                                                                            523,425,922.76                    597,352,709.07
                 Others                                                                                                   9,984,017.74                     15,534,662.94

                 Total                                                                                                  533,409,940.50                    612,887,372.01


        42.      Share capital

                                                                                                  Change for the year (+,-)
                                                        Opening            Issue of                            Conversion Repurchase and                                     Closing
                 Item                                   balance         new shares       Bonus issue         from reserve    cancellation              Subtotal              balance

                 Total shares                   1,387,935,370.00                                                              -1,924,965.00       -1,924,965.00 1,386,010,405.00


                 Note:      During the Year, the Company repurchased and cancelled 1,924,965.00 restricted shares that had been
                            granted but not unlocked.




204   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      43.    Capital reserve

                                                                                    Increase         Decrease
             Item                                      Opening balance          for the Year     for the Year    Closing balance

             Share premium                             1,938,965,438.87       166,628,006.71   257,774,732.09    1,847,818,713.49
             Other capital reserve                       176,442,279.18       243,563,991.37   168,744,784.39      251,261,486.16

             Total                                     2,115,407,718.05       410,191,998.08   426,519,516.48    2,099,080,199.65


             Notes:


             ①        The change in share capital premium is mainly due to:


                      The difference between the repurchase price and the grant price of the Employee Stock Ownership Plan
                      reduced the equity premium by RMB187,728,372.62.


                      Equity incentive expenses borne in proportion to the shareholdings of minority shareholders of the
                      subsidiaries decreased by RMB38,682,800.25 in equity premium;


                      The equity premium was reduced by RMB21,356,612.35 from equity transactions of subsidiaries;


                      The handling fee for repurchase of treasury shares reduced the capital premium by RMB145,604.12.


                      The lapse and repurchase of restricted shares reduced equity premium by RMB9,861,342.75.


                      The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital
                      surplus increased the capital premium by RMB166,628,006.71.


             ②        The change in other capital reserve is mainly due to:


                      Costs and expenses recognised in equity-settled share-based payment for the period increased other capital
                      reserve by RMB234,352,360.22.


                      Increase in other capital reserve by RMB9,211,631.15 for deferred income tax assets recognised in the
                      current period for share-based payment;


                      The equity method of accounting for other changes in the Company’s equity decreased other capital reserve
                      by RMB2,116,777.68;


                      The reclassification of share-based payment expenses corresponding to the unlocked shares to capital
                      surplus decreased other capital reserve by RMB166,628,006.71.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   205
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        44.      Treasury shares

                                                                                                                             Increase                    Decrease
                 Item                                                             Opening balance                        for the Year                for the Year            Closing balance

                 Treasury shares for share-based payment
                   incentive scheme                                                  236,626,482.61                  496,186,420.61                468,569,806.87             264,243,096.35

                 Total                                                               236,626,482.61                  496,186,420.61                468,569,806.87             264,243,096.35


        45.      Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                   Amount incurred in the Year
                                                                                                Less: Amount Less: Amount
                                                                                            included in other included in other
                                                                                               comprehensive comprehensive
                                                                                                    income in        income in
                                                                                              previous period previous period
                                                                                  Amount     and transferred and transferred                                         Attributable
                                                                                   before             to profit     to retained                      Attributable     to minority
                                                                               income tax            or loss in     earnings in     Less: income        to parent         interest
                 Item                                  Opening balance       for the Year      current period current period         tax expense         after tax       after tax   Closing balance

                 1. Other comprehensive income that
                      would not be reclassified to profit
                      or loss                              30,599,299.53   31,553,867.51                                                            23,649,623.70     7,904,243.81     54,248,923.23
                 Including: Changes arising from
                              re-measurement of
                              defined benefit plan         28,795,291.03   30,778,231.23                                                            23,068,284.31     7,709,946.92     51,863,575.34
                        Changes in the fair value of
                          other equity instruments
                          investment                        1,804,008.50      775,636.28                                                               581,339.39      194,296.89       2,385,347.89
                 2. Other comprehensive income
                      that would be reclassified to
                      profit or loss                      196,398,520.21   -42,121,729.21                                                           -49,900,398.78    7,778,669.57    146,498,121.43
                 Including: Other comprehensive income
                              that would be reclassified
                              into profit or loss under
                              equity method                 1,979,835.73   -31,643,328.49                                                           -31,695,535.18      52,206.69     -29,715,699.45
                 Difference arising from translation of
                      financial statements presented in
                      foreign currency                    194,418,684.48   -10,478,400.72                                                           -18,204,863.60    7,726,462.88    176,213,820.88

                 Total other comprehensive income        226,997,819.74    -10,567,861.70                                                           -26,250,775.08   15,682,913.38    200,747,044.66




206   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      46.    Special reserves

                                                                                 Increase            Decrease
             Item                                    Opening balance         for the Year        for the Year      Closing balance

             Safety production fee                       6,319,636.53       86,854,043.85       83,890,888.37         9,282,792.01

             Total                                       6,319,636.53       86,854,043.85       83,890,888.37         9,282,792.01


      47.    Surplus reserve

                                                                                 Increase            Decrease
             Item                                    Opening balance         for the Year        for the Year      Closing balance

             Statutory surplus reserve                 724,682,309.99                                               724,682,309.99

             Total                                     724,682,309.99                                               724,682,309.99


             Note:   The Company shall set aside 10% of its net profit as statutory surplus reserve. If the accumulated statutory
                     surplus reserve reaches more than 50% of the Company’s registered capital, no further withdrawal shall be
                     made.


      48.    Undistributed profits

                                                                                            Amount for            Amount for
             Item                                                                             the Year      the previous year

             Balances at the end of the previous year                                9,355,458,114.25           7,248,124,550.56
             Adjustment of total undistributed profits at the
               beginning of the Year (increase +, decrease -)                                                        116,160.71
             Including: Retroactive adjustment of “Business
               Accounting Standards” and related new regulations                                                      116,160.71
             Balances at the beginning of the Year                                   9,355,458,114.25           7,248,240,711.27
             Plus: Net profits attributable to owners of the
               parent company for the Year                                           3,347,881,773.89           2,837,322,754.58
             Less: Appropriation of statutory surplus reserve                                                      12,711,000.00
                   Dividends payable on ordinary shares                              1,403,272,936.47             717,394,351.60

             Balances at the end of the Year                                        11,300,066,951.67           9,355,458,114.25




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   207
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        49.      Operating revenue and costs

                (1)        Particulars of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                             Amount for the year                   Amount for previous year
                           Item                              Revenue                Costs            Revenue                  Costs

                           Principal operations      83,623,219,672.09   64,819,490,898.10   76,959,191,272.42   59,221,076,872.75
                           Other operations           9,122,391,437.43    8,656,571,836.40    8,640,997,951.64    8,230,290,833.27

                           Total                     92,745,611,109.52   73,476,062,734.50   85,600,189,224.06   67,451,367,706.02


                (2)        Principal operation revenue generated from contracts

                                                                                               Amount for the year
                           Categories of contract                                              Revenue                     Costs

                           Categories of product:
                           Air-conditioners                                          40,283,913,190.36       28,784,059,348.72
                           Refrigerators and washing machines                        30,839,154,917.48       25,423,481,668.92
                           Others                                                    12,500,151,564.25       10,611,949,880.46
                           By operating regions:
                           Domestic                                                  47,993,733,054.87       33,244,159,644.85
                           Overseas                                                  35,629,486,617.22       31,575,331,253.25

                           Total                                                     83,623,219,672.09       64,819,490,898.10


        50.      Tax and surcharges

                                                                                             Amount for             Amount for
                 Item                                                                          the year           previous year

                 City maintenance and construction tax                                  146,372,225.35           155,209,529.48
                 Education surcharges                                                   105,235,620.16           111,883,083.11
                 Others                                                                 172,744,230.01           312,114,388.39

                 Total                                                                  424,352,075.52           579,207,000.98




208   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      51.    Sales expenses

                                                                                                                        Amount for                       Amount for
             Item                                                                                                         the year                     previous year

             Sales expenses                                                                                     9,001,915,472.95                  8,555,775,713.18

             Total                                                                                              9,001,915,472.95                  8,555,775,713.18


             Note:   In 2024, sales expenses mainly included employee compensation, publicity and promotion expenses,
                     logistics expenses, service charges, with the percentage to the total sales expenses over 80% (2023: over
                     80%).


      52.    Management expenses

                                                                                                                        Amount for                       Amount for
             Item                                                                                                         the year                     previous year

             Management expenses                                                                                2,499,492,962.69                  2,296,063,851.05

             Total                                                                                              2,499,492,962.69                  2,296,063,851.05


             Note:   In 2024, management expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and amortization, and
                     executive office fee, with the percentage to the total management expenses over 80% (2023: over 80%).


      53.    Research and development expenses

                                                                                                                        Amount for                       Amount for
             Item                                                                                                         the year                     previous year

             Research and development expenses                                                                  3,446,746,374.31                  2,779,508,194.39

             Total                                                                                              3,446,746,374.31                  2,779,508,194.39


             Note:   In 2024, research and development expenses mainly include employee compensation, depreciation and
                     amortization, and direct expenses, with the percentage to the total research and development expenses over
                     80% (2023: over 80%).


      54.    Financial expenses

                                                                                                                        Amount for                       Amount for
             Item                                                                                                         the year                     previous year

             Interest expenses                                                                                     149,842,418.36                    144,388,196.47
             Less: Interest income                                                                                  64,767,054.70                     56,918,785.34
             Add: Exchange loss                                                                                   -135,907,347.90                   -304,993,741.48
                   Other expenses                                                                                   13,929,319.83                     12,937,898.47

             Total                                                                                                  -36,902,664.41                  -204,586,431.88


             Note:   I n t e r e s t e x p e n s e s f o r 2024 i n c l u d e i n t e r e s t e x p e n s e s o f l e a s e l i a b i l i t i e s o f R M B9,434,205.17 (2023:
                     RMB11,217,592.95). Other interest expenses for 2024 and 2023 were wholly interests on bank borrowings,
                     of which the last term of repayment is within five years.

                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024        209
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        55.      Other income

                                                                                              Amount for            Amount for
                 Sources of other income                                                        the year          previous year

                 Immediate refund of value-added tax                                      428,962,692.97         419,824,595.82
                 Other government subsidies related to general activities                 142,788,700.30         120,113,100.68
                 Others                                                                   146,631,874.60          59,018,162.07

                 Total                                                                    718,383,267.87         598,955,858.57


        56.      Investment gain

                                                                                              Amount for            Amount for
                 Item                                                                           the year          previous year

                 Gain from long-term equity investment by the equity method               319,799,112.07         343,907,407.14
                 Investment gain from disposal of transactional financial assets          198,067,369.02         -49,009,326.89
                 Interest income from time deposits                                       332,556,270.62         304,935,738.87
                 Others                                                                    55,221,665.90         119,598,756.30

                 Total                                                                    905,644,417.61         719,432,575.42


                 Gain from long-term equity investments by the equity method

                                                                                              Amount for            Amount for
                 Investee                                                                       the year          previous year

                 Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                                  22,080,932.20          15,082,906.79
                 Hisense Marketing Management                                                 588,945.89          -2,028,893.94
                 Hisense Global Asia Holding                                               -3,668,421.46            -194,362.50
                 Hisense Intelligent Electronic                                            76,798,355.23         110,193,668.98
                 Hisense International                                                        950,944.26
                 Associates of Sanden Company                                             223,048,355.95         220,854,087.81

                 Total                                                                    319,799,112.07         343,907,407.14


                 Note:     The gains from equity investment under the equity method of the Company for the current period were all
                           generated from non-listed equity investments.




210   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      57.    Profit or loss on changes in fair value

                                                                           Amount for             Amount for
             Sources of gain arising from changes in fair value              the year           previous year

             Transactional financial assets                             206,870,651.35          71,638,607.72
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
               financial instruments                                     43,951,283.69         -14,128,779.40
             Transactional financial liabilities                         46,289,880.32         -56,712,337.91
             Including: Gain from changes in fair value of derivative
               financial instruments                                     46,289,880.32         -56,712,337.91

             Total                                                      253,160,531.67          14,926,269.81


      58.    Impairment loss on credit

                                                                           Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                            the year           previous year

             Loss of bad debts of notes receivable                          499,879.52              -8,109.00
             Loss of bad debts of accounts receivable                     5,128,374.25           4,974,405.07
             Loss of bad debts of other receivables                      38,572,414.80         -48,169,717.20

             Total                                                       44,200,668.57         -43,203,421.13


      59.    Impairment losses on assets

                                                                           Amount for             Amount for
             Item                                                            the year           previous year

             Loss on decline in value of inventories                    -125,776,886.37        -65,160,380.88
             Impairment loss on fixed assets                             -33,426,987.33        -92,734,039.39
             Impairment loss on contractual assets                        -4,681,587.38         -1,359,996.35
             Impairment loss on construction in progress                  -2,691,503.90        -14,384,623.14
             Impairment loss on intangible assets                        -13,585,844.60        -16,921,315.86
             Impairment loss on right-of-use assets                                               -222,736.31


             Total                                                      -180,162,809.58       -190,783,091.93




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   211
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        60.      Gains on disposal of assets (loss expressed with “-”)

                                                                                     Amount for          Amount for
                 Item                                                                  the year        previous year

                 Gains on disposal of non-current assets                             3,972,039.23       5,835,013.43
                 Including: Gains on disposal of non-current assets which are
                              not classified as held for sale                        3,972,039.23       5,835,013.43
                            Including: Gains on disposal of fixed assets             3,480,151.92       2,876,181.04
                                       Gains on disposal of intangible assets                           2,637,179.25


                 Total                                                               3,972,039.23       5,835,013.43


        61.      Non-operating income

                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                                        included in
                                                                                                      non-recurring
                                                                                                           profit or
                                                                      Amount for        Amount for       loss of the
                 Item                                                   the year      previous year    current year

                 Gain from scrapping of non-current assets          10,585,370.81      5,834,881.32    10,585,370.81
                 Government grants                                 104,380,000.00     75,026,671.90   104,380,000.00
                 Others                                            233,982,460.65    417,419,755.16   233,982,460.65


                 Total                                             348,947,831.46    498,281,308.38   348,947,831.46


        62.      Non-operating expenses

                                                                                                            Amount
                                                                                                        included in
                                                                                                      non-recurring
                                                                                                           profit or
                                                                      Amount for        Amount for       loss of the
                 Item                                                   the year      previous year    current year

                 Loss on scrapping of non-current assets             20,251,352.00    15,336,547.47    20,251,352.00
                 Others                                              41,449,724.90    46,403,734.58    41,449,724.90


                 Total                                               61,701,076.90    61,740,282.05    61,701,076.90




212   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      63.    Income tax expense

             (1)    Income tax expense

                                                                                   Amount for            Amount for
                    Item                                                             the year          previous year

                    Current income tax expenses                                 789,083,862.05     1,030,925,303.34
                    Including: PRC enterprise income tax                        735,335,554.93     1,031,179,157.46
                               Hong Kong profit tax                                 151,998.67           784,538.52
                    Deferred income tax expenses                                 51,152,187.60      -137,857,806.44

                    Total                                                       840,236,049.65        893,067,496.90


             (2)    Reconciliation of accounting profit and income tax expenses

                                                                                                              Amount
                    Item                                                                                  for the year

                    Total profits                                                                  5,966,389,023.89
                    Income tax expense calculated at statutory (or applicable) tax rates           1,491,597,255.97
                    Effect of application of different tax rate to certain subsidiaries             -517,633,944.90
                    Adjustment to income tax in previous periods                                      50,133,270.92
                    Effect of non-taxable income                                                     -32,131,986.85
                    Effect of non-deductible cost, expense and loss                                  109,475,003.31
                    Effect of utilization of deductible losses and deductible difference
                      of unrecognized deferred tax assets in previous period                         -187,770,141.76
                    Effect of deductible temporary difference or deductible loss of
                      unrecognized deferred tax assets in current period                              242,506,835.37
                    Effect of super deduction of research and development expense                    -267,129,889.46
                    Effect of tax differences on equity-settled share-based payments                  -43,783,172.40
                    Others                                                                             -5,027,180.55
                    Income tax expense                                                                840,236,049.65


      64.    Other comprehensive income

             Please see note 5(45) for details.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   213
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        65.      Items in the cash flows statement

                (1)        Cash relating to operating activities

                           1)     Cash received relating to other operating activities

                                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year      previous year

                                  Interest income                                          52,757,222.12       51,743,856.01
                                  Government grants                                       422,199,378.14      173,566,433.79
                                  Security deposit and others                             857,945,340.55      744,122,021.27

                                  Total                                                  1,332,901,940.81     969,432,311.07


                           2)     Cash paid relating to other operating activities

                                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year      previous year

                                  Cash payments for management expenses
                                    (including R&D expenses)                             1,294,548,584.04    1,380,346,587.87
                                  Cash payments for sales expenses                       6,994,008,866.46    6,992,030,847.84
                                  Bank charges                                              13,519,102.52       10,739,569.21
                                  Security deposit and others                            1,477,170,454.14    1,147,628,866.88

                                  Total                                                  9,779,247,007.16    9,530,745,871.80


                (2)        Cash relating to investing activities

                           1)     Significant cash received relating to investing activities

                                                                                               Amount for        Amount for
                                  Item                                                           the year      previous year

                                  Recovery of wealth management products of
                                    banks                                            31,566,970,144.02      16,684,190,615.84
                                  Recovery of time deposits upon maturity             4,905,490,613.05       3,562,505,116.45




214   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      65.    Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

             (2)   Cash relating to investing activities (continued)

                    2)    Significant cash paid relating to investing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Acquisition of wealth management products of
                            banks                                            34,428,221,153.48       23,064,972,967.96
                          Placement of time deposits                          2,218,915,010.60        6,255,000,000.00


                    3)    Cash received relating to other investing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Disposal of wealth management products and
                            time deposits upon maturity                      36,472,460,757.07       20,246,695,732.29
                          Others                                                 16,311,904.33

                          Total                                              36,488,772,661.40       20,246,695,732.29


                    4)    Cash paid relating to other investing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Acquisition of wealth management products
                            and time deposits                                36,647,136,164.08       29,319,972,967.96
                          Others                                                  7,549,005.76

                          Total                                              36,654,685,169.84       29,319,972,967.96



             (3)   Cash relating to financing activities

                    1)    Cash received relating to other financing activities

                                                                                     Amount for             Amount for
                          Item                                                         the year           previous year

                          Security deposit                                                            1,460,991,001.06
                          Others                                                 2,703,497,913.70       163,678,032.47

                          Total                                                  2,703,497,913.70     1,624,669,033.53




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   215
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        65.      Items in the cash flows statement (continued)

                (3)        Cash relating to financing activities (continued)

                           2)     Cash paid relating to other financing activities

                                                                                                                    Amount for                    Amount for
                                  Item                                                                                the year                  previous year

                                  Security deposit                                                               109,463,151.25
                                  Payment of the principal and interest on lease
                                    liabilities                                                                124,946,841.53                 150,896,204.18
                                  Others                                                                     3,661,027,286.43               1,507,770,818.74

                                  Total                                                                      3,895,437,279.21               1,658,667,022.92


                           3)     Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                  Increase for the Year                 Decrease for the Year
                                                                                                     Non-cash                             Non-cash
                                  Item                  Opening balance      Cash changes             changes      Cash changes            changes    Closing balance

                                  Short-term borrowings 2,502,318,314.58   2,190,427,226.01       5,248,735.11   1,797,927,407.10    191,351,517.14   2,708,715,351.46
                                  Long-term borrowings
                                    (including
                                    borrowings due
                                    within one year)       58,161,388.72     27,674,951.75         375,596.89      13,325,087.31       5,675,729.40     67,211,120.65
                                  Lease liabilities
                                    (including leases due
                                    within one year)      315,419,284.80                        67,952,986.89     124,946,841.53      12,865,745.24    245,559,684.92
                                  Other payables –
                                    Borrowings from
                                    affiliated companies 741,012,162.47    2,543,091,368.06     97,135,820.65    2,442,361,635.49                      938,877,715.69
                                  Other payables –
                                    Restricted shares     154,357,517.41                                           26,258,025.75      55,099,908.83     72,999,582.83
                                  Other payables –
                                    Employee Stock
                                    Ownership
                                    Plan repayment
                                    obligations            64,727,409.57    155,555,939.00                         22,547,836.07      25,788,665.34    171,946,847.16

                                  Total                 3,835,996,077.55   4,916,749,484.82    170,713,139.54    4,427,366,833.25    290,781,565.95   4,205,310,302.71




216   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      66.    Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement

             (1)   Supplementary information to cash flows statement

                                                                                                       Amount for                 Amount for
                    Item                                                                                 the year               previous year

                    1. Reconciliation of net profit to cash flows from operating
                       activities:                                                                               –                          –
                       Net profit                                                                 5,126,152,974.24           4,791,489,923.92
                       Add: Impairment provision for assets                                         180,162,809.58             190,783,091.93
                             Impairment loss on credit                                              -44,200,668.57              43,203,421.13
                             Depreciation of fixed assets, depletion of oil and gas assets
                                and depreciation of productive biological assets                    882,573,818.74             977,660,324.91
                             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     81,684,091.95              70,052,241.64
                             Amortization of intangible assets                                      176,209,845.22             163,327,686.36
                             Amortization of long-term prepaid expenses                              25,097,954.57              15,168,588.18
                             Loss on disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets and other
                                long-term assets (Gain expressed with “-”)                            -3,972,039.23             -5,835,013.43
                             Loss on retirement of fixed assets (Gain expressed with “-”)              9,665,981.19              9,501,666.15
                             Loss on change in fair value (Gain expressed with “-”)                 -253,160,531.67            -14,926,269.81
                             Financial expenses (Gain expressed with “-”)                            -13,935,070.46           -160,605,545.01
                             Investment loss (Gain expressed with “-”)                              -905,644,417.61           -719,432,575.42
                             Decrease in deferred tax assets (Increase expressed with “-”)            60,645,236.14           -128,113,219.33
                             Increase in deferred tax liabilities (Decrease expressed with “-”)       -9,493,048.54             -9,744,587.11
                             Decrease in inventories (Increase expressed with “-”)                  -828,045,564.74           -200,738,889.61
                             Decrease in operating receivables (Increase expressed with “-”)      -2,599,731,927.63         -1,837,172,947.31
                             Increase in operating payables (Decrease expressed with “-”)          3,248,155,498.06          7,427,239,694.16
                             Others
                             Net cash flows from operating activities                             5,132,164,941.24          10,611,857,591.35
                    2. Significant investment and financing activities not involving
                       cash receipts and payments:
                       Liabilities converted into equity
                       Convertible company debentures due within one year
                       Fixed assets under finance leases
                    3. Net changes in cash and cash equivalents:
                       Cash at the end of the year                                                2,191,268,606.55           2,877,140,400.54
                       Less: Cash at the beginning of the year                                    2,877,140,400.54           2,478,346,075.40
                       Add: Cash equivalents at the end of the year
                       Less: Cash equivalents at the beginning of the year
                       Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   -685,871,793.99             398,794,325.14




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   217
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        66.      Supplementary information to consolidated cash flows statement (continued)

                (2)        Cash and cash equivalents

                           Item                                                       Closing balance    Opening balance

                           Cash                                                       2,191,268,606.55   2,877,140,400.54
                           Including: Cash on hand                                          116,974.19         151,362.17
                                      Bank deposits that are readily available for
                                         payment                                      2,177,924,682.71   2,854,135,661.10
                                      Other cash at bank and on hand that are
                                         readily available for payment                  13,226,949.65      22,853,377.27
                           Cash equivalents
                           Including: Bond investments due within three months
                           Cash and cash equivalents as at the end of the year        2,191,268,606.55   2,877,140,400.54
                           Including: C ash and cash equivalents of the parent or
                                        subsidiaries subject to restrictions on use


        67.      Monetary items in foreign currencies

                (1)        Major monetary items in foreign currencies

                                                                 Closing balance                         Closing balance
                                                                       of foreign                           denominated
                           Item                                         currency      Translation rate           in RMB

                           Cash at bank and on hand                            –                    –                   –
                           Including: HKD                           1,443,335.83              0.92604        1,336,586.71
                                      USD                          33,393,885.25               7.1884      240,048,604.73
                                      JPY                       2,689,166,083.00             0.046233      124,328,215.52
                                      EUR                          17,465,527.78               7.5257      131,440,322.41
                                      INR                           4,831,142.24             0.085377          412,468.43
                           Accounts receivable                                 –                    –                   –
                           Including: HKD                                      –              0.92604                   –
                                      USD                          99,334,989.62               7.1884      714,059,639.38
                                      JPY                       5,851,464,650.00             0.046233      270,530,765.16
                                      EUR                          68,444,106.84               7.5257      515,089,814.85
                                      INR                       1,939,857,930.00             0.085377      165,619,250.49
                           Other receivables                                   –                    –                   –
                           Including: HKD                               5,750.00              0.92604            5,324.73
                                      USD                           1,309,894.06               7.1884        9,416,042.46
                                      JPY                       1,896,502,000.00             0.046233       87,680,976.97
                                      EUR                           5,118,836.74               7.5257       38,522,829.65
                                      INR                         336,441,760.00             0.085377       28,724,388.14
                           Short-term borrowings                               –                    –                   –
                           Including: JPY                      46,392,588,081.00             0.046233    2,144,868,543.95
                                      INR                         901,180,710.67             0.085377       77,495,575.62
                                      EUR                           1,273,000.00               7.5257        9,706,302.11




218   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      67.    Monetary items in foreign currencies (continued)

             (1)   Major monetary items in foreign currencies (continued)

                                                         Closing balance                              Closing balance
                                                               of foreign                                denominated
                    Item                                        currency       Translation rate               in RMB

                    Accounts payable                                –                        –                       –
                    Including: HKD                         410,279.94                  0.92604              379,935.64
                               USD                      54,173,881.14                   7.1884          389,423,527.19
                               JPY                  13,581,471,409.89                 0.046233          627,912,167.69
                               EUR                      21,705,834.58                   7.5257          163,351,599.30
                               INR                   1,459,259,079.08                 0.085377          124,587,162.39
                    Other payables                                  –                        –                       –
                    Including: USD                     124,157,328.73                   7.1884          892,492,541.84
                               JPY                   6,250,711,970.10                 0.046233          288,989,166.51
                               EUR                      29,554,140.03                   7.5257          222,415,591.62
                               INR                     152,590,316.53                 0.085377           13,027,703.45
                    Non-current liabilities due
                      within one year                               –                        –                            –
                    Including: Long-term borrowings
                      due within one year              207,457,215.27                 0.085377           17,839,924.01
                    Including: INR                     207,457,215.27                 0.085377           17,839,924.01
                    Long-term borrowings                            –                        –                       –
                    Including: INR                     575,720,233.75                 0.085377           49,371,196.64


             (2)   Major overseas operating entities

                                                                                                        Whether there
                                                                                                         is change of
                                                            Principal place          Functional            functional
                    Company name                                of business           currency               currency

                    Hisense (Hong Kong) America
                    Manufacturing Co., Limited                  Hong Kong                  HKD                          No
                    Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing,
                      S.de R.L. de C.V.                             Mexico         Mexican Peso                         No
                    Hisense Monterrey Property
                    Management, S.de R.L. de C.V.                   Mexico         Mexican Peso                         No
                    Hisense Japan Automotive Air-
                      Conditioning Systems Corporation
                      (海信日本汽車空調系統合同會社)                                Japan                 JPY                         No
                    Sanden Corporation                                Japan                 JPY                         No
                    SANDEN INTERNATIONAL
                      (EUROPE) GmbH                                Germany                 EUR                          No
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                      EUROPE S.A.S.                                   France                EUR                         No
                    SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) LTD.                          India        Indian Rupee                        No
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING
                      MEXICO S.A. DE C.V.                           Mexico                 USD                          No




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   219
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        68.      Leases

                (1)        The Group as a lessee

                                                                                      Amount for           Amount for
                           Item                                                         the Year     the previous year

                           Interest expenses on lease liabilities                     9,434,205.17      11,217,592.95
                           Short-term lease expenses recognised in profit or loss
                             using simplified treatment                             135,277,494.96      97,439,574.37
                           Lease expenses for low-value assets recognised in
                             profit or loss using simplified treatment (excluding
                             short-term leases)
                           Variable lease payments not included in the
                             measurement of lease liabilities
                           Including: Part arising from sale and leaseback
                             transactions
                           Income from sublease of right-to-use assets
                           Total cash outflows related to leases                    252,583,041.45     246,923,029.67
                           Related gain or loss arising from sale and leaseback
                             transactions
                           Cash inflows from sale and leaseback transactions
                           Cash outflows from sale and leaseback transactions


                (2)        The Group as a lessor

                           1)     The Group as a lessor under operating lease

                                                                                                            Including:
                                                                                                       Income related
                                                                                                            to variable
                                                                                                       lease payments
                                                                                                       not included in
                                  Item                                              Rental Income        lease receipts

                                  Buildings and structures                           63,904,676.96
                                  Machinery and equipment                             3,782,645.38
                                  Transportation equipment                              102,654.88
                                  Land                                                1,135,655.72

                                  Total                                              68,925,632.94




220   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.    NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (continued)

      69.    Segment reporting

             The Group manages its business by segments which are organized by a mixture of both business lines
             and geographical locations. For the purpose of resource allocation and performance assessment, the
             management manages the operating results of each business segment separately, and the segment
             results are assessed based on the profits of the reporting segments.

             (1)   Segment profit or loss and assets and liabilities

                                                                              Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                    Amount for the year                    Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total

                    I. Revenue from external sales        40,283,913,190.36   30,839,154,917.48   12,500,151,564.25                        83,623,219,672.09
                    II. Revenue from inter-segment
                          transactions                          525,205.36        25,260,176.63    3,164,256,687.51    -3,190,042,069.50
                    III. Gain from investment in
                          associates and joint ventures      -1,539,737.79        -1,539,737.79     322,878,587.64                            319,799,112.07
                    IV. Depreciation and amortization       473,886,018.20       296,051,172.01     395,628,520.27                          1,165,565,710.48
                    V. Gain arising from changes in
                          fair value                          44,063,734.23      104,661,137.52     104,435,659.92                           253,160,531.67
                    VI. Impairment losses on credits
                          and assets                          -6,726,813.15      -89,376,474.43      -39,858,853.43                          -135,962,141.01
                    VII. Total profits (losses)            4,895,050,717.65    1,118,961,336.57      -47,623,030.33                         5,966,389,023.89
                    VIII. Total assets                    39,117,340,985.04   38,085,702,479.99   16,072,863,567.48   -23,573,967,215.18   69,701,939,817.33
                    IX. Total liabilities                 27,005,227,803.09   25,367,727,048.87   11,518,074,101.79   -13,563,613,847.55   50,327,415,106.20
                    X. Additions to other non-current
                          assets other than long-term
                          equity investments              -3,845,197,375.25       36,594,271.23     102,484,555.82                         -3,706,118,548.20


                    Continued from above table

                                                                              Refrigerators and                           Inter-segment
                    Amount for previous year               Air-conditioners   washing machines              Others           elimination              Total

                    I. Revenue from external sales        38,652,244,832.54   26,070,166,905.77   12,236,779,534.11                        76,959,191,272.42
                    II. Revenue from inter-segment
                          transactions                          715,130.91        18,525,397.50    2,923,068,294.16    -2,942,308,822.57
                    III. Gain from investment in
                          associates and joint ventures      -1,014,446.97        -1,014,446.97     345,936,301.08                            343,907,407.14
                    IV. Depreciation and amortization       492,716,306.72       348,074,753.86     385,417,780.51                          1,226,208,841.09
                    V. Gain arising from changes in
                          fair value                          14,287,476.99       68,782,493.59      -68,143,700.77                            14,926,269.81
                    VI. Impairment losses on credits
                          and assets                         -64,147,315.49      -34,316,884.06     -135,522,313.51                          -233,986,513.06
                    VII. Total profits (losses)            4,894,033,212.74      967,687,795.47     -177,163,587.39                         5,684,557,420.82
                    VIII. Total assets                    37,150,119,357.79   43,212,073,454.51   15,618,116,396.53   -30,033,813,653.16   65,946,495,555.67
                    IX. Total liabilities                 24,473,385,908.89   32,006,871,299.96   11,096,684,769.39   -21,026,505,549.21   46,550,436,429.03
                    X. Additions to other non-current
                          assets other than long-term
                          equity investments               1,669,601,574.03      -22,436,407.92     259,707,741.15                          1,906,872,907.26




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    221
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


V.     NOTES TO THE KEY ITEMS IN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       (continued)

        69.      Segment reporting (continued)

                (2)        Geographic information

                                                                                        Amount for          Amount for
                                                                                    the year/closing      previous year/
                           Region                                                           balance     opening balance

                           Revenue from domestic transactions                    47,993,733,054.87     49,035,166,343.99
                           Revenue from overseas transactions                    35,629,486,617.22     27,924,024,928.43

                           Total                                                 83,623,219,672.09     76,959,191,272.42

                           Non-current assets – Domestic                         13,130,098,726.61     16,928,683,438.39
                           Non-current assets – Overseas                          4,063,930,634.22      3,877,892,636.01

                           Total                                                 17,194,029,360.83     20,806,576,074.40


                           The Group operates mainly in Mainland China. Most of the Group’s non-current assets are
                           in Mainland China. Therefore, it is not necessary to present further details of the regional
                           information.

VI.     R&D EXPENDITURE

                                                                                        Amount for           Amount for
        Item                                                                              the Year     the previous year

        R&D expenses                                                              3,446,746,374.31      2,779,508,194.39

        Total                                                                     3,446,746,374.31      2,779,508,194.39

        Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                       3,446,746,374.31      2,779,508,194.39
                   Capitalised R&D expenditure

        1.       R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

                 The Group had no R&D projects eligible for capitalisation

        2.       Significant outsourced projects under research

                 The Group had no significant outsourced projects under research.




222   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VII. CHANGE IN SCOPE OF CONSOLIDATION

      1.     Changes in scope of consolidation

             On 5 February 2024, the Company invested in the establishment of Qingdao Yiyang Venture Capital
             M a n a g e m e n t C o., L t d. w i t h a r e g i s t e r e d c a p i t a l o f R M B20 m i l l i o n, o f w h i c h t h e C o m p a n y h a s
             contributed RMB10 million, with a paid-in capital of RMB5 million, representing 50% of the registered
             capital. The Company has control over the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation
             with effect from 5 February 2024.

             On 28 May 2024, the Company invested in the establishment of Hisense Home Appliances (Hunan)
             Co., Ltd. with a registered capital of RMB400 million, of which the Company has contributed RMB400
             million, with a paid-in capital of RMB200 million, representing 100% of the registered capital. The
             Company has control over the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect
             from 28 May 2024.

             Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of the Company invested
             in the establishment of Hisense Hitachi Air-conditioning (Hunan) Co., Ltd. on 28 May 2024, with a
             registered capital of RMB200 million, of which Hisense Hitachi has contributed RMB200 million, with
             a paid-in capital of RMB0, representing 100% of the registered capital. Hisense Hitachi has control
             over the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 28 May 2024.

             On 15 August 2024, the Company invested in the establishment of HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd. with a
             registered capital of USD108.915 million, of which the Company has contributed USD108.915 million,
             with a paid-in capital of USD29.193 million, representing 100% of the registered capital. The Company
             has control over the subsidiary, which was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 15
             August 2024.

             Kelon International Incorporation, a subsidiary of the Company, invested in the establishment of
             HHA (Thailand) Co., Ltd. on 12 July 2024, and HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd. increased its capital
             a t a l a t e r s t a g e. A s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2024, H H A (T h a i l a n d) C o., L t d. h a d a r e g i s t e r e d c a p i t a l o f
             THB1,002,340,600, of which HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd. contributed THB998,340,800 with paid-
             in capital of THB748,755,000, and Kelon International Incorporation contributed THB3.9998 million
             and paid-in capital of THB3.9998 million. The aggregated contribution of both parties was 100% of the
             registered capital. HSHA (Singapore) Co., Ltd. has control over the subsidiary, which was included in
             the scope of consolidation with effect from 12 July 2024.

             O n 30 A u g u s t 2024, G u a n g d o n g H i s e n s e R e f r i g e r a t o r M a r k e t i n g C o., L t d., a s u b s i d i a r y o f t h e
             Company invested in the establishment of Qingdao Hisense Refrigerator Marketing Co., Ltd. with a
             registered capital of RMB1 million, of which Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator Marketing Co., Ltd. has
             contributed RMB1 million, with a paid-in capital of RMB1 million, representing 100% of the registered
             capital. Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator Marketing Co., Ltd. has control over the subsidiary, which
             was included in the scope of consolidation with effect from 30 August 2024.




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     223
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries

                (1)        Composition of enterprise group

                                                                                                               Principal                                      Shareholding
                                                                                                    Registered place of     Place of                         percentage (%)            Method for
                           Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation                     capital business     registration   Business nature   Direct     Indirect       acquisition


                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)                Guangdong                USD26.80 million Foshan      Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                    Refrigerator
                           Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong) Freezer        Guangdong Freezer         RMB237 million Foshan       Foshan         Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and Bath       Hisense K&B                  RMB77.5751    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing                       74.00   Establishment
                              System Co., Ltd.                                                         million
                           Foshan Shunde Rongsheng Plastic Co.,       Rongsheng Plastic            USD15.8274    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing       44.92           25.13   Establishment
                              Ltd.                                                                     million
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.            Kelon Mould                  USD15.0561    Foshan     Foshan         Manufacturing                       70.11   Establishment
                                                                                                       million
                           Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou) Refrigerator    Yangzhou Refrigerator        USD44.4479    Yangzhou   Yangzhou       Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.                                                                million
                           Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co., Ltd.   Chengdu Refrigerator       RMB50 million   Chengdu    Chengdu        Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                           Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.             Shandong Refrigerator     RMB275 million   Qingdao    Qingdao        Manufacturing      100.00                   Establishment
                           Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator             Refrigerator Marketing      RMB200.8190    Foshan     Foshan         Trading                            100.00   Establishment
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Company                       million
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner            Air-conditioner               RMB100.91    Qingdao    Qingdao        Trading                            100.00   Establishment
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                        Marketing Company             million
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner        Hisense Guangdong         RMB200 million   Jiangmen   Jiangmen       Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Company Limited                            Air-Conditioner
                           Hisense Air-Conditioning Co. Ltd.          Shandong Air-             RMB500 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing      100.00                   Business combination
                                                                         conditioning                                                                                                    under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.            Hisense Mould               RMB36.0664 Qingdao        Qingdao        Manufacturing       99.87                   Business combination
                                                                                                      million                                                                            under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Washing Machine Co.,    Zhejiang Washing          RMB450 million Huzhou       Huzhou         Manufacturing                      100.00   Business combination
                              Ltd.                                      Machine                                                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold Chain      Commercial Cold Chain      RMB50 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                      100.00   Establishment
                              Co., Ltd.
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioning   Hisense Hitachi           USD150 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing       49.20                   Business combination
                              Systems Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-Conditioner    Hitachi Marketing          RMB274.3003 Qingdao        Qingdao        Trading                            100.00   Business combination
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                                                     million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-              Johnson Controls          RMB400 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Trading                            100.00   Business combination
                              Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                     not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control
                           Qingdao Hisense Hvac Equipment Co., Ltd.   Hisense Hvac              RMB600 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                      100.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                                         not under common
                                                                                                                                                                                         control




224   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      1.     Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

             (1)   Composition of enterprise group (continued)

                                                                                                     Principal                                      Shareholding
                                                                                          Registered place of    Place of                          percentage (%)            Method for
                    Name of subsidiary                         Abbreviation                  capital business    registration   Business nature    Direct      Indirect      acquisition


                    Hisense (Hong Kong) America                Hong Kong Home         HKD1,176.9149 Hong Kong    Hong Kong      Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       Manufacturing Co., Limited.                Appliance                  million                                                                           under common
                                                                  Manufactory                                                                                                  control
                    Hisense Monterrey Manufacturing, S.de      Hisense Monterrey       MXN462.2452 Mexico        Mexico         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       R.L. de C.V.                               Manufacturing             million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Hisense Monterrey Property Management,     Monterrey Property    MXN1,092.5993 Mexico        Mexico         Service industry                    100.00   Business combination
                       S.de R.L. de C.V.                                                    million                                                                            under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.       Qingdao Gorenje        RMB21 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Trading              70.00                   Establishment
                    Hisense Japan Automotive Air-              SPV                           JPY1 Japan          Japan          Investment                          100.00   Establishment
                       Conditioning Systems Corporation
                    Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air Conditioning   Hitachi Air            RMB20 million Qingdao      Qingdao        Manufacturing                       100.00   Establishment
                       Technology Co., Ltd.                       Conditioning
                                                                  Technology
                    Sanden Corporation                         SDC                  JPY21,741.869287 Japan       Japan          Manufacturing                        74.95   Business combination
                                                                                              million                                                                          not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Sanden International (Europe) GmbH         SIE                  EUR0.025 million Germany     Germany        Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                               not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING EUROPE                SME                     EUR21 million France      France         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                      S.A.S.                                                                                                                                                   not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN VIKAS (INDIA) PRIVATE               SVL                  INR296.25 million India      India          Manufacturing                        50.00   Business combination
                      LIMITED.                                                                                                                                                 not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    SANDEN MANUFACTURING MEXICO                SMM                  USD66.78537926 Mexico        Mexico         Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                      S.A. DE C.V.                                                          million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Suzhou Sanden Precision Parts Co., Ltd.    SSP                     USD11 million Suzhou      Suzhou         Manufacturing                        65.00   Business combination
                                                                                                                                                                               not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control
                    Sanden (China) Automotive Air              CSA                  RMB145.1238436 Chongqing     Chongqing      Manufacturing                       100.00   Business combination
                       Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                               million                                                                            not under common
                                                                                                                                                                               control


                    Notes:


                    ①              All subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are companies with limited liability, save for Refrigerator
                                   Marketing Company, Air-conditioner Marketing Company, Commercial Cold Chain, Hitachi
                                   Marketing and Qingdao Gorenje which are joint-stock companies with limited liability.


                    ②              The Company held 49.20% of equity interests of Hisense Hitachi, and according to the articles of
                                   association of Hisense Hitachi, the Company held five-ninth voting rights of the board of directors,
                                   the highest authority of Hisense Hitachi.




                                                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024               225
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        1.       Interests in subsidiaries (continued)

                (2)        Principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                 Gain or loss
                                                                                              attributable to        Dividends paid to
                                                                    Percentage of          minority interests        minority interests Closing balance of
                           Name of subsidiary                    minority interest               for the year             for the year minority interests

                           Hisense Hitachi                                  50.80% 1,778,968,722.86 2,811,210,498.34 3,272,123,481.00


                (3)        Major financial information of principal non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                                                                                            (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                                                Closing balance
                           Name of                   Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                           subsidiary                  assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi      1,035,187.30         810,569.57 1,845,756.87 1,063,134.84                         138,503.24 1,201,638.08


                           (continued)

                                                                                                Opening balance
                           Name of                   Current       Non-current                                     Current      Non-current                    Total
                           subsidiary                  assets            assets            Total assets          liabilities      liabilities              liabilities

                           Hisense Hitachi       998,767.35 1,236,999.95 2,235,767.30 1,197,141.45                                153,566.59 1,350,708.04


                           Continued table:

                                                                     Amount for the year                                       Amount for previous year
                                                                                                Cash flows                                                   Cash flows
                                                                                      Total           from                                        Total            from
                                                    Operating                 comprehensive      operating       Operating                comprehensive       operating
                           Name of subsidiary        revenue       Net profit       income        activities      revenue      Net profit       income         activities

                           Hisense Hitachi        2,074,427.24     348,577.13     348,577.13     277,912.89    2,216,676.14    324,371.23     324,371.23      522,993.90




226   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      2.     Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
             subsidiary

             (1)   Note to change in the ownership interest in subsidiary

                    1)    In May and June 2024, the Company repurchased the minority interests in Hisense
                          Mould, its subsidiary. Upon completion of the repurchase, the Company's shareholding
                          in Hisense Mould changed from 82.41% to 99.87%, and the Company still has control
                          over Hisense Mould.
                    2)    In June 2024, Shandong Refrigerator, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the
                          minority interests in Refrigerator Marketing, a subsidiary of Shandong Refrigerator, and
                          Shandong Refrigerator's shareholding in Refrigerator Marketing changed from 78.82%
                          to 100% upon completion of the repurchase, and the Company still has control over
                          Shandong Refrigerator.

                    3)    In June 2024, Shandong Refrigerator, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the
                          minority interests in Commercial Cold Chain, a subsidiary of Shandong Refrigerator and
                          Shandong Refrigerator's shareholding in Commercial Cold Chain changed from 70% to
                          100% upon completion of the repurchase, and the Company still exercises control over
                          Shandong Refrigerator.

                    4)    I n M a y, J u n e a n d N o v e m b e r 2024, H i s e n s e H i t a c h i, a s u b s i d i a r y o f t h e C o m p a n y,
                          repurchased the minority interests in Hitachi Marketing, a subsidiary of Hisense Hitachi.
                          Upon completion of the repurchase, Hisense Hitachi's shareholding in Hitachi Marketing
                          changed from 70% to 100%, and the Company still has control over Hisense Hitachi.

                    5)    In July and December 2024, Hisense Air- Conditioning, a subsidiary of the Company,
                          repurchased the minority interests in Air-conditioning Marketing, a subsidiary of Hisense
                          Air- Conditioning. Upon completion of the repurchase, Hisense Air- Conditioning's
                          shareholding in Air-conditioning Marketing changed from 75.57% to 100%, and the
                          Company still exercises control over Hisense Air- Conditioning.

                    6)    In May 2024, Sanden Holdings, a subsidiary of the Company, repurchased the minority
                          interests in Thailand Sanden, a subsidiary of Sanden Holdings, and Sanden Holdings'
                          shareholding in Thailand Sanden changed from 95.00% to 99.80% upon completion of
                          the repurchase, and the Company still exercises control over Sanden Holdings.

             (2)    Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity

                    ①     Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Hisense Mould

                          Item                                                                                                Hisense Mould

                          Cash                                                                                                149,821,117.29
                          Total cost of purchase                                                                              149,821,117.29
                          Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                            percentage acquired                                                                               157,025,202.15
                          Difference                                                                                           -7,204,084.86
                          Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                                             7,204,084.86




                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    227
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

        2.       Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
                 subsidiary (continued)

                 (2)       Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity (continued)

                           ②     Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Refrigerator Marketing

                                                                                                           Marketing on
                                 Item                                                                      Refrigerators

                                 Cash                                                                      63,814,500.00
                                 Total cost of purchase                                                    63,814,500.00
                                 Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired                                                     66,364,613.66
                                 Difference                                                                -2,550,113.66
                                 Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                  2,550,113.66

                           ③     Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Commercial Cold Chain

                                                                                                             Commercial
                                 Item                                                                       cooling chain

                                 Cash                                                                      74,400,000.00
                                 Total cost of purchase                                                    74,400,000.00
                                 Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired                                                     72,784,277.93
                                 Difference                                                                 1,615,722.07
                                 Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                 -1,615,722.07

                           ④     Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Hitachi Marketing

                                                                                                                  Hitachi
                                 Item                                                                           Marketing

                                 Cash                                                                     592,418,246.40
                                 Total cost of purchase                                                   592,418,246.40
                                 Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                                   percentage acquired                                                    604,786,952.16
                                 Difference                                                               -12,368,705.76
                                 Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                 12,368,705.76




228   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


VIII. INTERESTS IN OTHER ENTITIES (continued)

      2.     Transactions that led to changes in the ownership interest in, but without losing of control of the
             subsidiary (continued)

             (2)    Impacts of changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries on equity (continued)

                    ⑤      Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Air-conditioner Marketing

                                                                                                     Air-conditioner
                           Item                                                                           Marketing

                           Cash                                                                        33,294,145.69
                           Total cost of purchase                                                      33,294,145.69
                           Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                             percentage acquired                                                        3,224,112.48
                           Difference                                                                  30,070,033.21
                           Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                  -30,070,033.21

                    ⑥      Repurchase of equity interests of minority shareholders of Thailand Sanden

                           Item                                                                    Thailand Sanden

                           Cash                                                                          1,942,116.38
                           Total cost of purchase                                                        1,942,116.38
                           Less: Share of net assets of subsidiary based on the shareholding
                             percentage acquired                                                        -5,410,063.65
                           Difference                                                                    7,352,180.03
                           Including: Adjustment to capital reserves                                    -7,352,180.03

      3.     Interests in joint ventures or associates

             (1)   Aggregated financial information of insignificant joint ventures and associates

                                                                                                  (Unit: RMB’0000)

                                                                             Closing balance/     Opening balance/
                                                                                  Amount for           Amount for
                    Item                                                             the year        previous year

                    Joint ventures                                                           –                       –
                    Total carrying amount of investments                              5,564.29                7,375.31
                    Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                      shareholdings                                                          –                      –
                      – Net profit                                                   -1,633.15                -222.33
                      – Other comprehensive income                                      207.97                 -13.45
                      – Total comprehensive income                                   -1,425.18                -235.78
                    Associates                                                               –                      –
                    Total carrying amount of investments                            170,929.40             159,761.20
                    Amounts in aggregate in proportion to the
                      shareholdings                                                          –                       –
                      – Net profit                                                   31,297.43               32,594.45
                      – Other comprehensive income                                   -3,372.30                  383.85
                      – Total comprehensive income                                   27,925.13               32,978.30




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   229
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


IX.     GOVERNMENT GRANTS

        1.       Government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year

                 The Group had no government grants recognised based on the amount receivable at the end of the Year.

        2.       Liability items involving government grants

                                                              Amount of Amount included
                                               Opening        new grants in other income       Changes in         Closing     Asset-related/
                 Government grant items        balance       for the year    for the year   exchange rate         balance    income-related

                 Deferred income          148,789,343.53   234,326,893.67   56,993,062.16    7,660,213.12   333,783,388.16     Asset-related
                 Deferred income              400,000.00       409,500.00                                       809,500.00   Income-related

                 Total                    149,189,343.53   234,736,393.67   56,993,062.16    7,660,213.12   334,592,888.16

        3.       Government grants included in profit or loss

                                                                                                   Amount for              Amount for
                 Accounting items                                                                    the Year        the previous year

                 Other income                                                                  571,751,393.27           539,937,696.50
                 Non-operating income                                                          104,380,000.00            75,026,671.90


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

        The Group faces a variety of financial instrument risks in its daily activities, which primarily include market
        risk (including exchange rate risk, and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The risks associated
        with these financial instruments and the risk management policies adopted by the Group to mitigate these risks
        are described below. The Group's management manages and monitors these risk exposures to ensure that the
        above risks are controlled within a limited range.

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies

                 The Group engages in risk management with the objective of striking an appropriate balance between
                 risk and return, minimise the negative impact of risks on the Group's operating results and maximises
                 the interests of shareholders and other equity investors. Based on this risk management objective, the
                 basic strategy of the Group's risk management is to identify and analyse various risks faced by the
                 Group, establish appropriate risk tolerance thresholds to manage the risks, and monitor various risks in
                 a timely and reliable manner to control the risks within a limited range.




230   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      1.     Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

             (1)   Market risk

                    1)    Exchange rate risk

                          The Group's exposure to exchange rate risk is primarily related to USD and EUR. Such
                          risk is due to sales or purchases made by the Group in currencies other than its reporting
                          currency. The exchange rate risk arising from monetary assets and liabilities held by
                          the Group in foreign currencies may have an impact on the Group's results of business
                          operations.

                          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the carrying amounts of the Group’s major
                          monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies were as
                          follows:

                                                         Closing balances                            Opening balances
                          Currency                        Assets            Liabilities               Assets            Liabilities

                          USD                     963,524,286.57   1,281,916,069.03           567,555,388.91      846,039,195.00
                          EUR                     685,052,966.91     395,473,493.03           172,190,075.44       55,108,811.39


                          The following table indicates the approximate effect of reasonably possible changes in
                          exchange rates, to which the Group had significant exposure at the end of the Reporting
                          Period, on the net profit:

                          Sensitivity analysis of changes in exchange rates:

                                                                                                                     For the
                          Item                                                            For the Year         Previous Year
                                                                                Increase/Decrease         Increase/Decrease
                                                                                    in profit after           in profit after
                                                                                          taxation                  taxation
                          USD to RMB
                           Appreciates by 5%                                         -11,939,691.84            -10,443,142.73
                           Depreciates by 5%                                          11,939,691.84             10,443,142.73
                          EUR to RMB
                           Appreciates by 5%                                          10,859,230.27              4,390,547.40
                           Depreciates by 5%                                         -10,859,230.27             -4,390,547.40


                          The Group pays close attention to the impact of exchange rate changes on the Group,
                          and through research and judgement on the trend of foreign exchange rates, the Group
                          duly operates forward settlement/purchase of foreign exchange to effectively counteract
                          market risks and ensure a reasonable level of profit for the Company.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   231
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                 (1)       Market risk (continued)

                           2)         Interest rate risk

                                      The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing debts such as bank loans.
                                      Financial liabilities with floating interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
                                      rate risk, while financial liabilities with fixed interest rates expose the Group to fair
                                      value interest rate risk. The Group determines the relative proportions of fixed-rate and
                                      floating-rate contracts based on the prevailing market conditions. As at 31 December
                                      2024, the Group's interest-bearing debts mainly consisted of fixed-rate loan contracts
                                      denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB2,640,440,307.78 and the floating-rate
                                      contracts denominated in Japanese Yen, totalling to RMB135,486,164.33.

                                      The Group’s risk of changes in fair value of financial instruments resulted from the
                                      changes in interest rates is mainly associated with fixed-rate bank loans. For fixed-rate
                                      loans, the Group aims to maintain their floating rates.

                                      The Group’s risk of changes in cash flow of financial instruments resulted from the
                                      changes in interest rates is mainly associated with floating-rate bank loans. The Group’s
                                      policy is to maintain these loans at floating rates, so as to eliminate fair value risks
                                      arising from changes in interest rate.

                (2)        Credit risk

                           The Group manages credit risk by portfolio classification. Credit risk mainly arises from
                           monetary funds, notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, other receivables,
                           contract assets, etc.

                           The Group maintains substantially all of its bank balances in domestic financial institutions with
                           higher credit rating. The Board of the Group believes these assets are not exposed to significant
                           credit risk that would cause financial losses.

                           The Group mitigates its exposure to risks in respect of trade and other receivables by dealing
                           w i t h d i v e r s i f i e d c u s t o m e r s w i t h h e a l t h y f i n a n c i a l p o s i t i o n s. C e r t a i n n e w c u s t o m e r s a r e
                           required by the Group to make cash payment in order to minimise credit risk. The Group seeks
                           to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control policy to
                           minimize credit risk. In addition, all receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and
                           overdue balances are followed up by senior management.

                           The credit risk on derivative instruments is not significant as the counterparties are high
                           creditworthy banks rated by international credit-rating agencies.

                           The maximum exposure to credit risk at reporting date is the carrying amount of each class of
                           financial assets shown on the consolidated financial statements.




232   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      1.     Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

             (3)   Liquidity risk

                    In respect of the management of liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains cash and
                    cash equivalents at a level which is adequate, in the management’s point of views, to finance
                    the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of short-term fluctuations in cash flows. The
                    Group’s treasury department is responsible for maintaining a balance between continuity of
                    funding and flexibility through the use of bank credit in order to meet the Group’s liquidity
                    requirements.

                    In order to mitigate the liquidity risk, the directors have carried out a detailed review of the
                    liquidity of the Group, including maturity profile of its accounts and other payables, availability
                    of borrowings and loan financing provided by Hisense Finance, and it is concluded that
                    the Group has adequate funding to fulfill its short-term obligations and capital expenditure
                    requirements.

                    The Group will also consider extending the payment period by using supplier financing
                    arrangements by negotiations with suppliers and financial institutions.

                    1) the undiscounted contractual cash flows of financial assets and financial liabilities of the
                    Group based on maturity date were as follows:

                    31 December 2024

                    Item                                        Within 1 year        1 to 2 years      2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                    Financial assets
                    Cash at bank and on hand                  4,397,693,443.73                                                       4,397,693,443.73
                    Transactional financial assets           16,209,276,762.85                                                      16,209,276,762.85
                    Notes receivable                            459,013,499.65                                                         459,013,499.65
                    Accounts receivable                      10,480,609,898.16                                                      10,480,609,898.16
                    Accounts receivable financing             6,000,519,893.99                                                       6,000,519,893.99
                    Other receivables                           242,816,255.92                                                         242,816,255.92
                    Other current assets                        631,618,371.84                                                         631,618,371.84
                    Non-current assets due within one year    4,883,695,277.78                                                       4,883,695,277.78
                    Other non-current financial assets                                                                21,332,417.54     21,332,417.54
                    Other non-current assets                                     5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44                   5,629,989,722.22

                    Total                                    43,305,243,403.92   5,225,785,277.78   404,204,444.44    21,332,417.54 48,956,565,543.68

                    Financial liabilities
                    Short-term borrowings                     2,708,715,351.46                                                         2,708,715,351.46
                    Transactional financial liabilities           3,552,841.18                                                             3,552,841.18
                    Notes payable                            16,132,766,497.33                                                        16,132,766,497.33
                    Accounts payable                         12,848,289,233.62                                                        12,848,289,233.62
                    Other payables                            5,389,842,305.97                                                         5,389,842,305.97
                    Other current liabilities                 6,913,302,837.03                                                         6,913,302,837.03
                    Non-current liabilities due within
                      one year                                 107,586,373.00                                                           107,586,373.00
                    Lease liabilities                                              67,815,662.36     90,765,474.28    18,453,261.32     177,034,397.96
                    Long-term borrowings                                                             68,751,987.49                       68,751,987.49

                    Total                                    44,104,055,439.59     67,815,662.36    159,517,461.77    18,453,261.32 44,349,841,825.04



                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     233
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.      RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

        1.       Various risk management objectives and policies (continued)

                (3)        Liquidity risk (continued)

                           31 December 2023

                           Item                                        Within 1 year        1 to 2 years       2 to 5 years   Over 5 years               Total

                           Financial assets
                           Cash at bank and on hand                  4,939,273,198.62                                                        4,939,273,198.62
                           Transactional financial assets           13,192,025,535.87                                                       13,192,025,535.87
                           Notes receivable                            741,622,573.50                                                          741,622,573.50
                           Accounts receivable                       9,225,321,882.07                                                        9,225,321,882.07
                           Accounts receivable financing             4,643,427,583.77                                                        4,643,427,583.77
                           Other receivables                           145,804,125.45                                                          145,804,125.45
                           Other current assets                        428,942,015.90                                                          428,942,015.90
                           Non-current assets due within one year    3,641,708,361.11                                                        3,641,708,361.11
                           Other non-current financial assets                                                                 27,197,809.69     27,197,809.69
                           Other non-current assets                                     4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23                  9,750,910,000.02

                           Total                                    36,958,125,276.29   4,758,035,277.79   4,992,874,722.23   27,197,809.69 46,736,233,086.00

                           Financial liabilities
                           Short-term borrowings                     2,502,318,314.58                                                          2,502,318,314.58
                           Transactional financial liabilities          54,355,584.93                                                             54,355,584.93
                           Notes payable                            14,608,429,378.74                                                         14,608,429,378.74
                           Accounts payable                         12,049,877,232.20                                                         12,049,877,232.20
                           Other payables                            4,670,674,014.20                                                          4,670,674,014.20
                           Other current liabilities                 6,442,483,786.34                                                          6,442,483,786.34
                           Non-current liabilities due within
                             one year                                 129,924,113.67                                                            129,924,113.67
                           Lease liabilities                                              97,238,874.85      95,803,553.55    38,932,932.94     231,975,361.34
                           Long-term borrowings                                              962,797.50      44,251,224.00                       45,214,021.50

                           Total                                    40,458,062,424.66     98,201,672.35     140,054,777.55    38,932,932.94 40,735,251,807.50




234   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


X.    RISKS RELATING TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      2.     Transfer of financial assets

             (1)   Classification of transfer methods

                                            Nature of                     Amount of
                                            transferred                  transferred
                    Transfer methods        financial assets         financial assets   Derecognition    Basis for determining derecognition

                    Endorsement or          Notes receivable         160,571,283.76     Not derecognised Almost all of its risks and rewards have been
                     discounting of notes                                                                 retained, including the related default risk.
                    Endorsement or          Receivables financing   7,454,328,495.53    Derecognised Almost all of its risks and rewards have been
                     discounting of notes                                                                 transferred.

                    Total                                           7,614,899,779.29


             (2)   Financial assets derecognised due to transfer

                                                                                                        Amount of                   Gain or loss
                                                           Method for the transfer                 financial assets                    related to
                    Item                                   of financial assets                        derecognised                 derecognition

                    Receivables financing                  Endorsement or                        7,454,328,495.53                  -3,783,147.00
                                                           discounting of notes

                    Total                                                                        7,454,328,495.53                  -3,783,147.00




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     235
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XI.     DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE

        1.       Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at the end of the Year

                                                                                       Fair value as at the end of the Year
                                                                 Level 1 fair value   Level 2 fair value    Level 3 fair value
                 Item                                               measurement          measurement           measurement                  Total

                 I.  Fair value measurement on a
                     recurring basis                                             –                    –                     –                    –
                     (i) Transactional financial assets               2,392,096.41        46,567,199.63     16,160,317,466.81    16,209,276,762.85
                           1. Financial assets at fair value
                               through profit or loss                 2,392,096.41        46,567,199.63     16,160,317,466.81    16,209,276,762.85
                               (1) Wealth management
                                    products                                                                16,160,317,466.81    16,160,317,466.81
                               (2) Derivative financial assets                            46,567,199.63                              46,567,199.63
                               (3) Stocks, bonds, funds               2,392,096.41                                                    2,392,096.41
                     (ii) Other debt investments                                                             6,000,519,893.99     6,000,519,893.99
                           1. Receivables financing                                                          6,000,519,893.99     6,000,519,893.99
                     (iii) Other equity instrument investments       15,554,161.53                              26,810,652.35        42,364,813.88
                     (iv) Other non-current financial assets         21,332,417.54                                                   21,332,417.54
                 Total assets measured at fair value
                   on a recurring basis                              39,278,675.48        46,567,199.63     22,187,648,013.15    22,273,493,888.26
                     (v) Transactional financial liabilities                               3,552,841.18                               3,552,841.18
                           1. Financial liabilities at fair
                               value through profit or loss                                3,552,841.18                               3,552,841.18
                               (1) Derivative financial
                                    liabilities                                            3,552,841.18                               3,552,841.18
                 Total liabilities measured at fair value
                   on a recurring basis                                                    3,552,841.18                               3,552,841.18

        2.       Basis for determination of the market value of Level 1 fair value measurements on a recurring
                 and non-recurring basis

                 For transactional financial assets held by the Company subject to Level 1 fair value measurements, the
                 quoted market prices of the corresponding products and investments in the open market shall be used as
                 the basis for determining the market value.

        3.       Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
                 for items at level 2 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

                 The Group’s items at level 2 fair value measurement are forward foreign exchange settlement and
                 sales contracts. As at the balance sheet date, the Group had obtained forward exchange rate quotations
                 from contracted banks, which were determined based on the remaining term to maturity. The fair
                 value of such forward foreign exchange settlement and sales contracts were determined by multiplying
                 the difference between the quotations and agreed exchange rates for such forward foreign exchange
                 settlement and sales contracts by the amount for forward foreign exchange settlement and sales.




236   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XI.   DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (continued)

      4.     Valuation techniques and qualitative and quantitative information of significant parameters used
             for items at Level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring and non-recurring basis

             The Group’s level 3 items are wealth management products of banks, receivables financing, other
             investments in equity instruments, and other non-current financial assets. The wealth management
             products of banks forecast future cash flows using the expected rate of return and the unobservable
             input value is the expected rate of return. The receivables financing are notes receivable held by the
             Group having relatively short remaining maturity with their carrying amount appropriate to fair value,
             and adopt carrying amount as their fair value. Other investments in equity instruments are mainly
             equity investments for which there is no observable and active market data to validate the financial
             projections using their own data.

             A gain or loss from change in fair value of RMB162,278,809.71 was recognised in respect of the
             wealth management products of banks during the year. Changes in the unobservable input (expected
             rate of return) do not result in significant changes in fair value. At the end of the year, the Group
             determined the fair value to be the forecast future cash flows based on the expected rate of return, and
             the changes in valuation techniques had a relatively insignificant impact on the financial statements.

XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

      1.     Relationship with related parties

             (1)   Parent company of the Company

                                                                                                                  Parent           Parent
                                                                                                               company’s       company’s
                                                                                                            percentage of   percentage of
                                                                                               Registered shareholding in voting rights in
                    Name of the               Place of                                            capital   the Company     the Company
                    parent company            registration Business nature                   (RMB0’000)              (%)              (%)

                    Qingdao Hisense Air-      Qingdao     Manufacture of air-                     67,479            37.28              37.28
                     Conditioning Co., Ltd.               conditioners and moulds and
                                                          provision of after-sale services


                    The indirect controlling shareholder of the Company is Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd., and
                    the Company has no actual controller.

             (2)   Subsidiaries of the Company

                    For details of subsidiaries, please refer to relevant information as set out in “VIII. 1.(1) Major
                    composition of the enterprise group” in the Notes.




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   237
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        1.       Relationship with related parties (continued)

                (3)        Joint ventures and associates of the Company

                           Other joint ventures or associates that had related party transactions with the Company during
                           the Year, or had balances arising from related party transactions with the Company in the
                           pervious periods, are as follows:

                           Name of joint ventures or associates                        Relationship with the Company

                           Hisense Jinlong Holdings                                    Associate
                           Hisense Marketing Management                                Joint venture
                           Hisense Huanya Holdings                                     Joint venture
                           Hisense International Marketing                             Associate
                           Hisense Intelligent Electronic                              Associate
                           Associate of Sanden Company                                 Associate


                (4)        Other related parties of the Company

                           Name of other related parties                               Relationship with the Company

                           Hisense Group Holdings Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       Indirect holding company and
                             (“Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries”)             other subsidiaries controlled by
                                                                                         them
                           Hisense Finance Co., Ltd. (“Hisense Finance”)               Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                                                                                         company
                           Hisense Visual Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries    Subsidiary of the indirect holding
                             (“Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries”, formerly known      company
                             as Qingdao Hisense Electric Appliance Co., Ltd.)
                           Hisense Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries          Related parties with significant
                             (“Hisense Group and its subsidiaries”)                      influence over indirect
                                                                                         controlling shareholders of the
                                                                                         Company
                           Haifeng Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries          Related parties with significant
                            (“Haifeng Group and its subsidiaries”)                       influence over indirect
                                                                                         controlling shareholders of the
                                                                                         Company
                           Beijing Xuehua Group Company Limited                        Minority shareholder of Beijing
                             (“Xuehua Group”)                                            Refrigerator
                           Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning Holding           Controlling shareholder of the
                             (UK) Ltd. (“Johnson Hitachi”)                               minority shareholder of Hisense
                                                                                         Hitachi




238   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions

             (1)   Purchase of goods/receipt of services

                                                                                       Amount for the year                                               Amount for the previous year
                                                                                                                                      Whether the
                                                                                              Percentage of the         Approved transaction limit                   Percentage of the
                                                      Particulars of related                  amount of similar transaction limit       is exceeded                  amount of similar
                    Related party                     party transactions               Amount transactions (%)     (if applicable)  (if applicable)           Amount transactions (%)

                    Hisense Holdings and its          Finished goods            364,094,200.13               0.50                                      390,215,371.17              0.59
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its          Materials                1,914,458,727.46              2.61                                     1,710,332,860.33             2.56
                                                                                                                    5,190,000,000.00            No
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its          Rendering of Service 1,648,215,361.68                  2.24                                     1,234,452,379.55             1.85
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its          Equipment                  24,063,207.54               0.03               N/A            N/A      17,488,068.11              0.03
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal purchase of Hisense                               3,950,831,496.81              5.38                                     3,352,488,679.16             5.03
                      Holdings and its subsidiaries


                    Hisense Visual and its            Finished goods             20,050,168.50               0.03                                         4,754,693.25             0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its            Materials                 188,262,652.97               0.26                                      272,396,030.79              0.41
                                                                                                                     340,000,000.00             No
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its            Rendering of service      116,558,683.57               0.16                                       61,839,849.68              0.09
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its            Equipment                                                                                            818,722.83              0.00
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal purchase of Hisense                                324,871,505.04               0.44                                      339,809,296.55              0.51
                      Visual and its subsidiaries


                    Johnson Hitachi and its           Finished goods             61,339,893.96               0.08                                      103,503,403.90              0.16
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its           Materials                 856,590,046.24               1.17                                      774,886,175.51              1.16
                                                                                                                    1,415,860,000.00            No
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its           Rendering of service       14,465,010.53               0.02                                       15,204,771.67              0.02
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal purchase of Johnson                                932,394,950.73               1.27                                      893,594,351.08              1.34
                      Hitachi and its subsidiaries


                    Hisense Group and its             Materials                        6,256.30              0.00                                                                  0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Group and its             Rendering of service       11,938,557.87               0.02                                       11,559,970.60              0.02
                                                                                                                                N/A            N/A
                      subsidiaries
                    SITC Group                        Finished goods                 96,237.16               0.00                                                                  0.00
                    SITC Group                        Rendering of service          533,649.68               0.00                                          186,050.41              0.00
                    Associates of Sanden              Finished goods            405,757,131.03               0.55                                       41,087,438.64              0.06
                      Company
                    Associates of Sanden              Materials                                                                                        364,902,747.82              0.55
                      Company
                    Associates of Sanden              Rendering of service                                                                                4,054,442.98             0.01
                      Company
                    Xuehua Group                      Rendering of service                                                                                 411,376.81              0.00


                    Subtotal                                                    418,331,832.04               0.57                                      422,202,027.26              0.63


                    Note:        The lease payment amounted to RMB74,779,200 recognised by the Company as a lessee was
                                 included in the “receipt of services” under related party transactions during the Year.


                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         239
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (1)        Purchase of goods/receipt of services (continued)

                           The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the
                           Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023, the first
                           special meeting of independent directors of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in
                           2024 convened on 22 January 2024, the second interim meeting of the Company’s eleventh
                           session of the Board in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, and the first extraordinary general
                           meeting in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, respectively.

                           The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its
                           subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                           Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have complied with the
                           disclosure and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules;
                           The Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business Cooperation Agreement, and the
                           Board has approved the transactions and the Directors (including the Independent Non-executive
                           Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the transactions are fair and reasonable, on
                           normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and in the
                           interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. Therefore, the connected transactions
                           w i t h J o h n s o n H i t a c h i a r e e x e m p t f r o m t h e c i r c u l a r, i n d e p e n d e n t f i n a n c i a l a d v i c e a n d
                           Shareholders’ approval requirements according to of Rule 14A.101 of the Hong Kong Listing
                           Rules).

                           O t h e r t h a n t h e a b o v e t r a n s a c t i o n s a n d t h o s e r e f e r r e d i n “1) u n d e r (5) O t h e r c o n n e c t e d
                           transactions”, other connected transactions conducted in 2024 as disclosed in note 12 of the
                           financial statements in the 2024 annual report do not constitute connected transactions under
                           Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




240   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (2)   Sale of goods/rendering of service

                                                                                       Amount for the year                                                 Amount for the previous year
                                                                                                                                      Whether the
                                                                                              Percentage of the         Approved transaction limit                    Percentage of the
                                                     Particulars of related                   amount of similar transaction limit       is exceeded                   amount of similar
                    Related party                    party transactions                Amount transactions (%)     (if applicable)  (if applicable)            Amount transactions (%)

                    Hisense Holdings and its         Finished goods           28,567,069,554.81              30.80                                    21,158,664,710.68             24.72
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Materials                  633,332,220.10                0.68                                      498,524,878.22               0.58
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                     29,810,000,000.00          No
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Moulds                      35,238,250.06                0.04                                       27,131,077.02               0.03
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Rendering of service        63,645,456.00                0.07                                       58,333,275.40               0.07
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Holdings and its         Equipment                       96,919.97                0.00                                          889,453.90               0.00
                                                                                                                                  N/A          N/A
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal of Hisense Holdings                              29,299,382,400.94              31.59                                    21,743,543,395.22             25.40
                      and its subsidiaries


                    Hisense Visual and its           Finished goods             674,416,417.76                0.73                                          763,090.09               0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Materials                  136,533,121.45                0.15                                      767,388,506.27                0.9
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                      1,040,000,000.00          No
                    Hisense Visual and its           Moulds                      36,252,890.71                0.04                                       40,445,176.14               0.05
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Rendering of service          8,429,916.24               0.01                                         6,129,338.71              0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Visual and its           Equipment                       24,103.65                0.00
                                                                                                                                  N/A          N/A
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal of Hisense Visual and                              855,656,449.81                0.93                                      814,726,111.21               0.95
                      its subsidiaries


                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Finished goods             363,015,195.17                0.39                                      252,439,156.76               0.29
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Materials                     9,118,573.58               0.01                                         5,377,684.80              0.01
                      subsidiaries
                                                                                                                       415,030,000.00           No
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Moulds                        2,565,656.33               0.00                                         9,851,989.56              0.01
                      subsidiaries
                    Johnson Hitachi and its          Rendering of service          2,991,543.21               0.00
                      subsidiaries


                    Subtotal of Johnson Hitachi                                 377,690,968.29                0.40                                      267,668,831.12               0.31
                      and its subsidiaries


                    Hisense Group and its        Finished goods                     104,867.27                0.00                                                                   0.00
                      subsidiaries
                    Hisense Group and its        Rendering of service                51,856.56                0.00                                           85,313.34               0.00
                                                                                                                                  N/A          N/A
                      subsidiaries
                    Xuehua Group                 Rendering of service               235,008.72                0.00                                                                   0.00
                    Associates of Sanden Company Finished goods                 994,302,757.41                1.07                                     1,407,127,497.78              1.64


                    Subtotal                                                    994,694,489.96                1.07                                     1,407,212,811.12              1.64


                    Note:        T h e l e a s e r e v e n u e a m o u n t e d t o R M B12,217,500 r e c o g n i s e d b y t h e C o m p a n y a s a l e s s o r w a s
                                 included in the “rendering of services” under related party transactions during the Year.



                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024          241
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (2)        Sale of goods/rendering of service (continued)

                           The above agreements were considered and approved at the eighth interim meeting of the
                           Company’s eleventh session of the Board in 2023 convened on 28 November 2023, the first
                           special meeting of independent directors of the Company’s eleventh session of the Board in
                           2024 convened on 22 January 2024, the second interim meeting of the Company’s eleventh
                           session of the Board in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, and the first extraordinary general
                           meeting in 2024 convened on 25 January 2024, respectively.

                           The above transactions with Hisense Holdings and its subsidiaries, Johnson Hitachi and its
                           subsidiaries constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong
                           Kong Listing Rules, and the Company confirmed such connected transactions have complied
                           with the disclosure and shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong
                           Kong Listing Rules (provided that the Company and Johnson Hitachi entered into a Business
                           Cooperation Agreement, and the Board has approved the transactions and the Directors
                           (including the Independent Non-executive Directors) have also confirmed that the terms of the
                           transactions are fair and reasonable, on normal commercial terms, in the ordinary and usual
                           course of business of the Group and in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a
                           whole. Therefore, the connected transactions with Johnson Hitachi are exempt from the circular,
                           independent financial advice and shareholders’ approval requirements under 14A.101 of the
                           Listing Rules).

                           O t h e r t h a n t h e a b o v e t r a n s a c t i o n s a n d t h o s e r e f e r r e d i n “1) u n d e r (5) O t h e r c o n n e c t e d
                           transactions”, other connected transactions conducted in 2024 as disclosed in note 12 of the
                           financial statements in the 2024 annual report do not constitute connected transactions under
                           Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                (3)        Related guarantees

                           1)        As a guarantor

                                     None.

                           2)        As guaranteed party

                                                                                                                                                   Whether the
                                                                                                                                                   guarantee has
                                     Name of guarantor                         Amount of guarantee    Guarantee start date Guarantee expiry date   been fulfilled

                                     Hisense (Hong Kong) Company Limited      JPY 12,000,000,000.00             2023-5-25              2024-5-24   Fulfilled




242   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      2.     Related party transactions (continued)

             (4)   Loans and borrowings of the related parties

                                              Amount of loans
                    Name of related parties   and borrowings    Start date   Expiry date Closing balance Remarks

                    Placements
                    Hisense Group Holdings     287,346,000.00    2023-4-28    2024-4-26                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB7,249,718.49
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     294,882,400.00    2024-4-26    2025-4-25   294,882,400.00 An interest expense of RMB13,327,372.25 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     393,993,600.00    2023-5-19    2024-5-17                  Repaid, an interest expense of
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 RMB11,399,921.04 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     397,852,000.00    2024-5-17    2025-5-16   397,852,000.00 An interest expense of RMB16,372,098.50 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      28,327,200.00    2023-5-30    2024-5-29                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB880,124.93
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      28,442,400.00    2024-5-29    2025-5-29    28,442,400.00 An interest expense of RMB1,103,769.93 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings       7,661,940.00    2023-5-15    2024-5-14                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB219,400.18
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings       7,815,830.00    2024-5-14    2025-5-14     7,815,830.00 An interest expense of RMB326,065.47 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      12,776,760.00   2023-12-19   2024-12-19                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB883,774.57
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      12,943,980.00   2024-12-19   2025-12-19    12,943,980.00 An interest expense of RMB8,585.70 was paid
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     239,599,000.00    2024-2-28    2024-3-28                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB1,539,662.89
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      13,132,225.00    2024-3-19    2025-3-19    13,132,225.00 An interest expense of RMB690,853.77 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings       7,105,800.00    2024-4-25    2025-4-25     7,105,800.00 An interest expense of RMB322,503.51 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     416,169,000.00    2024-5-16    2024-6-17                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB433,675.20
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings       6,407,280.00    2024-6-20    2025-6-20     6,407,280.00 An interest expense of RMB221,107.13 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      55,000,000.00    2024-7-15    2025-7-15                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB748,901.57
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings     891,450,000.00    2024-7-29    2024-8-26                  Repaid, an interest expense of RMB4,030,280.03
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 was paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      13,699,719.00    2024-9-19    2025-9-19    13,699,719.00 An interest expense of RMB233,244.70 was
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 paid during the year
                    Hisense Group Holdings      12,224,870.00   2024-12-19   2025-12-19    12,224,870.00 An interest expense of RMB8,108.73 was paid
                      and its subsidiaries                                                                 during the year




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       243
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        2.       Related party transactions (continued)

                (5)        Other connected transactions

                           1)    As at 31 December 2024, the Group had balance of bank deposit of RMB12,099,900,300
                                 (listed in monetary funds, other current assets, other non-current assets due within
                                 one year and other non-current assets according to holding intention and liquidity),
                                 net deposit and withdrawal of RMB-3,237,964,100, and balance of notes payable of
                                 RMB1,169,196,200 with Hisense Finance. The Group recognised the loan amount of
                                 Hisense Finance of RMB475,000,000, the amount of loan interest of RMB1,172,400,
                                 the amount of discounted interest paid for notes of RMB68,400, the amount of handling
                                 f e e s p a i d f o r e l e c t r o n i c b a n k a c c e p t a n c e n o t e s o f R M B1,628,400, a n d t h e a m o u n t
                                 of handling fees for settlement services paid for receipt and payment of funds of
                                 RMB787,900. Interest income from bank deposits of RMB352,666,200 was recognised
                                 f o r H i s e n s e F i n a n c e. D u r i n g t h e Y e a r, t h e a m o u n t i n v o l v e d f o r t h e p r o v i s i o n o f
                                 settlement and sale of foreign exchange services provided by Hisense Finance to the
                                 Group was RMB116,174,900, and the amount for provision of discounted notes was
                                 RMB49,812,100.

                           2)    Pursuant to the Trademark Licensing Agreement entered into between the Company
                                 and Hisense Group, the Group is entitled to use the trademark of “海信” and “Hisense”
                                 within the scope of permission and during the licensing period in the agreement at nil
                                 consideration.

                           3)    D u r i n g t h e r e p o r t i n g p e r i o d, t h e C o m p a n y a n d H i s e n s e V i s u a l T e c h n o l o g y C o.,
                                 Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Hisense Visual”) entered into the “Capital Increase
                                 Agreement of Qingdao Hisense Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd” on 29 March
                                 2024, pursuant to which, based on the appraised value of assets as the pricing basis,
                                 the Company and Hisense Visual jointly increased their capital in Qingdao Hisense
                                 Intelligent Electronic Technology Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as “Intelligent
                                 Electronic”) (hereinafter referred to as “Intelligent Electronic”), a subsidiary of Hisense
                                 Visual Company, in which the Company invested RMB147 million from its own funds to
                                 hold 12.14% of the shares in Intelligent Electronic and Hisense Visual invested RMB153
                                 million to hold 12.64% of the shares in Intelligent Electronic. Upon completion of the
                                 transaction, the Company held 12.14% of the equity interests in Intelligent Electronic
                                 and Hisense Visual held 87.86% of the equity interests in Intelligent Electronic.

                           4)    The Company held the 2021 Second Interim Meeting of the Eleventh Session of the
                                 Board on 15 October 2021, which considered and approved the “Framework Contract
                                 for Purchase of Part of the Houses at No. 7 Hisense Liaoyang Road” entered into by the
                                 Company and Qingdao Hisense Real Estate Company Limited as well as the connected
                                 transactions proposed to be carried out under this Contract. The Company agreed to
                                 subscribe for part of the houses from the 14th floor to the 21st floor of Building No.
                                 2, Hisense-Liaoyang Road No. 7 Project (the "Project") located at No. 567 Liaoyang
                                 West Road, Shibei District, Qingdao City, Shandong Province (the "Subject House")
                                 with a total planned floor area of 5,141.14 square meters (subject to the final measured
                                 a r e a d e t e r m i n e d b y r e l e v a n t g o v e r n m e n t d e p a r t m e n t s) a t a c o n s i d e r a t i o n o f n o t
                                 exceeding RMB117 million, which will be used as staff apartments of the Company.
                                 The transaction price was determined on the principles of fairness and reasonableness
                                 through negotiation between both parties to the transaction based on a comparison with
                                 comparable properties in the market and the public sale price of Hisense Real Estate. The
                                 transaction amount incurred during the Year was RMB5 million (excluding VAT).




244   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Receivables from and payables to related parties

             (1)   Receivables from related parties

                                                                                          Closing balance                      Opening balance
                                                                                                     Provision for                        Provision for
                    Item                  Related party                              Book value         bad debts          Book value        bad debts

                    Receivables Financing Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 10,588,453.47                              12,428,611.93
                    Receivables Financing Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                      164,553,211.50                             81,566,277.21

                    Subtotal                                                     175,141,664.97                          93,994,889.14

                    Notes receivable      Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 292,454,447.58                            319,007,723.28
                    Notes receivable      Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                      159,387,903.36                            226,887,871.53

                    Subtotal                                                     451,842,350.94                         545,895,594.81

                    Interest receivable   Hisense Finance                        466,057,623.62                         426,261,929.09

                    Subtotal                                                     466,057,623.62                         426,261,929.09

                    Accounts receivable   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries 97,931,519.34            113,650.00        96,504,120.74
                    Accounts receivable   Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                                                708,092.53      708,092.53
                    Accounts receivable   Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                     6,225,859,286.42         9,827,845.46 5,197,036,356.39       20,130,123.69
                    Accounts receivable   Johnson Hitachi and its
                                            subsidiaries                        75,247,912.85            34,360.55       68,933,497.31
                    Accounts receivable   Associates of Sanden Company         166,213,804.97         1,750,797.48      319,759,158.27      443,445.56

                    Subtotal                                                    6,565,252,523.58     11,726,653.49 5,682,941,225.24       21,281,661.78

                    Contract assets       Hisense Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                            1,720,210.00

                    Subtotal                                                        1,720,210.00

                    Other receivables     Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries        197,248.50             18,000.00      190,548.80         18,000.00
                    Other receivables     Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                            subsidiaries                            9,435,029.58        533,787.71        2,106,607.85       392,320.98
                    Other receivables     Associates of Sanden Company              3,838,023.43      2,854,887.75       23,908,679.93    23,144,878.94
                    Other receivables     Johnson Hitachi and its
                                            subsidiaries                             163,187.90

                    Subtotal                                                      13,633,489.41       3,406,675.46       26,205,836.58    23,555,199.92




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   245
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        3.       Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)

                (1)        Receivables from related parties (continued)

                                                                                              Closing balance                  Opening balance
                                                                                                         Provision for                    Provision for
                           Item                   Related party                         Book value          bad debts      Book value        bad debts

                           Dividends receivable   Associates of Sanden Company                                              89,630.21

                           Subtotal                                                                                         89,630.21

                           Prepayments            Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries     137,868.00                       411,109.28
                           Prepayments            Hisense Group Holdings and its
                                                    subsidiaries                      281,709,404.04                     87,637,498.40

                           Subtotal                                                  281,847,272.04                      88,048,607.68

                           Other non-current      Hisense Group Holdings and its
                             assets                 subsidiaries                       4,561,076.85                       6,384,738.43

                           Subtotal                                                    4,561,076.85                       6,384,738.43

                           Note:      Interest receivable in the above table represents the total amount of interest accrued based on the
                                      effective interest rate method. It is included in the carrying balance of the corresponding financial
                                      assets and is listed in other current assets, non-current assets due within one year, and other non-
                                      current assets according to holding intention and liquidity.




246   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      3.     Receivables from and payables to related parties (continued)

             (2)   Payables to related parties

                    Item               Related party                                 Closing balance        Opening balance

                    Note payable       Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries             12,700,039.71             4,638,174.56
                    Note payable       Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries     93,448,068.28            68,374,144.06
                    Note payable       Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries           350,014,323.36           279,435,254.04
                    Note payable       Associates of Sanden Company                                              1,402,649.94

                    Subtotal                                                          456,162,431.35           353,850,222.60

                    Accounts payable   Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries              6,516,580.55             1,885,200.49
                    Accounts payable   Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries    305,072,883.75           251,028,022.33
                    Accounts payable   Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries            50,548,531.17            43,155,749.32
                    Accounts payable   Associates of Sanden Company                    22,541,397.42            40,136,801.48
                    Accounts payable   Xuehua Group                                       235,008.72

                    Subtotal                                                          384,914,401.61           336,205,773.62

                    Dividends payable Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries             71,307,333.26            68,073,826.50

                    Subtotal                                                           71,307,333.26            68,073,826.50

                    Other payables     Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                228,267.68               406,339.02
                    Other payables     Hisense Group and its subsidiaries                                           50,983.14
                    Other payables     Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries   1,145,640,491.41          818,587,876.17
                    Other payables     Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries                631,190.00              200,000.00
                    Other payables     Xuehua Group                                        102,463.80              100,859.00
                    Other payables     Associates of Sanden Company                     78,260,924.05           37,781,629.00

                    Subtotal                                                         1,224,863,336.94          857,127,686.33

                    Advances           Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries                                          160,022.73

                    Subtotal                                                                                        160,022.73

                    Contractual        Hisense Visual and its subsidiaries
                      liabilities                                                          41,057.78                 12,939.87
                    Contractual        Hisense Group Holdings and its subsidiaries
                      liabilities                                                     246,810,029.13           102,170,950.58
                    Contractual        Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                      liabilities                                                         121,863.74                 21,851.62

                    Subtotal                                                          246,972,950.65           102,205,742.07

                    Other non-current Johnson Hitachi and its subsidiaries
                      liabilities                                                     504,879,334.95           576,186,668.20

                    Subtotal                                                          504,879,334.95           576,186,668.20




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   247
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        4.       Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees

                (1)        The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows:

                           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                                                 Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                    Emoluments
                                                                                              of                    Pension
                                                                        Status of   independent    Salaries and      scheme    Share-based
                           Names               Positions                office         directors    allowances contributions     payments      Total

                           Executive Directors
                           Gao Yu Ling         Chairperson, executive   Incumbent                       231.23          4.42        351.70    587.35
                                                 Director
                           Jia Shao Qian       Executive Director       Incumbent                                                   351.70     351.70
                           Yu Zhi Tao          Executive Director       Incumbent                                                   136.30     136.30
                           Hu Jian Yong        Executive Director,      Incumbent                       401.70          4.42        685.19   1,091.31
                                                 President
                           Zhu Dan             Executive Director       Incumbent
                           Dai Hui Zhong       Executive Director       Incumbent                       473.03          4.42        577.37   1,054.82
                           Xia Zhang Zhua      Executive Director       Former                          204.95          4.42        300.91     510.28

                           Independent
                             non-executive
                             Directors
                           Li Zhi Gang         Independent non-         Incumbent         14.00                                                14.00
                                                 executive Director
                           Tsoi Wing Sing      Independent non-         Incumbent           9.38                                                 9.38
                                                 executive Director
                           Xu Guo Jun          Independent non-         Incumbent           7.43                                                 7.43
                                                 executive Director
                           Zhong Geng Shen     Independent non-         Former              6.77                                                 6.77
                                                 executive Director
                           Cheung Sai Kit      Independent non-         Former            14.09                                                14.09
                                                 executive Director

                           Supervisors
                           Liu Zhen Shun       Chairman of Supervisory Incumbent
                                                 Committee
                           Sun Jia Hui         Supervisor              Incumbent
                           Bao Yi              Supervisor              Incumbent                        145.89          4.42        172.87    323.18
                           Yin Zhi Xin         Supervisor              Former                           211.63          4.42        174.75    390.80

                           Total                                                          51.67       1,668.43         26.52      2,750.79   4,497.41




248   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      4.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

             (1)   The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                    ①     Note: During the Year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any director as an inducement
                          to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                          Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Year.


                    ②     Ms. Gao Yu Ling was appointed as the Chairperson of the Company on 21 November 2024 and
                          ceased to be the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on the same date.


                    ③     Mr. Zhu Dan was appointed as a Director of the Company on 24 June 2024.


                    ④     Mr Xia Zhang Zhua left the Company on 24 June 2024 and ceased to be a Director of the Company.


                    ⑤     Mr. Tsoi Wing Sing was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 24
                          June 2024.


                    ⑥     Mr. Xu Guo Jun was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 2
                          August 2024.


                    ⑦     Mr. Zhong Geng Shen left the Company on 24 June 2024 and ceased to be an independent non-
                          executive Director of the Company.


                    ⑧     Mr. Cheung Sai Kit left the Company on 2 August 2024 and ceased to be an independent non-
                          executive Director of the Company.


                    ⑨     Mr. Bao Yi was appointed as a Supervisor of the Company on 24 June 2024


                    ⑩     Mr. Yin Zhi Xin left the Company on 24 June 2024 and ceased to be a Supervisor of the Company




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   249
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        4.       Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

                (1)        The emoluments of our directors and supervisors are as follows: (continued)

                           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                                                            Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                               Emoluments
                                                                                         of                    Pension
                                                                               independent    Salaries and      scheme    Share-based
                           Names                   Positions                      directors    allowances contributions     payments      Total

                           Executive Directors
                           Dai Hui Zhong           Chairman                                        637.82          4.28        446.47   1,088.57
                           Jia Shao Qian           Director                                                                    272.84     272.84
                           Yu Zhi Tao              Director
                           Hu Jian Yong            Director, President                             725.22          4.27        474.14   1,203.63
                           Xia Zhang Zhua          Director                                        309.82          4.33        223.24     537.39
                           Gao Yu Ling             Director, Chief Financial                       329.80          4.33        272.84     606.97
                                                     Officer
                           Lin Lan                 Former Director
                           Fei Li Cheng            Former Director                                 111.94          4.31                  116.25

                           Independent non-
                             executive Directors
                           Zhong Geng Shen         Independent non-executive         14.00                                                14.00
                                                     Director
                           Cheung Sai Kit          Independent non-executive         24.00                                                24.00
                                                     Director
                           Li Zhi Gang             Independent non-executive         13.68                                                13.68
                                                     Director
                           Ma Jin Quan             Former Independent non-             0.32                                                 0.32
                                                     executive Director

                           Supervisors
                           Liu Zhen Shun           Chairman of Supervisory
                                                     Committee
                           Sun Jia Hui             Supervisor
                           Yin Zhi Xin             Supervisor                                      221.77          4.25        109.14    335.16

                           Total                                                     52.00       2,336.37         25.77      1,798.67   4,212.81


                           ①        Note: During the Year, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any director as an inducement
                                    to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors of the
                                    Company has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Year.




250   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      4.     Emoluments of Directors, Supervisors and Employees (continued)

             (2)   Five highest paid individuals

                    In 2024, two (2023: two) of the five highest paid individuals of the Company were the Directors
                    of the Company. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other three individuals
                    (2023: three) were as follows (in respect of the range of emoluments for 2024, emoluments
                    of three individuals exceeded RMB2,500,000 and were below RMB3,000,000; in respect of
                    the range of emoluments for 2023, emoluments of one individual exceeded RMB4,500,000
                    and were below RMB5,000,000, and that of one individual exceeded RMB4,000,000 and were
                    below RMB4,500,000, and that of one individual exceeded RMB3,500,000 and were below
                    RMB4,000,000):

                                                                                                       Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                        Amount for        Amount for the
                    Item                                                                  the Year         Previous Year

                    Salaries and allowances                                                  781.13                1,310.88
                    Pension scheme contributions                                              13.27                    8.53

                    Total                                                                    794.40                1,319.41


             (3)   Emoluments of key management personnel

                                                                                                       Unit: (RMB0’000)

                                                                                        Amount for        Amount for the
                    Item                                                                  the Year         Previous Year

                    Directors and supervisors
                    Emoluments, salaries and allowances of independent
                      directors                                                            1,720.10                2,388.38
                    Pension scheme contributions                                              26.54                   25.76
                    Share-based payments                                                   2,750.80                1,798.67
                    Emoluments of other key management personnel
                    Salaries and allowances                                                  213.37                   116.90
                    Pension scheme contributions                                               8.79                     4.25
                    Share-based payments                                                     158.69                    89.29

                    Total                                                                  4,878.29                4,423.25


                    Note:   Key management personnel refer to the senior management who has the authority and responsibility
                            for planning, directing and controlling the corporate activities.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   251
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XII. RELATED PARTY AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS (continued)

        5.       Pension scheme

                 In accordance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations, the Group contributes mainly to a defined
                 contribution pension scheme, which is administered by the provincial government, in respect of
                 employees of the Group. According to such scheme, the Group shall make contributions to the pension
                 fund at certain percentage of the total salaries and wages of its employees.

XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

        1.       General information about share-based payments

                (1)        Overview on Restricted Share Incentive Scheme

                           On 28 February 2023, the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share
                           class general meeting and the 2023 first H Share class general meeting considered and approved
                           the “Resolution on the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares (Draft) of the
                           Company and its Summary”, the “Resolution on the Administrative Measures for the Appraisal
                           System of the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company” and the
                           “Resolution to Propose the General Meeting to Authorise the Board to Handle Matters Relating
                           to the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares of the Company''. On the same day,
                           the 2023 third extraordinary general meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board and the 2023
                           first meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee were convened to consider
                           and approve the ''Proposal for the Granting of Restricted Shares to Incentive Recipients under
                           the 2022 Restricted Share Incentive Scheme for A Shares''. The above resolutions determined
                           that the total number of restricted shares granted to 596 incentive recipients was 29,618,000
                           shares. As some of the incentive recipients forfeited the restricted shares granted to them, the
                           actual number of recipients of the first grant under the Incentive Scheme was 511, the number
                           of shares granted was 25,422,000 shares, and the grant price was RMB6.64 per share.

                           The changes in the 2022 Restricted A Share Incentive Scheme during the year were as follows:

                                                        Granted during the year     Exercised during the year      Unlocked during the year        Lapsed during the year
                           Categories of participants    Number            Amount     Number            Amount      Number             Amount       Number            Amount

                           Senior management and core
                             personnel                                                                           8,999,035.00   59,753,592.40   1,924,965.00   12,781,767.60

                           Total                                                                                 8,999,035.00   59,753,592.40   1,924,965.00   12,781,767.60




252   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

      1.     General information about share-based payments (continued)

             (2)   Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                    1)    2022 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                          The Company held the 2022 tenth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board
                          and the 2022 fourth meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Supervisory Committee on
                          30 December 2022, and the 2023 first A Share class general meeting and the 2023 first
                          H Share class general meeting on 28 February 2023, which considered and approved
                          relevant resolutions, such as the “Resolution on the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership
                          P l a n f o r A S h a r e s o f t h e C o m p a n y a n d i t s S u m m a r y” a n d t h e “R e s o l u t i o n o n t h e
                          Administrative Measures for the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of
                          the Company”, agreeing to implement the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan for A
                          Shares and authorising the Board to handle the matters in relation to the 2022 Employee
                          Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares of the Company. On 12 May 2023, the Company held
                          the 2023 sixth interim meeting of the Eleventh Session of the Board, which considered
                          and passed the “Resolution on the Allocation of Reserved Shares under the Employee
                          Stock Ownership Plan for A Shares in 2022” within the scope of authorisation of the
                          2023 second extraordinary general meeting. The participants of this Employee Stock
                          Ownership Plan are the directors (excluding independent directors), supervisors, senior
                          management and other core employees of the Company, with the total number of the first
                          grant not exceeding 30 participants (excluding the reserved shares) and with the reserved
                          shares allocated to 29 participants. The number of the underlying shares involved in
                          this Employee Stock Ownership Plan was not more than 11,700,000 shares. According
                          to the actual subscription and final payment by the participants, a total of 52 employees
                          (including reserved shares) actually participated in the subscription of shares of the first
                          grant under the 2022 Employee Stock Ownership Plan of the Company, corresponding to
                          10,810,000 shares, with the grant price of RMB6.64 per share. The source of the shares
                          was the Company's repurchase of its shares through a special securities account for share
                          repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    253
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

        1.       General information about share-based payments (continued)

                (2)        Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                           2)    2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan

                                 The Company held the 2024 first interim meeting of the eleventh session of the Board
                                 and the 2024 first meeting of the eleventh session of the Supervisory Committee on 8
                                 January 2024, and the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting and the 2024 first
                                 A Share class meeting and the 2024 first H Share class meeting on 22 February 2024,
                                 which considered and approved relevant resolutions, such as the Resolution on the 2024
                                 A Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan (Draft) and its Summary”, while agreeing to
                                 implement the 2024 A Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan and authorising the Board
                                 to handle the matters in relation to the 2024 A Shares Employee Stock Ownership Plan of
                                 the Company. The total number of the shares granted in this Stock Ownership Plan was
                                 no more than 13,916,000 shares, with the total number of participants in this Employee
                                 Stock Ownership Plan not exceeding 279 employees. The grant price was RMB10.78
                                 per share and the total number of shares granted was no more than 13,916,000 shares.
                                 The source of the shares was the Company's repurchase of its shares through a special
                                 securities account for share repurchase through centralised bidding transactions.

                                 The changes in the Employee Stock Ownership Plan during the year were as follows:

                                                                        Granted during the Year      Exercised during the Year    Unlocked during the Year    Expired during the Year
                                 Category of grant targets               Quantity        Amount       Quantity          Amount     Quantity         Amount    Quantity         Amount

                                 Senior management and core personnel 14,060,050.00 152,768,087.86                               4,211,860.00 27,966,750.40

                                 Total                               14,060,050.00 152,768,087.86                                4,211,860.00 27,966,750.40




254   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

      1.     General information about share-based payments (continued)

             (2)    Overview on Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                    2)     2024 A Share Employee Stock Ownership Plan (continued)

                           Share options or other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year

                                                 Other equity instruments issued as at the end of the Year
                           Category of              Range of
                           grant targets      exercise prices Remaining contractual term

                           Senior                  6.64,10.78   The validity period of the equity incentive scheme
                             management                           shall commence on the date of completion of the
                             and core                             registration of the grant of restricted shares and
                             personnel                            end on the date on which all restricted shares
                                                                  granted to the target of the incentive scheme
                                                                  are released from restriction or repurchased and
                                                                  cancelled, which shall not exceed 48 months at
                                                                  the longest.

      2.     Equity settled share-based payments

             Item                                            During the Year

             Method for determining fair value of equity     The fair value of restricted shares and the Employee
              instruments on the date of grant                 Stock Ownership Plan is determined by subtracting
                                                               the grant price from the market price on the date of
                                                               grant.

             Important parameters for fair value of equity   Market price on the date of grant
               instruments on the date of grant

             Basis for determining the number of equity      The Company revises the estimated number of equity
               instruments with exercisable rights             instruments that can be released from sale restriction
                                                               on each balance sheet date during the period of
                                                               restriction based on the latest available subsequent
                                                               information such as changes in the number of
                                                               persons who can be released from sale restriction,
                                                               achievement of performance targets, and so on.

             Reasons for significant discrepancies between N/A
               estimates of the year and the previous year

             Accumulated amount of equity-settled             195,669,559.97
              share-based payment included in the
              capital surplus




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   255
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XIII. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)

        3.       Share-based payment expenses during the Year

                                                                                                         Equity settled
                                                                                                          share-based
                 Category of grant targets                                                            payment expenses

                 Senior management and core personnel                                                    234,352,360.22

                 Total                                                                                   234,352,360.22


XIV. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

        1.       Important commitments

                                                                                                      Unit: (RMB0’000)

                 Item                                                             Closing balance      Opening balance

                 Commitments in respect of investment in subsidiaries and
                   jointly controlled entities (commitment to purchase long-
                   term assets):
                   – Authorised but not contracted
                   – Contracted but not paid                                             43,106.80             41,097.13
                 Commitments in respect of acquisition of the property,
                   plant and equipment of subsidiaries (commitment for
                   external investment):
                   – Contracted but not paid

        2.       Contingencies

                (1)        Contingent liabilities arising from pending litigations and arbitration and their financial
                           impacts

                           As at 31 December 2024, the Group was involved, as defendant, in litigations with amount of
                           RMB24,567,425.60, and expected liabilities of RMB7,629,490.41 was recognised.

XV.     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

        1.       Profit distribution

                 On 29 March 2024, the Proposed Profit Distribution Plan for 2024 was considered and approved at
                 the first meeting of 2025 of the twelfth session of the Board of the Company: Based on the total share
                 capital of 1,386,010,405 shares of the Company as of the date of disclosure of the annual report 2024,
                 deducting the total share capital of 1,385,264,498 shares repurchased from the repurchase account
                 (as of the date of disclosure of this report, there were 745,907 shares in the repurchase account of the
                 Company), a cash dividend of RMB12.30 (tax inclusive) was to be paid to all shareholders for every
                 10 shares held. There will be no issue of bonus share and no transfer of reserve to share capital during
                 the year. If the total share capital of the Company changed during the period between the approval
                 of the Profit Distribution Plan by the Board the Company and the implementation of the Profit
                 Distribution Plan, the Company will re-determine the total amount of the dividend based on the latest
                 total share capital in accordance with the principle of “the amount of the dividend per share remaining
                 unchanged”. Such resolution was subject to the approval at general meeting of the Company.




256   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

      1.     Capital management

             The primary objectives of the Company’s capital management are to safeguard the Company’s ability
             to continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business
             and maximise shareholders’ value.

             The Company manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
             conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital
             structure, the Company may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders
             or issue new shares.

             The Group was not subject to externally mandatory capital requirements and monitored its capital
             structure using the gearing ratio (total liabilities divided by total assets).

             As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the gearing ratios of the Group were set out as
             follows:

                                                                                                                  Beginning
             Item                                                                 End of the year                of the year

             Total liabilities                                                 50,327,415,106.20        46,550,436,429.03
             Total assets                                                      69,701,939,817.33        65,946,495,555.67
             Gearing ratio                                                               72.20%                   70.59%

      2.     Leases

             (1)      Different categories of leased assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                          Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                Closing carrying        Opening carrying
                      Categories of leased assets under operating leases                 amount                  amount

                      Buildings and structures                                             48,718.77               31,660.82
                      Land use rights                                                         105.23                  108.88
                      Machinery and equipment, etc.                                           468.25                  469.51
                      Transportation equipment                                                 34.72                   14.57

                      Total                                                                49,326.97               32,253.78




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   257
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

        2.       Leases (continued)

                (2)        The Group as lessor under operating lease

                           The Group’s investment properties are also leased to a number of tenants for different terms.
                           The rental income for 2023 amounted to RMB68.9256 million (2023: RMB37.9862 million).
                           The minimum lease payments receivable under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                           reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                        Amount for           Amount for
                           Item                                                           the year         previous year

                           Within one year                                                  5,107.91             5,875.12
                           Over one year but within five years                             13,232.69            16,220.10
                           Over five years                                                      3.14                55.70

                           Total                                                           18,343.74            22,150.92


                (3)        The Group as lessee under operating lease

                           The Group leases certain leasehold building or structure and others under operating leases with
                           lease terms ranging from one to five years. The operating lease payments for the year ended 31
                           December 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                         Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                        Amount for           Amount for
                           Operating lease payments                                       the year         previous year

                           Building or structures                                          17,574.96            15,359.31
                           Others                                                           7,683.35             9,332.99

                           Total                                                           25,258.31            24,692.30


                           The Group adopts simplified treatment for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets with
                           a lease period of not more than 12 months. Due to the small amount of related lease payments,
                           the adoption of simplified treatment has relatively small impact on the financial statements.




258   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVI. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (continued)

      2.     Leases (continued)

             (4)    The total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases at the end of
                    reporting period due as follows:

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

                                                                                  Amount for             Amount for
                    Item                                                            the year           previous year

                    Within one year                                                 11,767.02                14,658.48
                    Over one year but within five years                             15,891.16                19,499.65
                    Over five years                                                  1,879.60                 3,893.29

                    Total                                                           29,537.78                38,051.42

      3.     Auditors’ remuneration

             In 2024, as considered and approved at the shareholders’ general meeting, the Company agreed to
             reappoint Shine Wing Certified Public Accountants as the auditor of the Company for the year of 2024,
             and the Board was authorized to fix their remuneration. The Company agreed to pay a remuneration of
             approximately RMB2,100,000 and RMB900,000 to the auditors for the provision of audit services for
             financial reporting and internal control respectively for the year ended 31 December 2024 and bear the
             corresponding travel expenses.

XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

      1.     Accounts receivable

             (1)   Accounts receivable by ageing

                    Ageing analysis of accounts receivable based on invoice day is as follows:

                    Ageing                                                    Closing balance      Opening balance

                    Within three months                                        574,773,952.12         617,522,768.99
                    Over three months but within six months                      2,437,960.37             860,204.88
                    Over six months but within one year                          7,238,081.31
                    Over one year                                              126,167,140.90         107,107,551.47

                    Total                                                      710,617,134.70         725,490,525.34




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   259
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        1.       Accounts receivable (continued)

                (2)        Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts

                                                                                               Closing balance
                                                                         Book value                 Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                           Category                                  Amount              %            Amount                    %           amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is
                             separately made
                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is made
                             on a group basis                  710,617,134.70         100.00    107,081,692.16                15.07   603,535,442.54
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method               108,092,297.83          15.21    107,081,692.16                99.07     1,010,605.67
                           Receivables from related parties    602,524,836.87          84.79                                          602,524,836.87

                           Total                               710,617,134.70         100.00    107,081,692.16                15.07   603,535,442.54


                           (continued)

                                                                                               Opening balance
                                                                         Book value                 Provision for bad debts                Carrying
                           Category                                  Amount              %            Amount                    %           amount

                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is
                             separately made
                           Accounts receivable for which
                             provision for bad debts is made
                             on a group basis                  725,490,525.34         100.00    107,108,618.15                14.76   618,381,907.19
                           Including:
                           Aging analysis method               107,640,893.73          14.84    107,108,618.15                99.51       532,275.58
                           Receivables from related parties    617,849,631.61          85.16                                          617,849,631.61

                           Total                               725,490,525.34         100.00    107,108,618.15                14.76   618,381,907.19


                           1)         Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by aging analysis
                                      method:

                                                                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                                                  Provision for
                                      Ageing                                             Book value                  bad debts                   %

                                      Including: Within three months                    1,012,630.93                   2,025.26              0.20
                                                 Over one year                        107,079,666.90             107,079,666.90            100.00

                                      Total                                           108,092,297.83             107,081,692.16


                                      Note:   This group is based on the aging of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic and
                                              made provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each aging section.



260   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      1.     Accounts receivable (continued)

             (2)   Accounts receivable by provision for bad debts (continued)

                    2)      Among the group, provision for bad debts for accounts receivable by receivables from
                            related parties:

                                                                                     Closing balance
                                                                                               Provision for
                            Ageing                                        Book value              bad debts              %

                            Within one year                          602,524,836.87

                            Total                                    602,524,836.87


             (3)   Provision for bad debts for accounts receivable for the year

                                                                     Changes during the year
                                                 Opening                   Recoveries or                            Closing
                    Category                     balance     Provision         reversals        Write-off           balance

                    Aging analysis method   107,108,618.15   -26,925.99                                     107,081,692.16

                    Total                   107,108,618.15   -26,925.99                                     107,081,692.16


             (4)   Accounts receivable written-off during the year

                    During the year, the parent had no accounts receivable written-off.



             (5)   Top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year

                    The total top five accounts receivable by debtor as at the end of the year amounted to
                    RMB581,049,813.83, accounting for 81.77% of the closing balance of accounts receivable. A
                    provision for bad debts of RMB24,988,826.34 in total was made as at the end of the year.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   261
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables

                 Item                                                            Closing balance    Opening balance

                 Dividends receivable                                               71,598,383.60      68,351,678.85
                 Other receivables                                               1,095,693,177.89   1,187,499,173.19

                 Total                                                           1,167,291,561.49   1,255,850,852.04

                 2.1       Dividends receivable

                           (1)   Classification of dividends receivable

                                 Item (or investee)                              Closing balance    Opening balance

                                 Hisense Hitachi                                   71,598,383.60      68,351,678.85

                                 Total                                             71,598,383.60      68,351,678.85

                 2.2       Other receivables

                           (1)   Classification of other receivables by nature

                                                                                         Closing          Beginning
                                 Nature of the amount                                 book value         book value

                                 Other current account                           1,110,783,600.02   1,202,314,549.91

                                 Total                                           1,110,783,600.02   1,202,314,549.91


                           (2)   Other receivables by ageing

                                                                                                            Closing
                                 Ageing                                                                  book value

                                 Within three months                                                 182,270,181.53
                                 Over three months but within six months                                  97,983.59
                                 Over six months but within one year                                   5,792,909.10
                                 Over one year                                                       922,622,525.80

                                 Total                                                              1,110,783,600.02




262   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables (continued)

             2.2    Other receivables (continued)

                   (3)    Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts

                                                                                              Closing balance
                                                                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                Percentage                      Percentage           Carrying
                          Category                                   Amount           (%)            Amount           (%)             amount

                          Separate provision for bad debt
                          Provision for bad debts on a
                            group basis                      1,110,783,600.02        100.00     15,090,422.13          1.36 1,095,693,177.89
                          Including:
                          Ageing analysis method                15,601,556.09          1.40     15,090,422.13         96.72         511,133.96
                          Receivables from related parties   1,095,182,043.93         98.60                                   1,095,182,043.93
                          Other account payments

                          Total                              1,110,783,600.02        100.00     15,090,422.13          1.36 1,095,693,177.89


                          (continued)

                                                                                              Opening balance
                                                                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                Percentage                      Percentage           Carrying
                          Category                                   Amount           (%)            Amount           (%)             amount

                          Separate provision for bad debt
                          Provision for bad debts on a
                            group basis                      1,202,314,549.91        100.00     14,815,376.72          1.23 1,187,499,173.19
                          Including:
                          Ageing analysis method                14,836,569.05          1.23     14,815,376.72         99.86          21,192.33
                          Receivables from related parties   1,186,884,657.69         98.72                                   1,186,884,657.69
                          Other account payments                   593,323.17          0.05                                         593,323.17

                          Total                              1,202,314,549.91        100.00     14,815,376.72          1.23 1,187,499,173.19




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024    263
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (3)   Other receivables as shown by provision for bad debts (continued)

                                 1)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by ageing analysis
                                        method:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                               Provision for Percentage
                                        Ageing                                      Book balance                  bad debts        (%)

                                        Including: Within three months                 509,207.85                     1,018.42     0.20
                                                   Over six months but
                                                     within one year                     5,889.07                  2,944.54       50.00
                                                   Over one year                    15,086,459.17             15,086,459.17      100.00

                                        Total                                       15,601,556.09             15,090,422.13


                                        Note:    This group is based on the ageing of accounts receivable as credit risk characteristic
                                                 and made provision for bad debts based on the expected credit loss of each ageing
                                                 section.


                                 2)     Among the group, provision for bad debts for other receivables by receivables
                                        from related parties:

                                                                                                    Closing balance
                                                                                                               Provision for Percentage
                                        Ageing                                      Book balance                  bad debts        (%)

                                        Related parties within the scope
                                          of consolidation                       1,095,182,043.93

                                        Total                                    1,095,182,043.93




264   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      2.     Other receivables (continued)

             2.2    Other receivables (continued)

                   (4)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables

                                                                         First stage     Second stage        Third stage
                                                                                              Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                                                             expected           expected
                                                                    Expected credit         credit loss       credit loss
                                                                         loss in the   (without credit       (with credit
                          Provision for bad debts                   next 12 months       impairment)        impairment)               Total

                          Balance as at 1 January 2024                    13,887.13      3,632,128.27      11,169,361.32      14,815,376.72
                          During the year, the balance of other
                            receivables as at 1 January 2024                      –                  –                   –               –
                            – transferred to second stage
                            – transferred to third stage                                -3,388,659.17       3,388,659.17
                            – reversed to second stage
                            – reversed to first stage
                          Provision for the year                          -9,924.17        284,969.58                           275,045.41
                          Reversal for the year
                          Written-off for the year
                          Charge-off for the year
                          year

                          Balance as at 31 December 2024                   3,962.96        528,438.68      14,558,020.49      15,090,422.13


                          Note:    Except for separate assessment, the Company assessed whether the credit risk of financial
                                   instruments since its initial recognition was significantly increased based on the ageing, and
                                   estimated the expected credit loss of other receivables with ageing of over one year in the
                                   lifetime.

                   (5)    Provision for bad debts of other receivables by ageing analysis method

                                                                            Changes during the Year
                                                    Opening                        Recoveries or          Write-off or            Closing
                          Category                  balance         Provision          reversals           charge-off             balance

                          Ageing analysis
                           method             14,815,376.72       275,045.41                                                 15,090,422.13

                          Total               14,815,376.72       275,045.41                                                 15,090,422.13




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   265
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        2.       Other receivables (continued)

                 2.2       Other receivables (continued)

                           (6)        Other receivables actually written off during the Year

                                      During the year, the parent had no other receivables written-off.

                           (7)        Top five other receivables by debtor in terms of balances as at the end of the year

                                                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                                                              total other  Provision for
                                                           Nature of the                                                                     receivables       bad debts
                                      No.                  amount                     Closing balance         Ageing                                 (%) Closing balance

                                      Top 1                Inter-group current          372,699,354.39        Over one year                        33.55
                                                             account payments
                                      Top 2                Inter-group current          224,236,133.33        Within one year,                     20.19
                                                             account payments                                  over one year
                                      Top 3                Inter-group current          182,039,435.32        Within one year,                     16.39
                                                             account payments                                  over one year
                                      Top 4                Inter-group current           99,104,362.50        Within one year,                       8.92
                                                             account payments                                  over one year
                                      Top 5                Inter-group current           96,234,162.39        Over one year                          8.66
                                                             account payments

                                      Total                –                            974,313,447.93        –                                    87.71

        3.       Long-term equity investments

                (1)        Breakdown of long-term equity investments

                                                                                   Closing balance                                           Opening balance
                                                                                      Impairment                                                Impairment
                           Item                                    Book balance         provision Carrying amount         Book balance            provision Carrying amount

                           Investments in subsidiaries          6,036,704,138.92     59,381,641.00   5,977,322,497.92   5,297,448,970.59       59,381,641.00   5,238,067,329.59
                           Investments in associates and
                             joint ventures                       786,147,253.95                      786,147,253.95     697,276,441.82                         697,276,441.82

                           Total                                6,822,851,392.87     59,381,641.00   6,763,469,751.87   5,994,725,412.41       59,381,641.00   5,935,343,771.41




266   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

      3.     Long-term equity investments (continued)

             (2)   Investments in subsidiaries

                                                                                                                Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                                    Provision for                                                     Increase in                          Provision for
                                                               Opening balance       impairment        Increase in            Decrease in            share-based       Closing balance       impairment
                    Investees                                (carrying amount)   Opening balance       investment             investment               payments     (carrying amount)    Closing balance

                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                     5,227,619.58                                                                       3,955,776.09        9,183,395.67
                    Guangdong Kelon Air Conditioner
                       Co., Ltd.                                221,618,359.00      59,381,641.00                                                                      221,618,359.00      59,381,641.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Guangdong)
                       Freezer Co., Ltd.                          1,258,766.53                                                                       1,530,810.56        2,789,577.09
                    Hisense (Guangdong) Kitchen and
                       Bath System Co., Ltd.                      2,285,200.95                                                                       2,783,248.03        5,068,448.98
                    Foshan Shunde Rongshen Plastic
                       Co., Ltd.                                 54,285,499.65                                                                       1,169,758.42       55,455,258.07
                    Foshan Shunde Wangao Import & Export
                       Co., Ltd.                                    600,000.00                                                                                             600,000.00
                    Guangdong Kelon Jiake Electronics
                       Co., Ltd.                                 82,000,000.00                                                                                          82,000,000.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Yingkou) Refrigerator
                       Co., Ltd.                                 84,000,000.00                                                                                          84,000,000.00
                    Jiangxi Kelon Industrial Development
                       Co., Ltd.                                147,763,896.00                                                                                         147,763,896.00
                    Hisense Ronshen (Yangzhou)
                       Refrigerator Co., Ltd.                     1,661,131.90                                                                       1,843,971.32        3,505,103.22
                    Zhuhai Kelon Industrial Development
                       Co., Ltd.                                189,101,850.00                                                                                         189,101,850.00
                    Shenzhen Kelon Procurement Co., Ltd.         95,000,000.00                                                                                          95,000,000.00
                    Kelon Development Co., Ltd.                  11,200,000.00                                                                                          11,200,000.00
                    Hisense (Chengdu) Refrigerator Co.,
                       Ltd.                                         113,402.40                                                                         89,528.20           202,930.60
                    Hisense (Beijing) Electric Appliances
                       Co., Ltd                                  92,101,178.17                                                                                          92,101,178.17
                    Hisense Air-Conditioning Co., Ltd.          587,104,019.88                                                                      23,483,598.43      610,587,618.31
                    Qingdao Hisense Mould Co., Ltd.             208,396,930.42                      149,821,117.29                                   1,076,456.69      359,294,504.40
                    Hisense Refrigerator Co., Ltd.              775,730,414.11                                                                      36,438,079.57      812,168,493.68
                    Foshan Hisense Kelon Property
                       Development Co., Ltd.                      5,008,411.99                                                                        720,236.71         5,728,648.70




                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024           267
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        3.       Long-term equity investments (continued)

                (2)        Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                                                       Increase or decrease for the Year
                                                                                           Provision for                                                      Increase in                          Provision for
                                                                      Opening balance       impairment        Increase in            Decrease in             share-based       Closing balance       impairment
                           Investees                                (carrying amount)   Opening balance       investment             investment                payments     (carrying amount)    Closing balance

                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air-
                              Conditioning Systems Co., Ltd.         2,590,877,442.55                                                                       28,620,265.51    2,619,497,708.06
                           Qingdao Gorenje Electrical Co., Ltd.         16,840,534.29                                                                        3,004,685.94       19,845,220.23
                           Hisense (Shandong) Kitchen and
                              Bath Co., Ltd.                             3,016,863.30                                                                        2,954,362.36        5,971,225.66
                           Qingdao Hisense Commercial Cold
                              Chain Co., Ltd.                            5,334,046.68                                                                        6,780,696.53       12,114,743.21
                           Guangdong Hisense Refrigerator
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                       15,207,676.59                                                                       16,708,705.02       31,916,381.61
                           Hisense (Zhejiang) Air-Conditioner
                              Co., Ltd.                                    476,290.07                                                                         293,728.07           770,018.14
                           Qingdao Hisense Air-conditioner
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                       16,574,088.62                                                                       21,224,642.96       37,798,731.58
                           Guangdong Kelon Mould Co., Ltd.                 433,324.37                                                                          502,829.97          936,154.34
                           Jiangmen Hisense Home Appliances
                              Co., Ltd.                                  1,166,103.75                                                                        1,441,033.78        2,607,137.53
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitach Air-conditioner
                              Marketing Co., Ltd.                       17,844,908.20                                                                       21,440,943.72       39,285,851.92
                           Qingdao Johnson Controls Air-
                              Conditioning Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          245,336.14           245,336.14
                           Qingdao Hisense Hitachi Air
                              Conditioning Technology Co., Ltd                                                                                               3,964,727.61        3,964,727.61
                           Hisense (Guangdong) Air-Conditioner
                              Company Limited                            5,839,370.59                                                                       -5,839,370.59
                           Qingdao Yiyang Entrepreneurship
                              Investment Management Co., Ltd.                                                5,000,000.00                                                        5,000,000.00
                           Hisense Home Appliances (Hunan) Co.,
                              Ltd.                                                                         200,000,000.00                                                      200,000,000.00
                           HSHA (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.                                                      210,000,000.00                                                      210,000,000.00

                           Total                                     5,238,067,329.59      59,381,641.00   564,821,117.29                                  174,434,051.04    5,977,322,497.92      59,381,641.00




268   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

                      3.                 Long-term equity investments (continued)

                                        (3)                 Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                    Increase or decrease for the Year

                                                                                                                 Gains or losses     Adjustment
                                                                 Provision for                                  from investment          or other                           Declaration of                                                            Provision for
                                         Opening balance          impairment        Increase in   Decrease in   recognised using   comprehensive            Other change    cash dividend       Provision for     Changes in      Closing balance      impairment
Investees                               (carrying amount)     Opening balance       investment    investment      equity method           income                in equity        or profit   impairment made    exchange rate   (carrying amount)   Closing balance


I. Joint ventures
        Hisense Marketing Management
          Co., Ltd.                         49,708,956.80                                                            588,945.89                                                                                                     50,297,902.69
        Qingdao Hisense Huanya
          Holdings Co., Ltd.                24,044,123.64                                                          -3,668,421.46     2,079,692.32           -3,858,335.43                                                           18,597,059.07


Subtotal                                    73,753,080.44                                                          -3,079,475.57     2,079,692.32           -3,858,335.43                                                           68,894,961.76


II. Associates
        Qingdao Hisense Jinlong
          Holdings Co., Ltd.               406,595,770.08                                                          22,080,932.20                                             13,935,119.89                                         414,741,582.39
        Qingdao Hisense International
          Marketing Co., Ltd.              216,927,591.30                                                          76,798,355.23   -33,931,430.74            1,741,557.75   106,976,308.00                                         154,559,765.54
        Qingdao Hisense Intelligent
          Electronic Technology
          Co., Ltd                                                               147,000,000.00                      950,944.26                                                                                                    147,950,944.26


Subtotal                                   623,523,361.38                        147,000,000.00                    99,830,231.69   -33,931,430.74            1,741,557.75   120,911,427.89                                         717,252,292.19


Total                                      697,276,441.82                        147,000,000.00                    96,750,756.12   -31,851,738.42           -2,116,777.68   120,911,427.89                                         786,147,253.95




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024                269
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (continued)

        4.       Operating revenue and operating costs

                 Breakdown of operating revenue and operating costs

                                                      Amount for the Year              Amount for the previous year
                 Item                                  Revenue               Cost           Revenue                Cost

                 Principal operations          5,423,973,112.75   5,127,825,844.71   5,497,951,954.67   5,025,949,456.75
                 Other operations                266,147,242.44     220,802,465.83     245,082,487.90     211,396,887.36

                 Total                         5,690,120,355.19   5,348,628,310.54   5,743,034,442.57   5,237,346,344.11

        5.       Investment gain

                                                                                       Amount for        Amount for the
                 Item                                                                    the Year         previous year

                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the
                  cost method                                                    2,885,482,947.19        851,575,300.95
                 Gain from long-term equity investment under the
                  equity method                                                      96,750,756.12       123,053,319.33
                 Gain from disposal of transactional financial assets                29,262,925.90        69,651,087.35
                 Gain from disposal of long-term equity investment                                       -24,000,000.00

                 Total                                                           3,011,496,629.21       1,020,279,707.63




270   Annual Report 2024
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      1.     Breakdown of non-recurring profit or loss for the year

             Item                                                                            Amount for the year    Notes

             Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets (Including the offsetting
               part of the provision for impairment of assets already provisioned)                 -5,693,941.96
             Government grants included in the gain or loss (excluding those
               government grants that are closely related to the Company's normal
               business operations, that are in line with national policies, that are
               enjoyed according to defined criteria, and that have a sustained impact
               on the Company's profit or loss)                                                   247,168,700.30
             Gain or loss from changes in fair value of financial assets and liabilities
               held by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss from the disposal of
               financial assets and liabilities, except for the effective hedging business
               related to the Company's normal business operations                                135,123,664.04
             Gain or loss arising from entrusted investment or entrusted asset
               management                                                                         361,802,134.90
             Gain or loss arising from debt restructuring                                           9,564,354.65
             Other non-operating income and expense other than the aforementioned
               items                                                                              179,094,875.47

             Subtotal                                                                             927,059,787.40

             Less: Effect of income tax                                                           141,971,316.85
             Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                              43,055,596.74

             Total                                                                                742,032,873.81

      2.     Return on net asset and earnings per share

                                                                                                     Earnings per share
                                                                                                       (RMB/share)
                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                 average                Basic             Diluted
                                                                               return on             earnings            earnings
             Profit for the reporting period                                   net assets           per share           per share

             Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
              of the parent                                                       23.27%                 2.46                    2.46
             Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
              of the parent after deducting non-recurring
              profit or loss                                                      18.11%                 1.91                    1.91




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   271
Notes to the Financial Statements for 2024
(Unless otherwise expressly stated, amounts are denominated in RMB)


XVIII. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)

        3.       Five-year financial summary

                                                                                                    Unit: RMB’0000

                 Statement item                2024           2023           2022           2021              2020

                 Total operating
                   revenue              9,274,561.11   8,560,018.92   7,411,515.10   6,756,260.37      4,839,287.07
                 Total profits            596,638.90     568,455.74     382,380.97     291,653.70        348,513.00
                 Income tax                84,023.60      89,306.75      75,440.07      57,359.32         63,909.53
                 Net profit               512,615.30     479,148.99     306,940.91     234,294.38        284,603.46
                 Net profit
                   attributable to
                   owners of the
                   parent                 334,788.18     283,732.28     143,496.82      97,263.38       157,888.27
                 Profit and loss of
                   minority interests     177,827.12     195,416.72     163,444.08     137,031.00       126,715.19


                 Continued from above table

                                        31 December    31 December    31 December    31 December      31 December
                 Statement item                2024           2023           2022           2021             2020

                 Total assets           6,970,367.77   6,594,649.56   5,537,586.84   5,594,869.23      4,181,163.58
                 Total liabilities      5,032,741.51   4,655,043.64   3,909,678.58   4,035,729.83      2,740,511.68
                 Net assets             1,937,626.26   1,939,605.91   1,627,908.26   1,559,139.40      1,440,651.90
                 Total equity
                   attributable to
                   owners of the
                   parent               1,545,562.66   1,358,017.45   1,151,837.34   1,034,240.75        977,911.56
                 Minority interests       391,889.81     581,588.46     476,070.92     524,898.66        462,740.35
                 Total equity           1,937,452.47   1,939,605.91   1,627,908.26   1,559,139.40      1,440,651.90


                                                                        Hisense Home Appliances Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 28 March 2025




272   Annual Report 2024
