Country Garden Holdings Company Limited 碧 桂 園 控 股 有 限 公 司




    2021 Annual Report


                                                            Annual Report




                                                                                                              Stock Code: 2007
                                                                            (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                                                                                                                                                          What Is Country Garden?

                                                                                                                                                                          Country Garden is a diversified technology company that creates a happy
                                                                                                                                                                          life for the world.

                                                                                                                                                                          We are committed to robotics

                                                                                                                                                                          Technology is advancing from day to day. In fact, the age of robots is already here.
                                                                                                                                                                          Country Garden is committed to scientific innovation. Our team is growing by the day,
                                                                                                                                                                          particularly our team of top scientists. Today, we have over 200 thousand employees,
                                                                                                                                                                          including more than 1,000 PhDs. Their combined brainpower channels the power of science to
                                                                                                                                                                          craft better lives for all, and to make China a more technologically advanced country.

                                                                                                                                                                          We established Bright Dream Robotics to develop smart construction systems built around



                            Country Garden Holdings Company Limited 碧 桂 園 控 股 有 限 公 司
                                                                                                                                                                          construction robots, prefabrication systems, and BIM. Bright Dream Robotics is working to
                                                                                                                                                                          achieve the perfect marriage of safety, quality, speed, environmental friendliness and
                                                                                                                                                                          technology, and is leading a revolution in the construction sector. Meanwhile, Bright Dream
                                                                                                                                                                          Robotics is also developing, manufacturing, and operating robots for catering, healthcare,
              股份代號： 2007
   （於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）
                                                                                                                                                                          agriculture, and home services.
t r y ga rden . co m. c n




                                2021 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                                          We set up Qianxi Robotics to build the world’s most advanced robot restaurant. This is how
                                                                                                                                                                          we can offer our community food that is tasty, safe, nutritious, healthy, and reasonably priced
                                                                                          Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                                          and provide an entirely new dining experience to the consumers.

                                                                                                                                                                          We build good housing and good communities
                                                                                                                                              Stock Code: 2007
                                                                                                            (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                                                                                                                                                          Country Garden is committed to supporting China’s new urbanization process. We bring true
                                                                                                                                                                          craft and care to the task of making homes that are safe, healthy, attractive, economical,
                                                                                                                                                                          practical, and long-lasting. We provide good homes, beautifully decorated; friendly green
                                                                                        Design Concept                                                                    spaces for quality of life; comprehensive local amenities; and thoughtful resident services. We
                                                                                                                                                                          have brought modern living to over 1,400 towns around China, and more than 4.5 million
                                                                                        Taking the 30th anniversary as                                                    people have chosen to make their home in a Country Garden property. We are proud to have
                                                                                        the main theme, the design                                                        made an important contribution to the urbanization and modernization of our country.
                                                                                        utilizes mix of lines to indicate
                                                                                                                                                                          We are active supporters of modern agriculture and rural revitalization
                                                                                        time scale and showcases the
                                                                                        Group’s past and future                                                           We established Country Garden Agriculture to apply self-driving technologies to advance
                                                                                        development with different                                                        Chinese agriculture. It will help raise productivity, and improve crop yields and quality. It is our
                                                                                        project photos. Chinese ink                                                       contribution to the problem of feeding the world.
                                                                                        painting of sceneries in four
                                                                                        seasons implies that Country                                                      We also set up Bi You Xuan, a company that helps farmers set up high-quality crop and
                                                                                        Garden, being steadfast at its                                                    livestock sites with direct commercial links to urban markets. It delivers a wide range of safe,
                                                                                        30th anniversary, would strive                                                    tasty, reasonably priced produce straight from the field to where urban shoppers live: services
                                                                                        forward through ups and                                                           bringing a better life for every Chinese family.
                                                                                        downs, survive winter times,
                                                                                        and embrace spring times.                                                         Make the world a better place for having us in it

                                                                                                                                                                          For us, targeted poverty alleviation programs and rural revitalization are key parts of our
                                                                                                                                                                          business. Country Garden and its founder have donated over 10 billion yuan to charitable
                                                                                                                                                                               causes. We are actively engaged in targeted poverty relief and rural revitalization projects
                                                                                                                                                                                     in 57 counties across 16 different provinces. These programs have helped lift
                                                                                                                                                                                         490,000 people out of poverty. Going forward, we will consolidate the progress
                                                                                                                                                                                             in poverty alleviation and make our contribution to rural rejuvenation.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Country Garden is a Fortune 500 company that has been publicly
                                                                                                                                                                                                        listed in Hong Kong since 2007 and is tracked as a component
                                                                                                                                                                                                             of the Hang Seng Index. We are also a major taxpayer with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                annual tax contribution of over 60 billion yuan. In Country
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Garden, ethics, corporate social responsibility, and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    transparency are vital. Going forward, we are
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       committed to being a force for human progress.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Country Garden — Five-star living for you.
CONTENTS   CORPORATE                   GOVERNANCE FINANCIAL
           OVERVIEW                    44 Biographical Details STATEMENTS
           4    Corporate Profile           of Directors and
                                                              112     Independent Auditor’s
                                            Senior Management
           6    Core Value                                            Report
                                       56   Corporate
           8    Corporate                                       120   Consolidated Statement of
                                            Governance Report
                Information                                           Financial Position
                                       80   Report of the
                                                                122   Consolidated Income
                                            Directors
                                                                      Statement
                                                                123   Consolidated Statement of
           PERFORMANCE                                                Comprehensive Income

           12                                                   124   Consolidated Statement of
                Chairman Statement
                                                                      Changes in Equity
           18   Business Overview
                                                                126   Consolidated Cash Flow
           33   Financial Summary
                                                                      Statement
           34   Financial Highlights
                                                                128   Notes to the Consolidated
           35   Management Discussion and Analysis                    Financial Statements
                                                                257   Glossary
CORPORATE
OVERVIEW
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW


    CORPORATE PROFILE




    Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 2007.HK) is one of the China’s largest residential
    property developers that capitalizes on urbanization. With centralized management and standardization, the Group
    runs the businesses of property development, construction, interior decoration, property investment, and the
    development and management of hotels. Country Garden offers a broad range of products to cater for diverse
    demands, namely residential projects such as townhouses, condominiums, car parks and retail shop spaces. The
    Group also develops and manages hotels at some of its property projects with the aim of enhancing the
    properties’ marketability. The Group’s other businesses are robotics and modern agriculture.

    Country Garden was listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 20 April 2007. The listing has allowed
    the Group to tap the international capital market for funds to sustain its healthy growth in the future. Since its
    listing, Country Garden has been recognized by the market for its business performance. The Group became a
    constituent stock of MSCI Global Standard Indices on 1 September 2007, of Hang Seng Composite Index and
    Hang Seng Mainland 100 on 10 September 2007, of FTSE China 50 Index on 14 September 2016, of Hang
    Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 25 Index on 12 June 2017, of Hang Seng China 50 Index on 5 March 2018, and
    of Hang Seng China Enterprises Index on 17 June 2019. Country Garden is also a constituent stock of Hang
    Seng Index. All this shows that the capital market regards Country Garden as a major component of the Hong
    Kong stock market. This has also strengthened the Group’s position in the international capital markets.




4
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Since its establishment, Country Garden has been benefitting from China’s thriving economy. Its business
presence has been extended from Guangdong province to other economically vibrant regions of the country.
Country Garden had projects of property development and operation in a number of locations of strategic
importance in all the provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions of the country by the end of 2021. The
Group ranked 139th in Fortune Global 500 as of August 2021.

Looking ahead, Country Garden will continue to enhance and consolidate its various community-based
businesses that centre around its real estate business. It will do so by means of financing and integrating
community resources. Specifically, it will build businesses that can meet all the needs in the entire human life
cycle. All this can unlock the value of all of the Group’s businesses and serve to reinforce its market leadership.




                                                                                                                      5
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW


    CORE VALUE




          1 2 3
            Value:                              Vision:                          Corporate
    A transparent company with a        Country Garden is a diversified           Mission:
        conscience and social         technology company that creates a
            responsibility                 happy life for the world          Make the world a better place
                                                                                  for having us in it




                            4 5
                     Corporate Spirit:                            Brand:
                       Good for people and good for           Five-star living for you
                                  society




6
         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




THE COUNTRY GARDEN
THAT I DREAM OF
   •   This is an elitist company             •   This is a company that prospers and
                                                  constantly betters itself with
   •   This is a good place for the talents       experiences and practices
   •   This is a place to learn and make      •   This is a company that creates a happy
       progress                                   life for the world
   •   This is a harmonious big family        •   This is a company that excels in social
                                                  well being, corporate benefits and staff
   •   This is a company of integrity and
                                                  benefits
       commitment, operating in compliance
       with laws and regulations              •   This is a company that is highly
                                                  recognized and appreciated by the
   •   This is a sensible company that
                                                  society
       constantly corrects itself
                                              •   This is a company dedicates to the
   •   This is a company of equality which
                                                  development of human society
       rewards Excellence
                                                                     YEUNG Kwok Keung




                                                                                             7
    CORPORATE OVERVIEW


    CORPORATE INFORMATION




    DIRECTORS                                        NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors                              Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)                  Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph
    Ms. YANG Huiyan (Co-Chairman)                    Mr. TONG Wui Tung
    Mr. MO Bin (President)                           Mr. HUANG Hongyan
    Ms. YANG Ziying
    Mr. YANG Zhicheng                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    Mr. SONG Jun                                     Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. SU Baiyuan                                   Ms. YANG Huiyan
                                                     Mr. MO Bin
    Non-executive Director
    Mr. CHEN Chong                                   ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
                                                     COMMITTEE
    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                     Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)
    Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph                             Ms. YANG Huiyan
    Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                        Mr. MO Bin
    Mr. TONG Wui Tung                                Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph
    Mr. HUANG Hongyan                                Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham
    Mr. TO Yau Kwok                                  Mr. TONG Wui Tung

    CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                          EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
    Ms. WU Bijun                                     Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)
                                                     Ms. YANG Huiyan
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                        Mr. MO Bin
                                                     Ms. YANG Ziying
    Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun
                                                     Mr. YANG Zhicheng
    Mr. LUO Jie

    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                       FINANCE COMMITTEE*
                                                     Ms. WU Bijun (Chairman)
    Ms. YANG Huiyan
                                                     Ms. YANG Huiyan
    Mr. MO Bin
                                                     Mr. MO Bin
    Ms. MA Shichao (alternate to Ms. YANG Huiyan)
                                                     Ms. YANG Ziying
      (appointed on 18 March 2022)
                                                     Mr. YANG Zhicheng
    Mr. LUO Jie (alternate to Mr. MO Bin)
    Mr. LI Chengran (alternate to Ms. YANG Huiyan)
      (resigned on 18 March 2022)                    *    Other two members are senior management of the finance centre
                                                          of the Company

    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                     REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph (Chairman)
    Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                        Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    Mr. TONG Wui Tung                                P.O. Box 2681
    Mr. HUANG Hongyan                                Grand Cayman
                                                     KY1-1111
                                                     Cayman Islands
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. TONG Wui Tung (Chairman)                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung
    Mr. MO Bin                                       Country Garden Centre
    Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph                             No. 1 Country Garden Road
    Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                        Beijiao Town, Shunde District, Foshan
    Mr. HUANG Hongyan                                Guangdong Province 528312
                                                     The PRC
8
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG          AUDITOR
Suite 1702, 17/F.                                 PricewaterhouseCoopers
Dina House, Ruttonjee Centre                      Certified Public Accountants
11 Duddell Street                                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Central, Hong Kong
                                                  LEGAL ADVISORS
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER
                                                  As to Hong Kong law:
OFFICE
                                                  Woo Kwan Lee & Lo
Suntera (Cayman) Limited                          Sidley Austin
Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3                      Iu, Lai & Li
Building D, P.O. Box 1586                         Baker & McKenzie
Gardenia Court, Camana Bay
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100                            As to PRC law:
Cayman Islands
                                                  Allbright Law Offices
                                                  DeHeng Law Offices
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                  Dentons Law Firm
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                  Grandall Law Firm
Tricor Investor Services Limited                  Guangdong GuoDing Law Firm
Level 54, Hopewell Centre                         King & Wood Mallesons
183 Queen’s Road East                             TianTong Law Firm
Hong Kong                                         Yingke Law Firm

PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                 STOCK CODES
(In Alphabetical Order)                           Stock Exchange                                   2007
Agricultural Bank of China Limited                Reuters                                       2007.HK
Bank of Beijing Co., Ltd.                         Bloomberg                               2007 HK Equity
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Bank of China Limited                             WEBSITE
China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited              http://www.countrygarden.com.cn
China Construction Bank Corporation
China Development Bank Corporation
                                                  FINANCIAL CALENDAR 2022
China Everbright Bank Company Limited
China Guangfa Bank Co., Ltd.                      Announcement of 2021 annual results           30 March
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.                    2022 AGM                                        26 May
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.                Ex-dividend date for proposed final dividend    7 June
China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.                     Record Date for Eligible Shareholders
Chong Hing Bank Limited                             to be entitled to proposed final dividend    10 June
CIMB Bank Berhad                                  Despatch of dividend warrants                12 August
CMB Wing Lung Bank Limited                        Announcement of 2022 interim results             August
Hang Seng Bank Limited
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
Malayan Banking Berhad
Ping An Bank Company Limited
Postal Savings Bank of China
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
The Bank of East Asia, Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
   Corporation Limited


                                                                                                            9
PERFORMANCE
     PERFORMANCE


     CHAIRMAN STATEMENT




  Country Garden celebrates its 30th anniversary this
  year. It has been upholding its corporate spirit of “good
  for people and good for society” since its
  establishment. It builds high-quality yet affordable
  housing as a practioner in China’s new urbanization
  process. In the course of the company’s development,
  I am grateful for the opportunities afforded by an epoch
  of great social change and the entire staff for their
  diligence. We started off in Shunde, Guangdong, and
  are now journeying into global markets. During the
  journey, we have encountered challenges but have
  overcome and kept scaling new heights. We dedicate
  ourselves to building quality housing and good
  communities, and take the business to the next level by
  branching out into smart construction and
  modernization of agriculture, and by participating in the
  meaningful work of rural revitalization and poverty
  alleviation. Country Garden is a diversified technology
  company that creates a happy life for the world.




12
COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                                               13
     PERFORMANCE


     CHAIRMAN STATEMENT




         Country Garden — Hemingzhou, Qingyuan

  In the past year, the property development sector            For the year ended 31 December 2021 (“Year”), the
  underwent turbulences and upheavals, the property            Group and its joint ventures and associates together
  market cooled down and the financial institutions’ risk      recorded approximately RMB558.00 billion in contracted
  preference started to shrink. This has posed big             sales attributable to the shareholders of the Company.
  challenges to all the industry participants. However, I      In particular, 68% of the sales revenue were derived
  remain confident about the steady growth and                 from tie 3 and 4 cities. The overall sell-through rate for
  long-term prospect of our country’s economy, and             the whole year reached 67%. Cash collected from
  believe the property sector is gradually getting back into   property sales attributable to the shareholders of the
  a healthy cycle. The challenges that we are facing           Company was RMB502.20 billion with a cash collection
  involve new opportunities. China’s new type of               ratio higher than 90% for 6 consecutive years. During
  urbanization still has a long way to go, the desire for a    the Year, the Group recorded revenue of approximately
  good life will always remain in people’s hearts. The         RMB523.06 billion, net profit of approximately
  reasonable house purchasing demands of “new                  RMB40.98 billion and approximately RMB26.93 billion in
  citizens” should be fulfilled. As a well-established         core net profit attributable to the owners of the
  company with a history of 30 years, we prosper and           Company.
  constantly better ourselves with experiences and
  practices, keep enhancing the Company’s overall              As at the end of 2021, the Group had entered
  competitiveness throughout property projects’ life cycle     contracts to acquire or had already acquired a total of
  and stick to high-quality development. Only then can         3,216 property projects in mainland China. It had
  we expect to succeed in surmounting the ups and              footholds in 299 municipal administrative regions* and
  downs of the economic and industry cycles. We firmly         1,425 counties/townships in 31 provinces/autonomous
  believe that only the most competitive enterprises can       regions/municipalities with saleable resources totaling
  succeed in the market.
                                                               *     Municipal administrative region includes prefecture-level cities,
                                                                     prefectures, autonomous prefectures, leagues, provincial-
                                                                     controlled divisions.


14
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




approximately RMB1,484.6 billion. When it comes to                        Technology is driving social progress as an inexorable
making decision about investment, the Company insists                     force. This is the great era for us to start hi-tech
on its investment standards, and actively furthering the                  businesses. Three years ago, the Company decided to
development of the property markets of the urban                          transform itself into a hi-tech enterprise by engaging in
areas in cities of various tiers so that it has a balanced                robotics and modern agriculture, aiming to transform
geographical market coverage nationwide. It also firmly                   the modes of production, business operation and
applies its criteria for assessing what property projects                 lifestyle service with technology. The policy level has
are worth investing in and opportunely acquires lands.                    recently issued the “14th Five-year Plan for the
During the Year, the Company acquired 333 property                        Development of Construction Industry” and the “14th
projects at a total attributable cost of RMB141.62                        Five-year Plan for the Development of Robotics
billion, in which 85% of the lands were acquired in the
                                                                          Industry” to foster the progress of intelligentization,
five biggest metropolitan areas in mainland China and
                                                                          industrialization and digitalization in construction
29% of the lands were acquired through diverse
                                                                          industry. This has strengthened our faith and boosted
channels. The premium land bank provides strong
                                                                          our determination to well develop the smart
support to Company’s future financial results.
                                                                          construction business. At the Beijing 2022 Winter
                                                                          Olympics, our catering robots operated round the clock
The Company continued with its prudent approach to
financial management, enhancing the stability of its                      to provide good catering service and contributed to
financial position and thus manifesting its resilience in                 pandemic prevention by reducing the face-to-face
surmounting the fluctuations in economic and industry                     contact. They have been praised, both at home and
cycles. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had                             abroad, for helping to popularize the intelligentization of
available cash* of RMB181.30; total interest-bearing                      catering service at the Winter Olympics and making the
debts decreased to RMB317.92 billion with net gearing                     service more efficient and safer. We believe that
ratio of 45.4%, which was down by 10.2 percentage                         harnessing the power of technology can add impetus to
points compared with that at the end of the previous                      the Company’s future growth. The technology
year; its weighed average borrowing cost decreased by                     businesses that we have been running in recent years
36 basis points to 5.20% compared with that at the                        will soon turn into the company’s second growth curve,
end of the previous year. We firmly believe that a                        creating value for society and our customers.
sound and healthy financial position gives the best
support to the Company to surmount the ups and                            Presently, Guangdong Bright Dream Robotics Co., Ltd.
downs in economic and industry cycles. During the                         (“Bright Dream Robotics”) has achieved many
Year, the controlling shareholder increased its holding in                preliminary results. It has established an intellectual
the Company on 29 trading days by a total of                              construction system which construction robots serve as
approximately 328 million shares at the average prices                    the core and is supported by building information
that range from HK$7.23 to HK$9.99 per share. The                         modeling (BIM) and digitalization. Such intellectual
increased holding accounted for approximately 1.42%                       construction system allows the incorporation of
of the total issued share capital of the Company. This                    advanced construction technologies, the combined use
demonstrated the controlling shareholder’s confidence                     of new types of plastic formwork and new types of
about the Company’s prospect and its recognition of its                   prefabricated construction. The new ways of organizing
enterprise value.                                                         and managing construction works that compatible with




*     It represents the sum of cash and cash equivalents and restricted
      cash.


                                                                                                                                        15
     PERFORMANCE


     CHAIRMAN STATEMENT




  the intellectual construction system, have effectively     In the business of modern agriculture, we have also
  improve our performances on safety, quality, efficiency    made encouraging progress. The high horsepower
  and ‘green’ statistics. Bright Dream Robotics has          unmanned tractor and unmanned harvester developed
  developed 12 types of construction robot product lines     by the Company have debuted at the Model Base of
  working jointly and separately to perform a range of       Modern Urban Agriculture in the Guangdong-Hong
  tasks, including concrete construction, concrete           Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area in Sanshui, Foshan City.
  finishing, bricklaying, plastering and interior wall       This marked the Company’s first stride towards the
  decoration. The robots are capable to work in different    intelligentization of unmanned agricultural machines, the
  construction processes such as structural construction,    digitalization of agriculture and the development of
  outer wall construction, basement construction,            unmanned farms. Aiming to strengthen agriculture with
  concrete finishing and interior decoration. As at          technology, the Company has established three core
  31 December 2021, 18 types of construction robots          operations in its agriculture business segment, namely
  had been commercialized, and put up for sale or            modernized planting, intelligent agricultural machinery
  leased out. A cumulative total of over 730 units of such   platform and equipment manufacturing, and overseas
  construction robots have been delivered and applied to     agriculture on an industrial scale. In the future, we will
  more than 350 construction projects in 25 provinces/       apply “smart farm” as a new business model and a
  autonomous regions/municipalities and had completed        new type of operation to help the world solve the
  a cumulative total floor area of over 7 million sq.m.      problem of food security.
  under construction.
                                                             The 14th Five-year Plan marks the first five years of our
  On 30 December 2021, Bright Dream Robotics finished        country’s striving for its goals set for the second
  the acceptance testing of the multi-machine                century of the rule of the Communist Party of China.
  construction system of “BIM+FMS+WMS+ Construction          Having thrown in our lot with the whole country, we
  Robot” for the first time. Eight types of construction     forge ahead in the face of adversity and strive for
  robots and 11 types of ancillary equipment were put        breakthroughs. Since the establishment of Country
  into operation together at multi-machine construction      Garden, the Group, my family and I have donated a
  projects, thus starting off the experiment of end-to-end   cumulative total of over RMB10 billion to charity and
  smart construction system. This makes construction         carried out our work in poverty alleviation in 57
  works as scientific and orderly as an automated            counties in 16 provinces, helping 490,000 people to
  conveyor assembly lines, and manifests the cluster         overcome poverty. To consolidate our achievement in
  effect of multiple construction robots and pieces of       poverty alleviation, we have established a dynamic
  ancillary equipment by enabling coordination between       monitoring mechanism for preventing reversion to
  them with smart technology. This year, we will make an     poverty. We have established a multiple tiers diagnostic
  all-out effort to roll out an experiment with the          system to monitor the progress of previous
  application of the smart construction system. We will      poverty-stricken households and those which had not
  first apply the system to our property projects upon the   yet firmly stayed out of poverty, and carried out special
  successful internal testing. With the advantage of         poverty alleviation plans to help them. We aim to
  hi-tech, smart construction, the Company will actively     consolidate our success in eradicating poverty with
  involve itself in the States’ multi-tiered system of       continued participation in rural revitalization, a
  housing supply to contribute to the steady and healthy     meaningful mission where our responsibility and social
  development of the property market.                        conscience lie.




16
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality are             Having survived the winter, we will see the spring
far-reaching changes. With reverence for nature, we        coming. All of us at Country Garden should have our
enthusiastically respond to the national strategy for      feet on the ground and dedicate to the development of
attaining carbon emission peak and carbon neutrality.      human society. Let’s work together for a better
Therefore, we incorporate the concept of sustainable       tomorrow!
development into the life cycle of our products and the
daily operation of the Company. We have started            There is no royal road to success. Perseverance is the
setting carbon neutrality targets and planning the work    only way forward!
on the campaign. As a company that aims for green
development, Country Garden is doing its utmost to                                       YEUNG Kwok Keung
fulfil its social and environmental responsibilities.                 Country Garden Holdings Company Limited
‘Making the world a better place for having us in it’ is                                            Chairman
our corporate mission, we will continue to promote
high-quality and sustainable development for centuries.                            Foshan, Guangdong Province,
                                                                                     the PRC, 30th March 2022




        Country Garden — Coral Palace, Sanya


                                                                                                                    17
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW



  PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT                               Attributable contracted sales (RMB billion)
  Contracted Sales                                   2021                                                                            558.0
  In 2021, the Group together with its joint         2020                                                                            570.7
  ventures and associates achieved                   2019                                                                            552.2
  contracted sales attributable to the               2018                                                                            501.9
  shareholders of the Company of                     2017                                                                            382.4
  approximately RMB558.00 billion with               2016                                                                            234.8
  contracted sales GFA attributable to the           2015                                                                            124.5
  shareholders of the Company of
  approximately 66.41 million sq.m.
                                                                                                                29%CAGR
  In 2021, the attributable contracted sales         Geographical breakdown of contracted
  outside Guangdong Province was around              sales in 2021 (By Attributable Value)
  83% of that of the Group, reflecting the
  Group’s efforts in geographic diversification.
                                                                                                                              17% Guangdong
  In terms of tier cities, around 64% of the                                                                                  14% Jiangsu
  attributable contracted sales in Mainland                                                                                   8%      Henan
  China was contributed by projects located                                                                                   8%      Zhejiang
  in tier 3&4 cities targeting tier 3&4 cities,                                                                               8%      Shandong
  around 25% was contributed by projects                                                                                      5%      Anhui
  located in tier 2 cities targeting tier 2 cities
                                                                                                                              4%      Hunan
  and 11% was contributed by the others.
                                                                                                                              4%      Hubei
                                                                                                                              3%      Hebei
                                                                                                                              3%      Shaanxi
                                                                                                                              26% Other*



                                                     Note:   Other* include Guangxi, Hainan, Sichuan, Jiangxi, Liaoning, Fujian, Shanxi,
                                                             Gansu, Guizhou, Yunnan, Shanghai, Chongqing, Tianjin, Inner Mongolia,
                                                             Xinjiang, Jilin, Qinghai, Beijing, Ningxia, Thailand, Heilongjiang, Tibet, the United
                                                             States, Australia, Hong Kong, Malaysia, New Zealand, Indonesia, India and the
                                                             United Kingdom.

                                                     Contracted sales breakdown in Mainland China by
                                                     city type in 2021 (By Attributable Value)


                                                                                                                      3%     Located in tier 1 cities,
                                                                                                                             targeting tier 1 cities

                                                                                                                      4%     Located in tier 2 cities,
                                                                                                                             targeting tier 1 cities

                                                                                                                      2%     Located in tier 3 & 4 cities,
                                                                                                                             targeting tier 1 cities

                                                                                                                      25% Located in tier 2 cities,
                                                                                                                          targeting tier 2 cities

                                                                                                                      2%     Located in tier 3 & 4 cities,
                                                                                                                             targeting tier 2 cities
                                                                                                                      64% Located in tier 3 & 4 cities,
                                                                                                                          targeting tier 3 & 4 cities

18
                                                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Landbank breakdown by province in Mainland                                                                Landbank — Mainland China
China (By attributable GFA)                                                                               As of December 31 2021, the acquired attributable
                                                                                                          GFA in Mainland China together with its joint venture
                                                                                                          and associates was 253.13 million sq.m. 80% of the
                                                                  20%
                                                                                                          landbank was located outside of Guangdong province.
                                 9%
                                 9%
                            7%
                            7%
                    5%                                                                                                                              28%
                4%
                4%
                4%
            3%

                                                                                         28%

0%              5%               10%           15%         20%                 25%         30%

      Guang             Jiangsu             Henan         Hunan                Shan           Hubei
      dong                                                                     dong
      Anhui             Guangxi             Hebei         Zhejiang             Other2


Other* include Sichuan, Guizhou, Shaanxi, Liaoning, Jiangxi, Gansu,
Shanxi, Hainan, Inner Mongolia, Yunnan, Fujian, Xinjiang, Chongqing,
Tianjin, Qinghai, Beijing, Jilin, Shanghai, Heilongjiang, Ningxia and Tibet.


Attributable landbank GFA breakdown by
development stage in Mainland China
(million sq.m.)



  5.2

  4.3

                            88.0

         25.9

               43.6

                            86.1

                                                                     253.1


     Completed and                 Completed but          Under construction         Under construction
     pre-sold pending              unsold                 with sales                 with sales
     delivery                                             permit-sold                permit-unsold

     Under construction            Project acquired       Total
     without sales permit          without
                                   construction permit



                                                                                                                                                                  19
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                                                                                 12

                                                                              Xinjiang




                          Jiangxi
                 Hunan          Fujian                                            3
       Guizhou
                                                                                Tibet
                    Guangdong              Taiwan
          Guangxi
                           Hong Kong
                         Macau

         Hainan




                                                    Project Location
                                                    As of December 31 2021, the
                                    South China     Group operated 3,247 projects
                                     Sea Island     under different development stages,
                                                    3,216 of these projects were
                                                    located in Mainland China and 31
                                                    were outside Mainland China.


20
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




        As of December 31 2021, the Group’s


        3,216          projects
                                                                                                                 7

                                                                                                        Heilongjiang
        in   Mainland

                                                                                                            14
                                                                         17
                       were located as follows:
                                                                                                        Jilin
                                                                 Inner Mongolia
                                                                                                   56

                                                                         10                      Liaoning
 27
                                                                       Beijing 35
Gansu                                                                          Tianjin
                                                                       125
                                  13                        34     Hebei
                                                                               181
         11                   Ningxia                    Shanxi
                                                                             Shandong
      Qinghai                                                                              396
                                                                 224
                                             49                                          Jiangsu
                                                             Henan                           30
                                        Shaanxi                                    215
                                                                                         Shanghai
                                                            152
                                                                                   Anhui
                   103                       48
                                                          Hubei                                  214
                 Sichuan               Chongqing
                                                                                            Zhejiang
                                                          179                 96

                                                         Hunan            Jiangxi        102
                                        65

                                  Guizhou                                             Fujian
                  47
                                                  114                  596
                Yunnan
                                              Guangxi            Guangdong




                                                    41

                                                   Hainan
                                                                                                                       21
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




  Project Location Top 100 Projects of Equity Contract Sales in Mainland China in 2021(1)
                                                                                                             Completed property developments(2)
                                                                                    Aggregate                                       Total saleable
                                                                                       saleable           Total   Total saleable     GFA pre-sold
     Serial                                                                            GFA for       completed    GFA sold and            pending
     number   Project                               City (District)              entire project   saleable GFA         delivered          delivery
                                                                                         sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.
     1        Country garden — Songhu Pearl         Dongguan (Hengli)                  243,825
              (碧桂園 • 松湖明珠)
     2        Country Garden Phoenix City           Zhenjiang (Jurong)               7,059,790        4,306,143        4,296,263              436
              (碧桂園 • 鳳凰城)
     3        Lanzhou Country Garden                Lanzhou (Chengguan)              6,063,718        2,939,967        2,920,168             1,508
              (蘭州碧桂園)
     4        Asian Games City                      Guangzhou (Panyu)                3,975,671        2,739,002        2,686,338            50,437
              (亞運城)
     5        Country garden — Yun Jing             Lishui (Liandu)                    170,815
              (碧桂園 • 雲境)
     6        Country garden — Bailiwan             Dongguan (Shatin)                  321,782         229,373           229,373
              (碧桂園 • 柏麗灣)
     7        Country garden — Yunyue Bizhen        Foshan (Nanhai)                    252,249
              (碧桂園 • 雲樾碧臻)
     8        Country garden — Mountain Lake City   Qingyuan (Qingcheng)             2,162,864        1,876,578        1,875,227             1,351
              (碧桂園山湖城)
     9        Country garden — Wangjiang Yipin      Taizhou (Jingjiang)                113,279
              (碧桂園 • 望江一品)
     10       Country garden — Didang Lake          Shaoxing (Yuecheng)                251,025
              (碧桂園 • 迪蕩湖)
     11       Country garden — Jiuduhui             Taizhou (Wenling)                   95,284
              (碧桂園 • 玖都薈)
     12       Country garden — Tianyue Mansion      Lianyungang (Ganyu)                238,634
              (碧桂園 • 天樾府)
     13       Country Garden — Chaoming             Jinhua (Yiwu)                       94,728
              (碧桂園 • 潮鳴)
     14       Country garden — Jiyang Mansion       Wuxi (Jiangyin)                    801,095         380,237           377,275              213
              (碧桂園 • 暨陽府)
     15       Country garden — Tongquetai           Dongguan (Mayong)                  224,649         123,937            70,963
              (碧桂園 • 銅雀臺)
     16       Country Garden Phoenix City           Zhongshan (South District)       1,087,661         532,748           532,595
              (碧桂園 • 鳳凰城)
     17       Shaoguan Country Garden               Shaoguan (Zhenjiang)             4,301,671        3,379,140        3,370,700             7,112
              (韶關碧桂園)
     18       Shaoguan Country Garden — Sun City    Shaoguan (Wujiang)               4,026,394        2,346,258        2,346,046
              (韶關碧桂園 • 太陽城)
     19       Country garden — 28 light years       Foshan (Shunde)                     97,871
              (碧桂園 • 28光年)
     20       Anqing Country Garden                 Anqing (Yingjiang)               2,888,360        2,239,333        2,239,333
              (安慶碧桂園)




22
                                     COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                 Properties under development(3)                                  Properties for future development(4)
                                               Actual/Estimated                                               Estimated
             Total saleable                            pre-sale                                                pre-sale
Completion      GFA under     Total saleable    commencement             Estimated      GFA for future    commencement              Estimated
     date     development      GFA pre-sold                date     completion date      development               date        completion date
                     sq.m.            sq.m.                                                     sq.m.
                   243,825          161,309             30-Oct-20   2nd Quarter, 2024


 24-Nov-21         917,459          331,988              5-Jun-20   4th Quarter, 2025        1,836,188   2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2027


 24-Dec-21       1,107,282          799,772             16-Oct-19   4th Quarter, 2025        2,016,469    3rd Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2027


 20-Aug-21         922,044          474,575              3-Jul-20   4th Quarter, 2025         314,625     4th Quarter, 2022   2nd Quarter, 2027


                   170,815          159,619            10-Mar-21    3rd Quarter, 2024


 30-Jun-14          92,409           90,581            24-Dec-20    4th Quarter, 2022


                   252,249          102,848             27-Oct-20   1st Quarter, 2024


 30-Sep-21         286,286          272,953            17-Aug-20    3rd Quarter, 2024


                   113,279          113,079            30-Nov-20    4th Quarter, 2022


                   251,025          167,774            20-Dec-19    3rd Quarter, 2023


                    95,284           94,250            16-Nov-20    1st Quarter, 2023


                   238,634          233,950            29-Nov-20    2nd Quarter, 2023


                    94,728           81,934              9-Mar-21   3rd Quarter, 2023


 29-Sep-20         420,858          341,576            14-May-20    4th Quarter, 2024


 31-Mar-21         100,712           98,056            30-Sep-20    2nd Quarter, 2023


 17-Dec-20         377,800           98,799              5-Feb-21   4th Quarter, 2024         177,113     4th Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2025


 29-Nov-21         427,952          246,266             28-Apr-20   2nd Quarter, 2024         494,579     4th Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2026


 14-May-21         532,327          259,071            21-Aug-20    4th Quarter, 2024        1,147,809    4th Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2027


                    97,871           76,679            11-Nov-20    4th Quarter, 2022


 13-Jun-19         573,183          441,009             30-Oct-19   4th Quarter, 2024           75,844    4th Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2025




                                                                                                                                                   23
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                                                                                                              Completed property developments(2)
                                                                                     Aggregate                                       Total saleable
                                                                                        saleable           Total   Total saleable     GFA pre-sold
     Serial                                                                             GFA for       completed    GFA sold and            pending
     number   Project                                City (District)              entire project   saleable GFA         delivered          delivery
                                                                                          sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.
     21       Country garden — Jinlin Mansion        Handan (Congtai)                   145,151
              (碧桂園 • 錦麟府)
     22       Country garden Shenhui City            Huizhou (Huiyang)                  475,020         293,189           293,189
              (碧桂園深薈城)
     23       Anning Country Garden                  Lanzhou (Anning)                   392,296
              (安寧碧桂園)
     24       Country garden — Feili Lanting         Linyi (Lanshan)                    203,153
              (碧桂園 • 翡麗瀾庭)
     25       Country garden lion ocean              Dongguan (Shatin)                   97,746          38,309            38,309
              (碧桂園獅子洋)
     26       Taishan Country Garden                 Jiangmen (Taishan)               2,446,201        1,782,004        1,782,004
              (臺山碧桂園)
     27       Country garden — Golden Age            Wuhu (Wanhe)                       194,127
              (碧桂園 • 黃金時代)
     28       Country garden — Genting               Taiyuan (Yingze)                   453,133
              (碧桂園 • 雲頂)
     29       Country Garden Phoenix City            Baoji (Weibin)                   1,099,750         278,644           277,051
              (碧桂園鳳凰城)
     30       Country Garden Century City            Maoming (Xinyi)                    448,086
              (碧桂園 • 世紀城)
     31       Country garden — Changqiao Jiangshan   Chongqing (Beibei)                 270,750          74,156            72,760
              (碧桂園 • 長橋江山)
     32       Country garden — Yuefu                 Dongguan (Xie Gang)                 88,278
              (碧桂園 • 樾府)
     33       Country garden — Phoenix Bay           Yangjiang (Yangdong)             1,149,191          93,832            93,832
              (碧桂園 • 鳳凰灣)
     34       Country garden — Xinghui               Liaocheng (Dongchangfu)            286,060
              (碧桂園 • 星匯)
     35       Xiangcheng Country Garden              Zhoukou (Xiangcheng)               392,481
              (項城碧桂園)
     36       Country garden — Duhui Chengpin        Nanjing (Pukou)                    203,682
              (碧桂園 • 都會誠品)
     37       Country garden — Yunxitai              Cangzhou (Xianxian county)         137,717
              (碧桂園 • 雲熙臺)
     38       Country garden — Lingjiang Mansion     Yangzhou (Guangling)               179,145         101,224           100,776
              (碧桂園 • 陵江府)
     39       Country garden — Ten Miles Beach       Huizhou (Huidong)                  958,967         603,300           573,650              228
              Victoria Harbour
              (碧桂園 • 十里銀灘維港灣)
     40       Country garden — Times City            Xinxiang (Hongqi)                  218,612
              (碧桂園 • 時代城)




24
                                      COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                  Properties under development(3)                                  Properties for future development(4)
                                                Actual/Estimated                                               Estimated
              Total saleable                            pre-sale                                                pre-sale
Completion       GFA under     Total saleable    commencement             Estimated      GFA for future    commencement              Estimated
     date      development      GFA pre-sold                date     completion date      development               date        completion date
                      sq.m.            sq.m.                                                     sq.m.
                    145,151          137,586            25-Aug-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


 19-Nov-18          181,831          166,862             30-Jul-20   2nd Quarter, 2023


                    392,296          297,049            22-Nov-19    3rd Quarter, 2023


                    203,153          151,851            14-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


   1-Jul-19          59,437           47,084              9-Apr-21   1st Quarter, 2023


 28-Jun-20          266,853          163,104             8-May-20    4th Quarter, 2023         397,344     1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2025


                    194,127          182,410            30-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


                    157,870          107,900            26-Nov-20    4th Quarter, 2024         295,263     1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2026


 31-Aug-21          324,893          220,433             21-Apr-20   3rd Quarter, 2024         496,213    2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2027


                    448,086          160,335            11-Dec-20    2nd Quarter, 2024


  1-Dec-21          110,264           81,090            24-Sep-20    4th Quarter, 2023           86,330    1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2024


                     88,278           63,988              7-Feb-21   2nd Quarter, 2023


 28-Apr-20          352,688          246,189            20-Dec-19    4th Quarter, 2024         702,671    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2027


                    189,081          105,740             18-Jun-21   3rd Quarter, 2024           96,979   2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2024


                    252,703          205,061            14-May-21    3rd Quarter, 2024         139,778     1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2024


                    171,115          111,540             2-Dec-20    3rd Quarter, 2023           32,567   2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2024


                    137,717          121,511            17-Nov-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


 10-Dec-21           77,921           55,858            11-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


  2-Sep-21          248,673           61,102             30-Apr-20   4th Quarter, 2024         106,994     3rd Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2025



                    218,612          179,024             17-Apr-20   3rd Quarter, 2023




                                                                                                                                                    25
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                                                                                                     Completed property developments(2)
                                                                            Aggregate                                       Total saleable
                                                                               saleable           Total   Total saleable     GFA pre-sold
     Serial                                                                    GFA for       completed    GFA sold and            pending
     number   Project                              City (District)       entire project   saleable GFA         delivered          delivery
                                                                                 sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.
     41       Country garden — Park Era            Suzhou (Wuzhong)            104,944
              (碧桂園 • 公園時代)
     42       Country garden — Hill of joviality   Dongguan (Chang’an)          54,256
              (碧桂園 • 雲悅半山)
     43       Country garden — Tianjiao Mansion    Suqian (Shuyang)            149,372
              (碧桂園 • 天驕公館)
     44       Country garden — Binjiang No.1       Wenzhou (Lucheng)            89,484
              (碧桂園 • 濱江壹號)
     45       Country garden — Shiguangli          Urumqi (Shayibak)           137,540
              (碧桂園 • 拾光里)
     46       Country garden — Binjiang Mansion    Huizhou (Boluo)             446,689         143,923           143,781
              (碧桂園 • 濱江府)
     47       Country garden, Yanshan Road         Suzhou (Taicang)            137,034
              (弇山路碧桂園)
     48       Country garden — Yunxi               Jining (Zoucheng)           173,810
              (碧桂園 • 雲璽)
     49       Lushan Country Garden                Jiujiang (Lushan)           165,100
              (廬山碧桂園)
     50       Shishi Country Garden                Quanzhou (Shishi)           237,836         121,893           121,460
              (石獅碧桂園)
     51       Country garden — Yunjing             Yingde (Qingyuan)           562,414         221,459           221,459
              (碧桂園 • 雲璟)
     52       Country garden — Fengqitai           Datong (Pingcheng)          425,878
              (碧桂園 • 鳳棲台)
     53       Country garden — Fengxiang Garden    Huizhou (Zhongkai)          117,284
              (碧桂園 • 鳳翔花園)
     54       Country garden — Seal Bay            Ningbo (Xiangshan)          194,219         113,259           113,259
              (碧桂園 • 天璽灣)
     55       Country garden — Fenglin Mansion     Yancheng (Yandu)            248,706
              (碧桂園 • 鳳麟府)
     56       Country garden — Jiuxi               Shanghai (Minhang)           78,512
              (碧桂園 • 玖璽)
     57       Country garden — Jiang lanyue        Shaoguan (Wengyuan)         295,860
              (碧桂園 • 江蘭樾)
     58       Country garden — City Light          Lishui (Liandu)             121,128
              (碧桂園 • 都會之光)
     59       Country garden — Duhui Xingchen      Bozhou (Mengcheng)          254,888
              (碧桂園 • 都薈星辰)
     60       Country garden — Xinghui Shidai      Dalian (Jinzhou)            319,445
              (碧桂園 • 星薈時代)
     61       Changshu Guli Country Garden         Suzhou (Changshu)           210,407         210,407           209,042
              (常熟古里碧桂園)



26
                                      COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                  Properties under development(3)                                  Properties for future development(4)
                                                Actual/Estimated                                               Estimated
              Total saleable                            pre-sale                                                pre-sale
Completion       GFA under     Total saleable    commencement             Estimated      GFA for future    commencement              Estimated
     date      development      GFA pre-sold                date     completion date      development               date        completion date
                      sq.m.            sq.m.                                                     sq.m.
                    104,944           64,604            28-May-21    2nd Quarter, 2024


                     54,256           21,783            13-Aug-21    1st Quarter, 2023


                    149,372          147,427            26-Nov-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


                     89,484           87,804            19-May-20    4th Quarter, 2022


                    137,540          113,174             22-Oct-20   3rd Quarter, 2023


   9-Jul-21         302,766          129,732             6-Nov-20    4th Quarter, 2024


                    137,034           52,550             29-Jan-21   2nd Quarter, 2024


                    173,810          135,629            24-Nov-20    2nd Quarter, 2024


                    165,100          123,251            27-Nov-20    1st Quarter, 2024


 19-Oct-21          115,943           81,827            23-Aug-18    4th Quarter, 2023


 14-Jan-21          175,156          161,472            10-Aug-20    4th Quarter, 2023         165,799    2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2025


                    352,703          147,381            30-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2024           73,175    4th Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2024


                    117,284          108,276            20-May-20    3rd Quarter, 2022


 15-Dec-21           80,960           57,972             20-Oct-20   3rd Quarter, 2023


                    246,062          165,858            27-Nov-20    3rd Quarter, 2023            2,644    1st Quarter, 2022    1st Quarter, 2024


                     78,512           76,479             20-Jun-20   2nd Quarter, 2022


                    295,860          163,062            27-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2024


                    121,128           71,596            25-Dec-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


                    234,635          153,677             1-Sep-20    2nd Quarter, 2024           20,253   2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2024


                    138,143           70,094             15-Jun-21   3rd Quarter, 2024         181,302    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2025


 24-May-21




                                                                                                                                                    27
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                                                                                                             Completed property developments(2)
                                                                                    Aggregate                                       Total saleable
                                                                                       saleable           Total   Total saleable     GFA pre-sold
     Serial                                                                            GFA for       completed    GFA sold and            pending
     number   Project                                 City (District)            entire project   saleable GFA         delivered          delivery
                                                                                         sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.
     62       Country garden — Yonghua Mansion        Handan (Fuxing)                  234,449
              (碧桂園 • 雍華府)
     63       Wenxian Country Garden                  Jiaozuo (Wenxian county)         484,842
              (溫縣碧桂園)
     64       Country garden — Jiangshan Fu           Yibin (Cuiping)                  264,777
              (碧桂園 • 江山賦)
     65       Country garden — lion mountain source   Huzhou (Deqing)                   48,771
              (碧桂園 • 獅山源著)
     66       Songhu Country Garden                   Dongguan (Dalingshan)            495,980         348,423           348,423
              (松湖碧桂園)
     67       Country garden — Star Bay               Chizhou (Qingyang)               124,518
              (碧桂園 • 星辰灣)
     68       Country garden — spring city image      Kunming (Wuhua)                  497,363         113,924           112,819                  48
              (碧桂園 • 春城映象)
     69       Country garden Yonghua Mansion          Tangshan (Zunhua)                282,369
              (碧桂園雍華府)
     70       Country garden — Central capital        Meishan (Hongya)                 363,364         129,593           129,460
              (碧桂園 • 城央首府)
     71       Country garden — Jade capital           Dezhou (Wucheng)                 264,362          89,781            38,767            51,014
              (碧桂園 • 翡翠首府)
     72       Country garden — Longyue Bay            Dazhou (Tongchuan)               252,294         101,310                             100,310
              (碧桂園 • 瓏樾灣)
     73       Country garden — The Mansion of star    Hohhot (new urban area)          183,097
              (碧桂園 • 星作)
     74       Country garden Daming Mansion           Nantong (Qidong)                 647,622         583,046           547,529
              (碧桂園大名府)
     75       Country garden — Sanya Hui              Sanya (Jiyang)                    76,427          16,357            16,357
              (碧桂園 • 三亞薈)
     76       Country garden Jincheng                 Xi’an (Weiyang)                   57,167
              (碧桂園 • 錦程)
     77       Country garden Xinhai cloud Valley      Lianyungang (Haizhou)            600,761         162,324           161,905
              (碧桂園新海雲谷)
     78       Country garden — Xingxi platform        Guangzhou (Zengcheng)             97,862
              (碧桂園 • 星禧台)
     79       Taicang Wanda South Country Garden      Suzhou (Taicang)                  90,049          52,200            51,871
              (太倉萬達南碧桂園)
     80       Country garden — Ruiyuan Langyue Bay    Qingdao (Huangdao)                83,254
              (碧桂園 • 瑞源朗悅灣)
     81       Country garden — Riverside Era          Meizhou (Fengshun)               665,085
              (碧桂園 • 濱江時代)
     82       Country garden — Tianyue Bay            Zhumadian (Yicheng)              200,948
              (碧桂園 • 天悅灣)



28
                                     COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                 Properties under development(3)                                  Properties for future development(4)
                                               Actual/Estimated                                               Estimated
             Total saleable                            pre-sale                                                pre-sale
Completion      GFA under     Total saleable    commencement             Estimated      GFA for future    commencement              Estimated
     date     development      GFA pre-sold                date     completion date      development               date        completion date
                     sq.m.            sq.m.                                                     sq.m.
                   234,449           81,111             30-Oct-20   3rd Quarter, 2024


                   233,696          136,868             28-Apr-21   3rd Quarter, 2024         251,146    2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2026


                   206,411          156,643            27-May-20    2nd Quarter, 2024           58,366   2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2024


                    48,771           48,576            25-May-20    2nd Quarter, 2023


 18-Jan-19         147,557          139,918             31-Jul-20   4th Quarter, 2022


                   124,518          103,014              6-Apr-21   2nd Quarter, 2024


 30-Dec-21         383,439          189,541              3-Jan-20   4th Quarter, 2024


                   282,369          254,647             14-Oct-19   3rd Quarter, 2023


 31-Dec-21         233,771          172,828            26-Dec-19    2nd Quarter, 2024


 31-Dec-21         174,581          141,299            12-Nov-18    2nd Quarter, 2024


 31-Dec-21         150,984          149,331             30-Jul-20   2nd Quarter, 2023


                   141,317           66,969            24-Nov-20    1st Quarter, 2025           41,780   2nd Quarter, 2022    2nd Quarter, 2025


 29-Apr-21          64,576           49,018             2-Dec-20    3rd Quarter, 2023


 28-Jun-19          60,070           42,176             29-Jun-20   4th Quarter, 2023


                    57,167           43,289             11-Jun-21   2nd Quarter, 2023


 24-Dec-21         246,349          155,019             14-Apr-20   2nd Quarter, 2024         192,088    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2025


                    97,862           52,089             16-Apr-21   1st Quarter, 2024


 25-Nov-21          37,849           37,346            24-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2022


                    83,254           64,209             4-Dec-20    2nd Quarter, 2024


                   285,330          180,230             10-Jun-20   4th Quarter, 2023         379,755    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2025


                   199,516          169,635            13-Dec-19    2nd Quarter, 2024            1,432    1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2024




                                                                                                                                                   29
      PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




                                                                                                                    Completed property developments(2)
                                                                                           Aggregate                                       Total saleable
                                                                                              saleable           Total   Total saleable     GFA pre-sold
       Serial                                                                                 GFA for       completed    GFA sold and            pending
       number      Project                                   City (District)            entire project   saleable GFA         delivered          delivery
                                                                                                sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.
       83          Country garden — Huyue Tianjing           Dezhou (Leling)                  121,278
                   (碧桂園 • 湖樾天境)
       84          Yihe Country Garden — Tianyu University   Cangzhou (Qingxian)               81,355
                   (頤和碧桂園 • 天譽學府)
       85          Country Garden Phoenix City               Meizhou (Wuhua)                 1,141,952        631,025           623,088             1,024
                   (碧桂園 • 鳳凰城)
       86          Country garden future city Yanhuli        Qingyuan (Qingcheng)             200,950
                   (碧桂園未來城燕湖里)
       87          Country garden — Longyuelanting           Xining (in the city)             290,600
                   (碧桂園 • 瓏悅蘭庭)
       88          Country garden — Moon platform            Ma’anshan (Dangtu)                84,027
                   (碧桂園 • 映月臺)
       89          Country garden — Genting                  Yuncheng (Salt Lake)             211,969
                   (碧桂園 • 雲頂)
       90          Country garden — Xingyueli                Jiaxing (Pinghu)                  74,562
                   (碧桂園 • 星悅里)
       91          Country garden — Peach and plum           Qingdao (Pingdu)                 142,088
                   Oriental
                   (碧桂園 • 桃李東方)
       92          Quzhou Peninsula Country Garden           Quzhou (Kecheng)                  96,606
                   (衢州半島碧桂園)
       93          Country garden — Baiyue                   Xining (in the city)             174,566
                   (碧桂園 • 鉑悅)
       94          Country garden — Nine seals               Chuzhou (Mingguang)              146,750
                   (碧桂園 • 九璽)
       95          Country garden — Cloud landscape          Lhasa (Chengguan)                 97,626
                   (碧桂園 • 雲境)
       96          Country garden smart city                 Changsha (Yuelu)                 531,194
                   (碧桂園智慧城市)
       97          Country garden — Chu Yuetai               Jingmen (Duodao)                 237,349
                   (碧桂園 • 楚悅台)
       98          Country Garden Phoenix City               Qiannan (Longli)                1,147,019
                   (碧桂園 • 鳳凰城)
       99          Country garden — Jiangyu City             Jiujiang (Xiushui)               336,655
                   (碧桂園 • 江嶼城)
       100         Country garden — Daming Mansion           Maoming (Maonan)                 242,997         131,516           129,565              252
                   (碧桂園 • 大名府)


     Note:
     (1)     All the GFAs displayed in this section are attributable to the owners of the Company.
     (2)     Based on the measurement reports from relevant government departments.
     (3)     Based on the actual measurements by the project management department of the Group.
     (4)     GFA for future development for each project is the GFA expected to be built.


30
                                     COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                 Properties under development(3)                                  Properties for future development(4)
                                               Actual/Estimated                                               Estimated
             Total saleable                            pre-sale                                                pre-sale
Completion      GFA under     Total saleable    commencement             Estimated      GFA for future    commencement              Estimated
     date     development      GFA pre-sold                date     completion date      development               date        completion date
                     sq.m.            sq.m.                                                     sq.m.
                   121,278          108,624             8-Sep-20    2nd Quarter, 2024


                    81,355           81,103            18-Dec-20    4th Quarter, 2023


 31-Dec-21         234,169           80,248            13-Nov-20    4th Quarter, 2024         276,758     4th Quarter, 2022   2nd Quarter, 2025


                   200,950          116,343              9-Jun-20   3rd Quarter, 2023


                   254,326          220,834            22-Nov-19    3rd Quarter, 2023           36,274    1st Quarter, 2022    1st Quarter, 2024


                    84,027           80,341             29-Jan-21   2nd Quarter, 2023


                   177,328          101,050            18-Sep-20    3rd Quarter, 2024           34,641   2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2024


                    74,562           50,448             16-Apr-21   4th Quarter, 2023


                   142,088           84,302              3-Mar-21   2nd Quarter, 2024



                    96,606           96,436            22-Nov-19    3rd Quarter, 2022


                   174,566           83,768            20-Nov-20    2nd Quarter, 2024


                   146,750          111,847             21-Jan-21   2nd Quarter, 2023


                    97,626           78,280            27-Sep-20    4th Quarter, 2023


                   397,389          136,637            24-Sep-20    4th Quarter, 2024         133,805    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2025


                   236,805          207,484            27-Sep-19    3rd Quarter, 2023             544     1st Quarter, 2022    4th Quarter, 2023


                   623,848          362,708             14-Jun-19   2nd Quarter, 2024         523,171    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2027


                   169,476           81,569             12-Jun-21   2nd Quarter, 2024         167,178    2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2024


 30-Jun-21          97,429           94,119            17-Aug-20    3rd Quarter, 2022           14,052   2nd Quarter, 2022     4th Quarter, 2023




                                                                                                                                                   31
     PERFORMANCE


     BUSINESS OVERVIEW




  Landbank GFA breakdown by location in Mainland China(1)
                                                                                                                                         Properties for
                                                                                                                                                 future
                                                          Completed property developments(2)           Properties under development(3)   development(4)
                                                                                     Total saleable
                                                           Total    Total saleable    GFA pre-sold     Total saleable
                                     Aggregate        completed     GFA sold and           pending        GFA under     Total saleable   GFA for future
     Province/Location            saleable GFA     saleable GFA          delivered         delivery     development      GFA pre-sold     development
                                          sq.m.            sq.m.            sq.m.              sq.m.           sq.m.            sq.m.            sq.m.
     Guangdong                      143,437,930       94,580,647       92,489,283        1,228,216        24,831,844       10,338,135        24,025,439
     Jiangsu                         54,917,885       32,423,718       31,530,855          371,781        15,768,882        9,152,838         6,725,285
     Anhui                           38,496,781       27,769,578       27,413,077          145,186         8,480,489        5,537,128         2,246,714
     Hunan                           34,604,206       16,852,232       16,294,331          239,203        11,203,374        6,635,785         6,548,600
     Henan                           33,137,567       11,461,541       11,116,503          221,759        16,663,978       10,275,467         5,012,048
     Shandong                        27,808,490       11,128,250       10,583,091          302,585        11,443,777        6,511,498         5,236,463
     Hubei                           26,927,228       15,689,448       15,128,034          285,155         6,554,953        3,233,703         4,682,827
     Guangxi                         20,193,060       10,477,775       10,352,412             80,266       7,378,088        5,058,252         2,337,197
     Zhejiang                        18,975,913       11,190,553       10,493,460          439,271         7,257,740        4,247,202          527,620
     Guizhou                         16,259,473        9,534,973        9,096,605          223,830         3,249,655        1,849,589         3,474,845
     Liaoning                        15,193,840        9,109,218        9,003,429              4,683       3,376,565        1,816,803         2,708,057
     Hebei                           15,108,855        5,501,614        5,334,251             38,521       6,848,540        3,837,959         2,758,701
     Sichuan                         14,592,952        7,261,588        6,878,287          332,110         5,125,135        3,211,945         2,206,229
     Shaanxi                         10,735,710        4,385,261        3,990,977          315,361         4,051,958        2,290,507         2,298,491
     Jiangxi                         10,544,610        5,255,856        5,146,883             88,211       4,087,452        2,440,854         1,201,302
     Fujian                           9,182,156        6,811,259        6,274,857          363,200         1,992,306          966,905          378,591
     Gansu                            9,123,421        4,045,431        4,013,346              2,329       2,812,864        1,925,291         2,265,126
     Hainan                           8,806,908        4,368,205        4,087,048             26,760       2,114,107          544,406         2,324,596
     Chongqing                        6,272,035        4,223,320        4,118,797             37,519       1,437,927          786,676          610,788
     Inner Mongolia                   6,083,755        2,255,146        2,232,483                  0       1,588,132          860,768         2,240,477
     Shanxi                           6,076,190        1,322,714        1,075,198          195,427         3,070,514        1,759,461         1,682,962
     Yunnan                           5,746,076        2,218,262        2,180,650             13,049       2,582,177        1,536,677          945,637
     Tianjin                          4,133,660        2,186,075        2,006,016          126,545           971,104          612,128          976,481
     Xinjiang                         3,213,194          630,107          500,206          113,037         1,276,457          733,795         1,306,630
     Qinghai                          1,834,427          841,328          833,577                  0         855,668          575,604          137,431
     Jilin                            1,535,573          561,388          552,074              1,043         800,068          420,576          174,117
     Ningxia                          1,305,955          766,737          763,836               361          474,962          330,479            64,256
     Shanghai                         1,233,448          624,805          555,618             14,891         416,811          149,566          191,832
     Beijing                          1,176,259          212,051          183,904               722          222,154          101,855          742,054
     Heilongjiang                     1,074,330          501,132          494,285                  0         492,436          204,211            80,762
     Tibet                              156,532           36,353           36,121                  0         120,179          101,723                0
     Total                          547,888,418      304,226,565      294,759,493        5,211,023       157,550,295       88,047,786        86,111,558


  Note:
  (1)          All the GFAs displayed in this section are attributable to the owners of the Company.
  (2)          Based on the measurement reports from relevant government departments.
  (3)          Based on the actual measurements by the project management department of the Group.
  (4)          GFA for future development for each project is the GFA expected to be built.


32
                                                                                                                            PERFORMANCE


                                                                              FINANCIAL SUMMARY




Consolidated Results
                                                   2017                2018                 2019                2020                 2021
                                              RMB million         RMB million          RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

 Revenue                                            226,900              379,079             485,908              462,856              523,064
 Profit before income tax                            46,522               79,563              98,939               85,529               68,949
 Income tax expense                                 (17,770)             (31,021)            (37,737)             (31,411)             (27,967)

 Profit for the year                                  28,752               48,542              61,202               54,118              40,982

 Profit attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                26,064               34,618              39,550               35,022              26,797
 Non-controlling interests                             2,688               13,924              21,652               19,096              14,185

                                                      28,752               48,542              61,202               54,118              40,982

 Earnings per share:
 Basic (RMB Yuan)                                        1.23                 1.61                1.85                 1.62                1.22

Consolidated Financial Position
                                                   2017                2018                 2019                2020                 2021
                                              RMB million         RMB million          RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

 Non-current assets                                 181,754              229,944             275,635              273,653             234,428
 Current assets                                     867,915            1,399,750           1,631,517            1,742,156           1,713,937
 Current liabilities                                769,537            1,219,406           1,398,752            1,492,959           1,378,905
 Net current assets                                  98,378              180,344             232,765              249,197             335,032

 Total assets less current
   liabilities                                      280,132              410,288             508,400              522,850              569,460

 Non-current liabilities                            163,520              236,880             289,792              265,847              268,833

 Equity attributable to owners of
   the Company                                        93,671             121,330             151,939              175,102              198,736
 Non-controlling interests                            22,941              52,078              66,669               81,901              101,891

 Total equity                                       116,612              173,408             218,608              257,003              300,627

 Equity attributable to owners
   of the Company
   — NBV per share
        (RMB Yuan)                                       4.40                 5.61                6.96                 7.95                8.59

 Net debt1                                            66,362               85,932            101,255              142,862              136,622

 Net gearing ratio (%)                                   56.9                 49.6                46.3                 55.6                45.4

Note:
1.      Net debt equals to total debt (representing bank and other borrowings, senior notes, corporate bonds and convertible bonds) net of available
        cash.

                                                                                                                                                       33
     PERFORMANCE


     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS




                                                 Profit attributable to owners of the
  Revenue (RMB billion)                          Company (RMB billion)

      2021                               523.1     2021                                 26.8

      2020                               462.9     2020                                 35.0

      2019                               485.9     2019                                 39.6

      2018                               379.1     2018                                 34.6

      2017                               226.9     2017                                 26.1




  Core net profit attributable to owners of
  the Company (RMB billion)                      Basic earnings per share (RMB Yuan)


      2021                               26.9      2021                                 1.22

      2020                               32.4      2020                                 1.62

      2019                               40.1      2019                                 1.85

      2018                               34.1      2018                                 1.61

      2017                               24.7      2017                                 1.23




  Equity attributable to owners of the           Equity attributable to owners of the
  Company (RMB billion)                          Company — NBV per share (RMB Yuan)


      2021                               198.7     2021                                 8.59

      2020                               175.1     2020                                 7.95

      2019                               151.9     2019                                 6.96

      2018                               121.3     2018                                 5.61

      2017                               93.7      2017                                 4.40




34
                                                                                 PERFORMANCE


      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       Country Garden — Yunding, Guangzhou



FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                      The Group recorded
Revenue                                                               revenue of
The Group’s revenue was primarily derived from two business
segments as follows: Property development and Construction.
                                                                      approximately RMB
Revenue of the Group increased by 13.0% to approximately
RMB523,064 million in 2021 from approximately RMB462,856 million
in 2020. 97.0% of the Group’s revenue was generated from the sales
                                                                      523,064million
of properties (2020: 97.1%), and 3.0% from Construction and Others
segments (2020: 2.9%).

Property Development                                                  Revenue generated from
Due to the increase of GFA delivered, revenue generated from
property development increased by 12.9% to approximately
                                                                      property development
RMB507,478 million in 2021 from approximately RMB449,341 million      was
in 2020. The recognised average selling price of property delivered
(value-added taxes not included) was approximately RMB7,455 per
                                                                      approximately RMB
sq.m. in 2021.
                                                                      507,478million
                                                                                               35
     PERFORMANCE


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




 Construction                                                               Construction revenue was
  Construction revenue from external parties increased by 6.6% to
  approximately RMB9,360 million in 2021 from approximately
                                                                            approximately RMB
  RMB8,779 million in 2020, primarily due to the increase in the
  construction volume.                                                      9,360million
 Others
  Others segment mainly includes property investment, hotel operation
  and others, such as smart construction, robotic catering, new retail
  and modern agriculture businesses. Revenue from external parties of
  these segments increased by 31.5% to approximately RMB6,226
  million in 2021 from approximately RMB4,736 million in 2020.

  Selling and marketing costs and Administrative expenses
                                                                            Selling and marketing
  Benefited by the excellent cost control and the improvement of
  organization efficiency, the Group’s selling and marketing costs and      costs and administrative
  administrative expenses amounted to approximately RMB28,834 million       expenses over revenue
  in 2021. It accounted for 5.5% of the revenue in 2021, with a
  decrease of 0.5 percentage points compared with 2020.                     decreased by
  Finance Income — Net
  The Group recorded net finance income of approximately RMB3,497
                                                                            0.5 percentage
  million in 2021 (2020: approximately RMB7,306 million).
                                                                            points

  In 2021, the Group recorded post-hedging net foreign exchange gains       to

                                                                            5.5%
  of approximately RMB1,686 million (2020: net foreign exchange gains
  of approximately RMB3,242 million), interest income of approximately
  RMB2,138 million (2020: approximately RMB4,102 million), and early
  redemption costs of senior notes and convertible bonds of
  approximately RMB327 million in 2021 (2020: approximately RMB38
  million). Interest expenses, amounting to approximately RMB18,111
  million in 2021 (2020: approximately RMB23,278 million) was fully
  capitalised on qualifying assets. Interest expenses decreased primarily
  due to the decrease of total debt and weighted average borrowing
  cost.




36
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Profit and Core Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the                Profit attributable to
Company
In 2021, the profit attributable to owners of the Company was
                                                                        owners of the Company
approximately RMB26,797 million (2020: approximately RMB35,022          was
million).
                                                                        approximately RMB

                                                                        26,797million
After deduction of effects such as fair value changes and net foreign
exchange gains/losses from realized earnings, the core net profit
attributable to owners of the Company in 2021 was approximately
RMB26,932 million (2020: approximately RMB32,362 million).

Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources                              Core net profit attributable
Cash position
                                                                        to owners of the Company
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s available cash (equals to the
sum of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) amounted to       was
approximately RMB181,300 million (31 December 2020: approximately
RMB183,623 million), including approximately RMB146,954 million in      approximately RMB
cash and cash equivalents and approximately RMB34,346 million in
restricted cash.                                                        26,932million
Restricted cash mainly represented unreleased guarantee deposits for
construction of pre-sale properties placed in designated bank
accounts as at 31 December 2021, and will be released in                Group’s available cash
accordance with certain construction progress.
                                                                        amounted to
As at 31 December 2021, 96.9% (31 December 2020: 97.1%) of the          approximately RMB
Group’s available cash was denominated in Renminbi and 3.1%
(31 December 2020: 2.9%) was denominated in other currencies
(mainly US dollars, HK dollars and Malaysian Ringgit).                  181,300million




                                                                                                       37
     PERFORMANCE


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




 Debt Composition
  As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank and other borrowings,
  senior notes, corporate bonds and convertible bonds amounted to
  approximately RMB206,525 million, RMB75,069 million, RMB34,160
  million and RMB2,168 million respectively (31 December 2020:
  approximately RMB207,323 million, RMB73,410 million, RMB40,480
  million and RMB5,272 million respectively).

  For bank and other borrowings, approximately RMB64,382 million,
  RMB139,005 million and RMB3,138 million will be repayable within 1
  year, between 1 and 5 years and beyond 5 years respectively
  (31 December 2020: approximately RMB68,218 million, RMB132,880
  million and RMB6,225 million respectively). As at 31 December 2021
  and 31 December 2020, the majority of the bank and other
  borrowings were secured by certain properties, right-of-use assets and
  equipment of the Group and secured by the equity interests of certain
  group companies, and/or guaranteed by the Group.

  The Group strictly manages the debt scale. As at 31 December 2021,
  the total debt decreased to approximately RMB317,922 million, from
  approximately RMB326,485 million as at 31 December 2020. And the
  Group continues to optimize its borrowing structure by exchanging
  high-cost debts with debts at lower cost. Take senior notes as an
  example, during the year the Group has early redeemed senior notes
  with par value of USD1,226 million whose interest rates were between
  4.750% to 7.125% with the funds of newly issued senior notes with
  interest rates between 2.700% to 3.300%.

 Net Gearing Ratio
                                                                           Net gearing ratio was
  Net gearing ratio is measured by the net debt (representing bank and
  other borrowings, senior notes, corporate bonds and convertible          approximately

                                                                           45.4%
  bonds, net of available cash, which equals to the sum of cash and
  cash equivalents and restricted cash) over total equity. The Group’s
  net gearing ratio decreased from approximately 55.6% as at
  31 December 2020 to approximately 45.4% as at 31 December
  2021.

  Key Risk Factors and Uncertainties
  The following lists out the key risks and uncertainties the Group is
  facing. It is a non-exhaustive list and there may be other risks and
  uncertainties further to the key risk areas outlined below.

 Risks Pertaining to the Property Market and Operation
  The Group’s businesses and prospects are largely dependent on the
  performance of the property market in mainland China. The property
  market in mainland China is affected by a number of factors, including

38
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




changes in social, political, economic and legal environment, as well as
changes in the government’s financial, economic, monetary, industrial
and environmental conservation policies. The Group is also susceptible
to changes in economic conditions, consumer confidence,
consumption spending, and changes in consumption preferences.
Therefore, the Group continues to implement its strategies to develop
and strengthen penetration of different regional markets thereby
reducing its dependence on specific markets. Meanwhile, the Group’s
operation is subject to a number of risk factors distinctive to property
development, property investment and property related businesses,
such as default on the part of our buyers, tenants and strategic
business partners, inadequacies or failures of internal processes,
people and systems or other external factors which may have various
levels of negative impact on the results of operations.

Interest Rate Risk
                                                                            At 31 December 2021,
The Group’s bank and other borrowings mainly bear floating rates. As
at 31 December 2021, the weighted average borrowing cost of the             the weighted average
Group’s total debt was 5.20%, decreased by 36 basic points as               borrowing cost
compared with that as at 31 December 2020. The Group has
implemented certain interest rate management which includes, among          decreased by

                                                                            36 basic points
others, close monitoring of interest rate movements, refinancing on
existing banking facilities and entering into new banking facilities when
good pricing opportunities arise.
                                                                            to

                                                                            5.20%
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group’s business is mainly denominated in Renminbi. Foreign
exchange risk mainly arises from the outstanding foreign currency
borrowings (mainly denominated in US dollars, HK dollars and
Malaysian Ringgit). Since 2015, the Group has adopted foreign
currency hedging instruments to achieve better management over
foreign exchange risk. The objective of the hedges is to minimise the
volatility of the RMB cost of highly probable forecast repayments of
foreign debts. The Group’s risk management policy is to partially
hedge forecasted foreign currency cash flows, subject to availability of
appropriate hedging instruments and cost of hedging. The Group uses
a combination of foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign currency
option contracts and foreign exchange structured derivatives and cross
currency swaps to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange risk.

Guarantees

As at 31 December 2021, the Group had guarantees in respect of
mortgage facilities for certain property buyers amounting to
approximately RMB383,217 million (31 December 2020: approximately
RMB381,302 million).


                                                                                                   39
     PERFORMANCE


     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, upon default      In addition, as at 31 December 2021, the Group had
     in mortgage payments by these buyers, the Group is         provided guarantees amounting to approximately
     responsible for repaying the outstanding mortgage          RMB43,221 million (31 December 2020: approximately
     principals together with accrued interest and penalty      RMB64,603 million) for certain liabilities of the joint
     owed by the defaulted buyers to the banks, and the         ventures, associates and other related parties of the
     Group is entitled to take over the legal title and         Group.
     possession of the related properties. The guarantees
     were to be discharged upon the earlier of: (i) issuance    Employees and Remuneration Policy
     of the real estate ownership certificate which are         Human resource has always been the most valuable
     generally available within three months after the buyers   resource of the Group. As at 31 December 2021, the
     take possession of the relevant properties; and (ii) the   Group had approximately 100,705 full-time employees.
     satisfaction of mortgage loans by the property buyers.
                                                                The remuneration package of the employees includes
     The Group considers that in case of default in             salary, bonus and other cash subsidies. Employees are
     payments by property buyers, the net realisable value of   rewarded on a performance related basis, together with
     the related properties can cover the repayment of the      reference to the profitability of the Group, remuneration
     outstanding mortgage principals together with the          benchmarks in the industry, and prevailing market
     accrued interest and penalty, therefore, no provision      conditions within the general framework of the Group’s
     has been made in the financial statements for the          salary and bonus system. The Group believes that the
     guarantees.                                                salaries and benefits that the employees receive are
                                                                competitive in comparison with market rates. The




            Country Garden — Huaxi, Guiyang


40
                             COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Group is subject to social insurance contribution plans       development, adhering to the general principle of
or other pension schemes organised by the regional            “houses are for living not for speculation” and the
governments and is required to pay on behalf of the           control target of “stabilizing land prices, housing prices
employees a monthly social insurance premium                  and expectation”. There is still a long way to go for
covering pension insurance, medical insurance,                China’s urbanization, which still presents both
unemployment insurance and housing fund or to                 opportunities and challenges for the property sector.
contribute regularly to other mandatory provident fund
schemes on behalf of the employees. As at the date of         To further enhance value for our shareholders, the
this report, there were no significant labor disputes         Group will focus more on its brand awareness and
which adversely affect or are likely to have an adverse       reputation in established markets and strengthen our
effect on the operations of the Group.                        competitive edge in these markets. Meanwhile, we will
                                                              also utilize our advanced construction technology and
In order to achieve sustainable development and               plan our projects within manageable radii of modular
corporate core advantage, the Group is establishing a         and pre-fabrication centres. We will consolidate our
“Corporate University”. Employees from different levels       operations to markets commensurate with our mode of
and different fields can all have opportunities to receive    operation.
training, including Leadership Development Program,
New Staff Campaign and On-the-job Training. All the           To embrace the challenges and opportunities
projects are aimed at enabling employees to become            mentioned above, the Group continues to adopt
senior management and inter-disciplinary talent and           prudent financial policies and risk control measures,
form a perfect HR training system of the Group.               ensure the quality and safety of the buildings, apply a
                                                              more prudent strategy on new land acquisition,
In order to adapt itself to the fast growing and ever         strengthen its contracted sales and cash collection to
changing market, the Group came up with the                   strengthen operating cash flows and ensure good
partnership scheme, aligning the interests of employees       investment return.
with that of the Group. Not only could this profit and
loss sharing program help lower operational cost and          In conjunction with our property development and
increase profit and returns, but also make employees          construction business, the Group has incurred research
better understand the Company’s culture of “home              and development expenses to approximately RMB3,308
experience”, and allow them to further develop together       million in 2021 and established our diversified business
with the Group.                                               covering smart construction, robotic catering, modern
                                                              agriculture and new retail. The way forward, we will rely
The Group has approved and/or adopted certain share           more on the application of artificial intelligence to solve
option scheme and employee incentive scheme, details          the aging problem of workforce in the construction,
can be referred in the sections headed “SHARE                 industry workforce and the increasing consumer
OPTION SCHEME” and “EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE                        demand for sustainable environment and food safety. At
SCHEME” in ”Report of the Directors” of this report.          the same time, we will also take full advantages of
                                                              smart construction and respond to the call of the
Forward Looking                                               government by participating in the escrow and agency
In the past year, the property development sector             construction of government housing projects, helping
underwent turbulences and upheavals, this has posed           accelerating the process of government-subsidized
big challenges to all the industry participants. But in the   housing construction, supporting the commodity
long run, the property sector will eventually get back        housing market to better meet the reasonable needs of
into a healthy cycle. It is expected that the government      homebuyers. The Group will continue to provide an
will continue to implement a long-term mechanism for          integrated platform covering the needs of various
real estate market for its steady and healthy                 stages in life for our clients.



                                                                                                                            41
GOVERNANCE
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                     Executive Directors
                     YEUNG Kwok Keung (楊國強), aged 67, was appointed as
                     the Chairman and an executive Director in December 2006.
                     Mr. YEUNG is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee,
                     the Corporate Governance Committee, the Environmental,
                     Social and Governance Committee and the Executive
                     Committee, a member of the Remuneration Committee and
                     a director of various members of the Group. Mr. YEUNG is
                     responsible for the formulation of development strategies,
                     investment planning and overall project planning as well as
                     ensuring the Board functions properly with good corporate
                     governance practice. From 1992 to 1997, Mr. YEUNG was
  YEUNG Kwok Keung   the general manager of Shunde Sanhe Co., the real estate
  楊國強                business in which Mr. YEUNG was engaged in before he
                     founded the Group. From 1986 to 1997, Mr. YEUNG served as
                     the general manager and the chairman of Beijiao Construction
                     Co. and also served as the general manager of the Group
                     from 1997 to 2003. He has been the Chairman since the
                     Company was listed in 2007. Mr. YEUNG has over 44 years of
                     experience in construction and over 30 years of experience in
                     property development. Mr. YEUNG was awarded “China Charity
                     Outstanding Contributions Person” and “Top Ten Contributions
                     Persons to China Real Estate” in 2009, “China Real Estate
                     Entrepreneur Charity Award” and “Person of China Real Estate”
                     in 2010, “Individual under Non-collectively Own Category for
                     Helping Poverty in Guangdong” in 2011, “2012 China Corporate
                     Social Responsibility Award for Outstanding Entrepreneur”
                     in 2012, “National Outstanding Individual for Poverty Relief”
                     Honorable Mention in 2014, “2015 China Poverty Eradication
                     Award” in 2015, “China Charity Award-The Most Caring
                     Contributing Individual” and “National Contribution Award
                     for Poverty Relief” in 2016, as well as “National Outstanding
                     Individual in Poverty Alleviation” in 2021. Mr. YEUNG is a
                     member of the 12th and 13th National Committee of the
                     Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, the
                     Honorary President of Guangdong Foundation for Poverty
                     Alleviation and the Honorable Director of Tsinghua University.
                     Mr. YEUNG is the father of Ms. YANG Huiyan, the Co-Chairman,
                     an executive Director and the controlling Shareholder; the
                     father of Ms. YANG Ziying, an executive Director; the uncle of
                     Mr. YANG Zhicheng, an executive Director; and the father-in-law
                     of Mr. CHEN Chong, a non-executive Director.




44
           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




YANG Huiyan (楊惠妍), aged 40, was appointed as an
executive Director in December 2006 and a Vice Chairman in
March 2012 and was re-designated from a Vice Chairman to
a Co-Chairman in December 2018. Ms. YANG is also a
member of the Corporate Governance Committee, the
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee, the
Executive Committee and the Finance Committee and a
director of various members of the Group. Ms. YANG
graduated from Ohio State University with a bachelor degree
in marketing and logistics and she also obtained an EMBA
degree from Tsinghua University in 2019. Ms. YANG joined the
Group in 2005 and served as the manager of the
procurement department. Currently, she is primarily
                                                                 YANG Huiyan
responsible for assisting Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, the
                                                                 楊惠妍
Chairman, in the day-to-day work of the Group, and
responsible for the Group’s strategic investments and new
business exploration based on the existing business, such as
new retail business, contributing to the Company’s sustainable
development. Ms. YANG is a director of Concrete Win
Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company, which
has an interest in the Shares and underlying Shares which fell
to be disclosed to the Company under Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO. Ms. YANG was appointed as a director
and the chairperson of the board of Bright Scholar Education
Holdings Limited, a company whose shares are listed on The
New York Stock Exchange, in February and April 2017
respectively, and as the chairman and a non-executive
director of CG Services, a company whose shares are listed
on the Stock Exchange, in March 2018. Ms. YANG was
awarded “China Charity Award Special Contribution Award” in
2008, “China Poverty Alleviation Award Contribution Award” in
2019 and “The 11th China Charity Award Individual Donor
Award” in 2021. Ms. YANG is the daughter of Mr. YEUNG
Kwok Keung, the Chairman and an executive Director; the
sister of Ms. YANG Ziying, an executive Director; a cousin of
Mr. YANG Zhicheng, an executive Director; and the wife of
Mr. CHEN Chong, a non-executive Director.




                                                                               45
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                  MO Bin (莫斌), aged 55, was appointed as the President and
                  an executive Director in July 2010. Mr. MO is also a member
                  of the Remuneration Committee, the Corporate Governance
                  Committee, the Environmental, Social and Governance
                  Committee, the Executive Committee and the Finance
                  Committee and a director of several members of the Group.
                  Mr. MO graduated from Hengyang Institute of Technology
                  (currently known as University of South China) with a bachelor
                  degree in industrial and civil architecture. He obtained his
                  postgraduate degree from Zhongnan University of Economics
                  and Law and is a professor-grade senior engineer. Mr. MO is
                  primarily responsible for the management of daily operation
     MO Bin       and general administration of the Group. Prior to joining the
     莫斌           Group, Mr. MO was employed by an internationally
                  competitive construction and property group in Mainland
                  China, China Construction, in a number of senior positions
                  since 1989, most recently as a director and general manager
                  of China Construction Fifth Division. Mr. MO ceased to be a
                  non-executive director of E-House (China) Enterprise Holdings
                  Limited with effect from 31 August 2020, a company whose
                  shares are listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. MO has over 32
                  years of extensive experience in property development,
                  construction business, construction management, marketing,
                  cost control and corporate management. Mr. MO won the 1st
                  place of “Best CEO — Property (Combined)/(Buy-Side)/
                  (Sell-Side)” at the “2019 All-Asia Executive Team” and the 1st
                  place of “Best CEO — Property (Sell-side)” at the “2020
                  All-Asia Corporate Executive Team” organised by financial
                  magazine, Institutional Investor.




46
           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




YANG Ziying (楊子莹), aged 34, was appointed as an
executive Director in May 2011. Ms. YANG is also a member
of the Executive Committee and the Finance Committee.
Ms. YANG graduated from Ohio State University with a
bachelor degree in psychology. Ms. YANG joined the Group in
2008 as an assistant to the Chairman. Currently, she is
primarily responsible for overseeing the finance of the Group,
including offshore and onshore financing. Prior to joining the
Group, Ms. YANG worked in a renowned global investment
bank. Ms. YANG is the daughter of Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung,
the Chairman and an executive Director; the sister of
Ms. YANG Huiyan, the Co-Chairman, an executive Director
and the controlling Shareholder; a cousin of Mr. YANG
                                                                 YANG Ziying
Zhicheng, an executive Director; and a sister-in-law of
                                                                 楊子莹
Mr. CHEN Chong, a non-executive Director.

YANG Zhicheng (楊志成), aged 48, was appointed as an
executive Director in December 2006, a regional president of
the Group, a member of the Executive Committee and the
Finance Committee. Mr. YANG is primarily responsible for the
overall development and management of certain property
development projects of the Group. Prior to joining the Group
in 1997, Mr. YANG served as a project manager of Shunde
Sanhe Co. and the general manager of Foshan Shunde
Jun’an Country Garden Property Development Co., Ltd. After
joining the Group, he served as the project general manager
and was appointed as a vice President in November 2017.
Mr. YANG was appointed as a non-executive director of CG
Services, a company whose shares are listed on the Stock
                                                                 YANG Zhicheng
Exchange, in March 2018. Mr. YANG has approximately 28
                                                                 楊志成
years of experience in project development. Mr. YANG is a
nephew of Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, the Chairman and an
executive Director; a cousin of Ms. YANG Huiyan, the
Co-Chairman, an executive Director and the controlling
Shareholder; a cousin of Ms. YANG Ziying, an executive
Director; and a cousin-in-law of Mr. CHEN Chong, a
non-executive Director.




                                                                                 47
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                  SONG Jun (宋軍), aged 54, was appointed as an executive
                  Director in May 2013. Mr. SONG graduated from Chongqing
                  College of Construction and Architecture (currently known as
                  Chongqing University) with a bachelor degree in engineering
                  and is a qualified PRC architect. Prior to joining the Group in
                  1994, Mr. SONG worked in Hunan Province Jishou City
                  Construction Institute and Elite Architectural and was
                  responsible for architectural design work. Since 1997, he
                  served as a project manager and a general manager of
                  Shunde Country Garden and Guangzhou Country Garden
                  Company, and has been serving as vice President since 2005,
                  and has been responsible for the management of property
 SONG Jun         project development of the Group. Currently, Mr. SONG is
 宋軍               responsible for the overall operation, management and
                  sustainable development of property projects of the Group in
                  certain regions and holds a concurrent post of the Director of
                  the Group’s Structural Adjustment and Optimization Office.
                  Mr. SONG has 25 years of experience in the management of
                  property development.

                  SU Baiyuan (蘇 柏 垣), aged 56, was appointed as an
                  executive Director in December 2013. Mr. SU graduated from
                  Guangzhou Normal Institute (currently known as Guangzhou
                  University) with a degree in geography and obtained a
                  postgraduate degree in human geography from Sun Yat-sen
                  University. Prior to joining the Group in 2005, Mr. SU had over
                  10 years of experience in land planning and development as
                  well as operational management. Mr. SU was a vice President
                  until February 2013, and was primarily responsible for
                  investment development and the overall management of
                  certain property development projects of the Group. Mr. SU
                  was reappointed as a vice President in November 2013.
 SU Baiyuan       Currently, he is primarily responsible for overseas development
 蘇柏垣              and the management of certain overseas property
                  development projects of the Group.




48
           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Non-executive Director

CHEN Chong (陳 翀), aged 43, was appointed as a
non-executive Director in December 2016. Mr. CHEN
graduated from Tsinghua University with a bachelor of science
in chemistry and obtained an EMBA degree in 2016.
Mr. CHEN also obtained a master of science in biological
sciences research from Royal Holloway and Bedford New
College, University of London. In 2015, Mr. CHEN was
appointed as the first president of the Overseas Study Youth
Association of Guangdong Province, and was elected as a
member of the 13th Standing Committee of the All-China
Youth Federation in 2020. Mr. Chen is a member of the 12th
Guangdong Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s          CHEN Chong
Political Consultative Conference and the President of          陳翀
Guoqiang Foundation. Mr. CHEN is the son-in-law of
Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, the Chairman and an executive
Director; the husband of Ms. YANG Huiyan, the Co-Chairman,
an executive Director and the controlling Shareholder; a
brother-in-law of Ms. YANG Ziying, an executive Director; and
a cousin-in-law of Mr. YANG Zhicheng, an executive Director.

Independent Non-Executive Directors

LAI Ming, Joseph (黎明), aged 77, was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director in December 2006 and is
currently the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member
of the Remuneration Committee, the Nomination Committee
and the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee.
Mr. LAI is a fellow member of the HKICPA, CPA Australia,
CIMA and the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Mr. LAI was
one of the co-founders of the Hong Kong Branch of CIMA
founded in 1973 and was its president in 1974/75 and
1979/80. He was the president of the HKICPA in 1986.
Mr. LAI resigned as an independent non-executive director of
Jolimark Holdings Limited on 21 May 2019, a company whose       LAI Ming, Joseph
shares are listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAI also holds     黎明
directorships in several private companies engaging in
property development in Canada. He is also an independent
non-executive director of Nan Fung Group Holdings Limited.




                                                                                   49
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                             SHEK Lai Him, Abraham (石禮謙) G.B.S., S.B.S., J.P., aged
                             76, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director
                             in December 2006 and is currently a member of the Audit
                             Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
                             Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. Mr. SHEK
                             graduated from the University of Sydney and holds a bachelor
                             of Arts degree and a diploma in Education. Mr. SHEK was
                             appointed as a Justice of the Peace in 1995 and was
                             awarded the Silver Bauhinia Star and the Gold Bauhinia Star
                             by the Government of the HKSAR in 2007 and 2013
                             respectively. Mr. SHEK is an honorary member of the court of
                             Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, a member
     SHEK Lai Him, Abraham   of Court and Council of University of Hong Kong and a
     石禮謙                     member of the Advisory Committee on Corruption of the
                             Independent Commission Against Corruption. He acted as a
                             member of the HKSAR Legislative Council representing the
                             Real Estate and Construction Functional Constituency until
                             31 December 2021.

                             Mr. SHEK currently holds directorship in a number of listed
                             companies on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange: (i) the
                             honorary chairman and independent non-executive director of
                             Chuang’s China Investments Limited; (ii) the vice chairman and
                             an independent non-executive director of ITC Properties Group
                             Limited; and (iii) an independent non-executive director of Far
                             East Consortium International Limited, Lifestyle International
                             Holdings Limited, NWS Holdings Limited, Paliburg Holdings
                             Limited, Lai Fung Holdings Limited, Chuang’s Consortium
                             International Limited, China Resources Cement Holdings
                             Limited, Cosmopolitan International Holdings Limited,
                             Everbright Grand China Assets Limited, CSI Properties Limited,
                             Eagle Asset Management (CP) Limited (the manager of
                             Champion Real Estate Investment Trust), Regal Portfolio
                             Management Limited (the manager of Regal Real Estate
                             Investment Trust), Landing International Development Limited
                             and Hao Tian International Construction Investment Group
                             Limited respectively.




50
           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Mr. SHEK has been appointed as the vice chairman and
re-designated from independent non-executive director to
executive director of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited with
effect from 1 March 2021, has been appointed as an advisor
of SJM Holdings Limited with effect from 28 May 2021, and
has been appointed as an independent non-executive director
of International Alliance Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. with effect
from 28 July 2021, all of which are companies listed on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange.

Mr. SHEK was (i) the chairman of Chuang’s China
Investments Limited (retired on 29 April 2019); and (ii) an
independent non-executive director of MTR Corporation
Limited (retired on 22 May 2019), of Hop Hing Group
Holdings Limited (retired on 2 June 2020), and of SJM
Holdings Limited (retired on 28 May 2021), all of which are
companies listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
respectively.

TONG Wui Tung (唐滙棟), aged 71, was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director in December 2006. He is
the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member
of the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee. Mr. TONG
has been practicing as a solicitor in Hong Kong for over 40
years and became a partner of the law firm, Messrs. Ronald
Tong & Co., with effect from 1 June 2021. Mr. TONG is the
company secretary of Y.T. Realty Group Limited with effect
from 1 August 2021, a company whose shares are listed on
the Stock Exchange. He is also a Notary Public and a China
Appointed Attesting Officer, and is admitted as a solicitor in
several other jurisdictions. Mr. TONG ceased to be a partner
                                                                    TONG Wui Tung
of Messrs. Cheung, Tong & Rosa Solicitors with effect from
                                                                    唐滙棟
31 July 2021.




                                                                                    51
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



                     HUANG Hongyan (黃洪燕), aged 51, was appointed as an
                     independent non-executive Director in December 2012. He is
                     a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
                     Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. HUANG
                     graduated from Toulouse Business School, Doctorate of
                     Business Administration, and is also qualified as a Chinese
                     certified public accountant, a Chinese certified tax agent, a
                     Chinese certified public valuer, a certified internal auditor and
                     a corporate accountant. Currently, Mr. HUANG serves as a
                     general manager of Foshan Yestar Consulting Co., Ltd.. Mr.
                     HUANG has been an independent director of Guangdong
                     Shenling Environmental System Co., Ltd. (whose shares are
     HUANG Hongyan   listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on 7 July 2021) since
     黃洪燕             29 June 2016, and ceased to be an independent director of
                     such company from 13 September 2021. Mr. HUANG ceased
                     to be an independent director of C&S Paper Co., Ltd. from 22
                     January 2021 and Guangdong Transtek Medical Electronics
                     Co., Ltd. from 21 February 2019, those companies whose
                     shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange.

                     TO Yau Kwok (杜友國), aged 69, was appointed as an
                     independent non-executive Director in June 2019. Mr. TO
                     graduated from Jinan University majoring in economics and
                     management in 1992. Since 1993, Mr. TO engaged in
                     business activities in Mainland China such as property
                     development, and had gained ample experience in areas such
                     as property development, wholesale and retail, and machinery
                     trade. Mr. TO is currently the honorary chairman of Foshan
                     City Shunde District Xinlixin Business Development Limited and
                     Foshan City Shunde District Renfu Car Maintenance Plant
                     Limited respectively.


     TO Yau Kwok
     杜友國




52
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Joint Company Secretaries

LEUNG Chong Shun (梁創順), aged 56, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on
1 October 2016 and remained as the joint company secretary from March 2019. Mr. LEUNG graduated from the
University of Hong Kong in November 1988 where he was awarded a bachelor degree of Laws with honors. He
is qualified as solicitor in both Hong Kong and England and has been a practicing lawyer in Hong Kong since
1991.

LUO Jie (羅杰), aged 42, was appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company in March 2019. Mr. LUO
graduated from Sun Yat-sen University in June 2002 where he was awarded a bachelor of Laws degree. He
graduated from The Chinese University of Hong Kong in 2008 where he was awarded a Juris Doctor degree, and
obtained the Postgraduate Certificate in Laws (PCLL) from the University of Hong Kong in 2009. He passed the
National Judicial Examination of the PRC in 2005 and obtained the Legal Profession Qualification Certificate. He
is qualified as a solicitor in Hong Kong since 2011. He joined the Company in May 2017 and was appointed as
the joint company secretary in March 2019.

Senior Management

CHENG Guangyu (程光煜), aged 41, is an executive vice President. Mr. CHENG graduated from Tsinghua
University with a bachelor’s and doctoral degree in civil engineering in 2002 and 2007 respectively, and from
Guanghua School of Management of Peking University with an EMBA degree in 2015. Mr. CHENG joined the
Group in 2007 and has been responsible for overall operation management and sustainable development of
property projects in certain regions under his supervision from 2012 to 2014. Since 2014, Mr. CHENG has been
responsible for the overall sales and marketing management of the Group. Currently, Mr. CHENG is responsible
for the overall sales and marketing management, brand management, investment planning management and
product design management of the Group. Mr. CHENG also oversees the Risk Control, Audit and Supervision
Center and Commercial and Culture Tourism Group. Mr. CHENG has over 14 years of experience in
management of property development.

WU Bijun (伍碧君), aged 48, was appointed as a vice President and the Chief Financial Officer in April 2014
and April 2017 respectively. Ms. WU is also the chairman of the Finance Committee and the general manager of
the finance centre of the Company. Ms. WU graduated from the Department of Public Finance and Taxation of
Zhongnan University of Finance and Economics (currently known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law)
with a bachelor’s degree of economics majoring in public finance in 1995, and obtained an EMBA degree from
China Europe International Business School in 2015. She is qualified as a Chinese certified public accountant and
a Chinese certified tax agent. Ms. WU is responsible for finance and capital management of the Group. Prior to
joining the Group in 2005, Ms. WU worked at Hubei Branch of China Construction Bank and was responsible for
accounting and auditing management. From 1999 to 2002, Ms. WU was the chief auditor of Guangdong Foshan
Zhixin Certified Public Accountants Co., Ltd. and was responsible for reviewing the auditor’s reports. From 2002
to 2005, Ms. WU worked at Shunde Finance Bureau and was responsible for the financial management of
foreign investment enterprises. Since joining the Group in 2005, Ms. WU has been mainly responsible for the
financial management of the Group. Ms. WU has 17 years of experience in the management of real estate
financial resources and approximately 27 years of experience in financial management. Ms. WU won the 1st
place of “Best CFO — Property (Combined)/(Sell-Side)” at the “2019 All-Asia Executive Team” and the 1st place
of “Best CFO — Property (Sell-Side)” at the “2020 All-Asia Corporate Executive Team” organized by financial
magazine, Institutional Investor.




                                                                                                                    53
     GOVERNANCE


     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



  LI Xiaolin (黎曉林), aged 50, is a vice President. Mr. LI graduated from Department of Civil Engineering of
  Tsinghua University and Guanghua School of Management of Peking University with a bachelor degree of
  architecture and structural engineering with EMBA respectively, and is a qualified PRC architecture engineer and
  a qualified real estate appraiser in the PRC. Prior to joining the Group in 2008, Mr. LI worked in Zhuhai
  Zhuguang Architecture Design Engineering Company and was responsible for architecture design, as well as in
  various property developers, namely China Vanke Co., Ltd., Zhongshan Paramount Development Co., Ltd., and
  New Home (Zhuhai) Real Estate Co. Ltd., and was responsible for property development and management. Since
  2008, Mr. LI has been responsible for the overall operation, management and sustainable development of
  property projects in certain regions of the Group. He has been served as the regional President of the Hunan
  region, Chongqing region, Sichuan region and Jiangxi Region. Mr. LI was appointed as a vice President of the
  Group in 2013, and he was designated to the general manager of the human resource management centre of the
  Group since February 2020 and also served as the general manager of the operation center of the Group in
  October 2020. Mr. LI has 25 years of experience in the management of property development.

  YANG Cuilong (楊翠瓏), aged 50, is a vice President. Ms. YANG graduated from South China University of
  Technology with a bachelor’s degree of architecture and is a national first class registered architect in the PRC
  and a senior engineer. In 2019, Ms. YANG also obtained an EMBA degree from Tsinghua University School of
  Economics and Management. Prior to joining the Group in 2000, Ms. YANG worked in Elite Architectural as
  director of the architectural office from 1993 to 2000 and was responsible for architecture design. Since 2000,
  she served as the head of general office of the projects and an assistant to President, as well as the general
  manager for project tendering management department of the Group. She was appointed as the vice President
  and served as the general manager of the cost management centre of the Group since September 2014 and was
  responsible for the Group’s construction cost, construction tendering and cost management. Since January 2019,
  Ms. YANG was appointed as the general manager of the design management centre of the Group and was
  responsible for the design system management. Since February 2020, Ms. YANG was re-appointed as the
  general manager of the cost management center of the Group. Since November 2021, Ms. YANG was appointed
  as the general manager of the Office of Cost Analysis for Smart Building. Ms. YANG has 11 years of experience
  in architectural design and management and 20 years of experience in operation management and construction
  cost management for real estate.

  YANG Lixing (楊麗興), aged 51, is a vice President. Ms. YANG graduated from South China University of
  Technology majoring in management. Ms. YANG joined the Group in 1992 and has been responsible for
  procurement management of the Group. Ms. YANG was appointed as the vice President in September 2014 as
  well as the general manager of the bidding and procurement center of the Group in November 2021. Ms. YANG
  was appointed as the president of the general manager of the procurement center of the Group during the period
  from September 2014 to November 2021 Ms. YANG has 29 years of experience in the procurement
  management for real estate.




54
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




HUANG Yuzang (黃宇奘), aged 46, is a vice President and was appointed as the general manager of Innovative
Business Promotion Office of the Group in April 2021. Mr. HUANG graduated from Zhejiang University with a
bachelor’s degree in architecture and from Peking University with a master’s degree in geography (city and urban
planning). He is a first-class national registered architect. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. HUANG worked in Hong
Kong Huayi Design Consultants (Shenzhen) Limited as the managing director and a design director. Mr. HUANG
has 23 years of experience in architecture design with extensive practical experience in engineering and acquired
dozens of awards both in Mainland China and overseas with his advanced design ideas. Mr. HUANG was
recognised as “The First Top Ten Young Architect of Shenzhen”, “The Ninth Chinese Architecture Academy Young
Architect” and “New Real Estate Architect for the year of 2014”. Mr. HUANG joined the Group in March 2015
and was responsible for the design system as the chief designer of the Group. Mr. HUANG was appointed as the
general manager of the cost management center of the Group in January 2019 and was responsible for the
Group’s construction cost, construction tendering and cost management, and was appointed as the president of
Anhui region of the Group during the period from February 2020 to April 2021.

LI Jing (李靜), aged 42, is a vice President. Ms. LI graduated from Northwest University of Political Science and
Law with a bachelor’s degree in law and Sun Yat-sen University with a master’s degree in public administration.
Prior to joining the Group, she worked for the China Communist Youth League Guangdong Committee and the
Guangzhou Municipal People’s Procuratorate. Ms. LI joined the Group in October 2017 and currently serves as a
vice President, director of the Group General Office, director of the Rural Revitalization Office and executive vice
president and Secretary-general of Guoqiang Foundation. Ms. LI is responsible for the Group’s administrative
affairs, charitable endeavors,and rural revitalization efforts.




                                                                                                                       55
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  The Group continues to improve its corporate governance practices, emphasising the attainment and
  maintenance of a quality Board, sound risk management and internal controls, and high transparency and
  accountability to the Shareholders. The Board and the management are committed to the principles of good
  corporate governance consistent with prudent management and enhancement of shareholder value. The Board
  believes that good corporate governance will bring long-term benefits to the Shareholders and the Group.

  Corporate Governance Practices

  The Company has applied the principles to its corporate governance structure and practices as described in this
  report and has complied with the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code that were in force as
  described in the Corporate Governance Report throughout the year ended 31 December 2021, save and except
  for the code provision E.1.2 of the Corporate Governance Code as the Chairman of the Board (who was also the
  chairman of the Nomination Committee, Corporate Governance Committee, Environmental, Social and Governance
  Committee and Executive Committee of the Company) was unable to attend the annual general meeting of the
  Company held on 24 May 2021 due to the travel restrictions then in place as a result of the COVID-19
  pandemic.

  Compliance with the Model Code

  The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct for dealing in securities of the Company by
  the Directors. After specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard
  regarding securities transactions set out therein throughout the year ended 31 December 2021. No incident of
  non-compliance was noted by the Company in 2021. Relevant employees who are likely to be in possession of
  inside information of the Group are also subject to compliance with written guidelines on no less exacting terms
  than the Model Code.

  Strategic Planning
  The Group has been committed to implementing a strategic management system which identifies and assesses
  potential opportunities and challenges, so as to formulate a long-term development strategy and a planned
  course of action. The strategy management department of the Group is responsible for organizing strategy
  research and discussions. At the start of every year, senior management of the Group reviews and develops the
  medium to long term strategic planning of the Group as well as annual budget planning.

  Board of Directors

  Composition
  As at 31 December 2021, the Board consists of seven executive Directors, namely, Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung
  (Chairman), Ms. YANG Huiyan (Co-Chairman), Mr. MO Bin (President), Ms. YANG Ziying, Mr. YANG Zhicheng,
  Mr. SONG Jun, and Mr. SU Baiyuan, one non-executive Director, namely, Mr. CHEN Chong and five independent
  non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham, Mr. TONG Wui Tung,
  Mr. HUANG Hongyan and Mr. TO Yau Kwok. A list of the Directors and their roles and functions is published on
  the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company respectively.

  Ms. YANG Huiyan and Ms. YANG Ziying are the daughters of Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, Mr. CHEN Chong is the
  husband of Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YANG Zhicheng is the nephew of Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung. Save as
  disclosed above, none of the other Directors has or maintains any family relationship with any of the other
  Directors.


56
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Independent Non-executive Directors
The independent non-executive Directors are of sufficient number and calibre for their views to carry weight. The
functions of independent non-executive Directors include:

•    bringing an independent view and judgement at Board meetings;

•    taking the lead where potential conflicts of interests arise;

•    serving on Board committees if invited; and

•    scrutinizing the Company’s performance and monitoring performance reporting.

The independent non-executive Directors have made a positive contribution to the development of the Company’s
strategies and policies through independent, constructive and informed comments. They benefit the Board and
the Board committees by their skills, expertise, varied backgrounds and qualifications through regular attendance
and active participation at the meetings of the Board and the Board committees.

In addition to the regular Board meetings, the Chairman met with the independent non-executive Directors without
the presence of other Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021.

Composition of the Board is disclosed, and the independent non-executive Directors are identified, in all
corporate communications to the Shareholders.

Confirmation of Independence
The independence of the independent non-executive Directors has been assessed in accordance with the
applicable Listing Rules. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has made an annual written
confirmation of independence pursuant to rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all
independent non-executive Directors meet the guidelines for assessing independence set out in rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules and are independent.

Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy effective as from 6 August 2013, and has updated the policy on
25 March 2021. The Company takes into consideration the benefits of various aspects of diversity, including but
not limited to gender, age, culture, ethnicity, education background, skills, knowledge, professional experience and
other factors that may be relevant from time to time towards achieving a diversified Board. Appointment to the
Board is based on merit and attributes that the selected candidates will bring to the Board to complement and
expand the competencies, experience and perspectives of the Board as a whole, taking into account the
corporate strategy of the Company.




                                                                                                                       57
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  As at 31 December 2021, an analysis of the Board composition based on the range of diversity perspectives is
  set out as follows:

     Number of                                                 Years of
                  Gender         Designation       Age Group                       Skills and Knowledge
     Directors                                                  Group
        13                                                                                   Legal
                   Female
        12
                                                                            Investment development management
        11
                                                     >=60
                                                                                 Administration and business
        10                    Executive Director
                                                                                        management
         9
         8                                                                          Financial management
                                                                  >=5
         7
                    Male        Non-executive        50–59
         6                                                                   Development strategy and marketing
                                  Director
                                                                                       management
         5
         4
                              Independent Non-
         3                                           40–49                  Property development, construction and
                              executive Director
         2                                                                    building construction management
         1                                           30–39        0–2

  Each of the Board members possessed different skills and knowledge, including property development,
  construction and building construction management, development strategy and marketing management, financial
  management, administration and business management, investment development management and legal, etc. The
  Board is characterized by significant diversity in terms of gender, age, designation, length of service, skills and
  knowledge.

  Roles and Functions of the Board and the Management
  The Board assumes responsibility for leadership and control of the Company and is collectively responsible for
  directing and supervising the Company’s affairs. The Board is fully responsible for the formulation of business
  policies and strategies in relation to the business operation of the Group, including dividend policy and risk
  management strategies. The management is delegated the authority and responsibilities by the Board for the
  day-to-day management and operation of the Group.

  Appointment, Continuation of Appointment and Re-election of Directors
  All executive Directors have entered into service contracts with the Company, the non-executive Director and all
  independent non-executive Directors have entered into letters of appointment with the Company with a specific
  term of two years setting out key terms and conditions of their appointments. All Directors are subject to
  retirement in accordance with the Articles of Association.




58
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




According to the Articles of Association, (i) any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold
office until the first general meeting of members after his appointment and be subject to re-election at such
meeting; (ii) any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office only until
the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election; and (iii) at
each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of
three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every
Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement at an annual general
meeting at least once every three years. As such, no Directors have a term of appointment longer than three
years.

Board Meetings
The Board holds at least four meetings a year at approximately quarterly intervals. Additional meetings would be
arranged, if and when required. The date of each meeting is decided in advance to enable the Directors to
attend the meeting in person. For those Directors who are not able to attend these meetings in person,
participation by telephone conference is available.

Notice of at least 14 days shall be given for a regular Board meeting to give all Directors an opportunity to
attend. The draft of the agenda of the Board meeting shall be sent together with the notice of the Board meeting
to the Directors so as to allow the Directors to have sufficient time to propose matters for inclusion in the
agenda. For all other Board meetings, reasonable notice will be given. To ensure that all Directors are properly
informed about the matters to be discussed at each regular Board meeting, documents in relation to the regular
Board meeting are sent to each Director at least three days prior to the meeting.

If a substantial Shareholder or a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board
which the Board has determined to be material, the matter will be dealt with by a physical Board meeting rather
than a written resolution.

The joint company secretaries of the Company prepare detailed minutes of each meeting. After the meeting, draft
and final versions of the minutes would be sent to the Directors for comment and records respectively as soon
as practicable. Minutes of Board meetings and Board committees meetings are kept by the Listing Company
Secretariat of the Company and are open for inspection by any Director on reasonable notice.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Directors have made active contribution to the affairs of the
Group and nine Board meetings were held to consider, among other things, various transactions contemplated by
the Group and to review and approve the interim results and annual results of the Group. According to article
100(1) of the Articles of Association, a Director shall not vote (nor be counted in the quorum) on any resolution of
the Board approving any contract or arrangement or any other proposal in which he or any of his close
associates is materially interested.




                                                                                                                        59
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Attendance Record of Directors
  The attendance record of Directors at the meetings of the Board, the Board committees and the Shareholders
  held during the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out below:

                                              Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings held
                                                       for the year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                                Corporate Environmental,
                                             Audit Nomination Remuneration Governance         Social and    General
     Directors                   Board   Committee Committee       Committee Committee      Governance     Meetings


     Executive Directors
     Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung
       (Chairman)                  9/9         N/A          1/1           3/3         2/2            3/3        0/2
     Ms. YANG Huiyan
       (Co-Chairman)               9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          2/2           3/3         1/2
     Mr. MO Bin (President)        9/9         N/A          N/A          3/3          2/2           3/3         2/2
     Ms. YANG Ziying               9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         1/2
     Mr. YANG Zhicheng             9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         0/2
     Mr. SONG Jun                  9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         1/2
     Mr. SU Baiyuan                9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         0/2


     Non-executive Director
     Mr. CHEN Chong                9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         1/2


     Independent non-executive
        Directors
     Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph          9/9         3/3          1/1          3/3          N/A           3/3         2/2
     Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham     9/9         3/3          N/A          3/3          N/A           3/3         2/2
     Mr. TONG Wui Tung             9/9         3/3          1/1          3/3          N/A           3/3         2/2
     Mr. HUANG Hongyan             9/9         3/3          1/1          3/3          N/A           N/A         2/2
     Mr. TO Yau Kwok               9/9         N/A          N/A          N/A          N/A           N/A         2/2




60
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Access to Information
All Directors are kept informed on a timely basis of major changes that may have affected the Group’s business,
including those changes to relevant rules and regulations and are able to make further enquiries when necessary.
Sufficient explanation and information have been provided to the Board by the management to enable the Board
to make an informed assessment of financial and other information put before it for approval. They also have
unrestricted access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries of the Company, who are
responsible for providing the Directors with board papers and related materials. A monthly update which gives a
balanced and concise assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient details is
provided to all Directors to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge his or her duty. The
Board has also agreed that the Directors may seek independent professional advice in performing their Directors’
duties at the Company’s expense.

Directors and Officers Liability Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against the Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage and amount are reviewed on an annual basis.

Directors’ Training and Professional Development
Every newly appointed Director has been given a comprehensive, formal and tailored induction on appointment.
Subsequently, the Directors will receive updates on the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory requirements and
the latest development of the Group’s business and are encouraged to participate in continuous professional
development to develop their knowledge and skills. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Directors have
participated in continuing professional development (“CPD”). All Directors have provided the Company with their
records of training received for the year. A summary of their records of training is provided as follows:

 Directors                                                                   Types of CPD         Subject of CPD
                                                                                       (Note 1)             (Note 2)




 Executive Directors
 Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)                                                        1, 2                A, B
 Ms. YANG Huiyan (Co-Chairman)                                                          1, 2                A, B
 Mr. MO Bin (President)                                                                 1, 2                A, B
 Ms. YANG Ziying                                                                        1, 2                A, B
 Mr. YANG Zhicheng                                                                      1, 2                A, B
 Mr. SONG Jun                                                                           1, 2                A, B
 Mr. SU Baiyuan                                                                         1, 2                A, B




                                                                                                                       61
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




      Directors                                                                        Types of CPD          Subject of CPD
                                                                                                  (Note 1)             (Note 2)




      Non-executive Director
      Mr. CHEN Chong                                                                               1, 2                A, B


      Independent non-executive Directors
      Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph                                                                         1, 2                A, B
      Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                                                                    1, 2                A, B
      Mr. TONG Wui Tung                                                                               2                A, B
      Mr. HUANG Hongyan                                                                            1, 2                A, B
      Mr. TO Yau Kwok                                                                                 2                A, B

  Note 1:
  1         Attending in-house briefings/trainings, seminars, conferences or forums
  2         Reading newspapers, journals and updates


  Note 2:
  A.        Businesses related to the Company
  B.        Laws, rules and regulations, accounting standards


  Chairman and President

  The roles of the Chairman and the President are separated to reinforce independence, accountability and
  responsibility. Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, the Chairman, is responsible for the formulation of development
  strategies, investment decision making, overall project planning at the Group level, leading the Board and
  ensuring that the Board functions properly and effectively, whilst Mr. MO Bin, the President, is responsible for the
  management of the daily operation and general administration of the Group. Their respective responsibilities are
  clearly established and defined by the Board in writing.

  In performing the role of Chairman, Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung is responsible for, among other things:

  •         ensuring that good corporate governance practices and procedures are established;

  •         ensuring that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at Board meetings and that all Directors
            receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable;

  •         encouraging all Directors to make a full and active contribution to the Board’s affair and to voice their concerns
            even with different views, allowing sufficient time for discussion of issues, ensuring that Board decisions
            fairly reflect the Board’s consensus, and taking the lead to ensure that the Board acts in the best interests
            of the Group;

  •         ensuring that appropriate steps are taken to provide effective communication with the Shareholders and their
            views are communicated to the Board as a whole; and




62
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




•    promoting a culture of openness and debate by facilitating the effective contribution of non-executive Director
     and independent non-executive Directors in particular and ensuring constructive relations among executive
     Directors, non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors.

In performing the role of President, Mr. MO Bin is responsible for, among other things:

•    organizing and managing the Group’s business;

•    leading the corporate team to implement the strategies and plans established by the Board; and

•    coordinating overall daily business operations of the Group.

Board Committees

The Board has established seven committees with specific written terms of reference to oversee particular
aspects of the Company’s affairs.

Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was established in December 2006 with written terms of reference, which are posted on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company respectively. All the members of the Audit Committee are
independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham, Mr. TONG Wui
Tung and Mr. HUANG Hongyan. Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, who has appropriate professional accounting
qualifications and financial management expertise as required under the Listing Rules, was appointed as the
chairman of the Audit Committee. None of the members of the Audit Committee is a former partner of the
auditors of the Company.

The principal duties of the Audit Committee include, among other things: (i) being primarily responsible for making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor, and to
approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and any questions of its resignation
or dismissal; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the external auditor’s independence and objectivity and the
effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable standards; (iii) developing and implementing a
policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit services; (iv) monitoring the integrity of the Company’s
financial statements and the annual report and accounts, half-year report and, if prepared for publication,
quarterly reports, before submission of the financial statements and reports to the Board, and reviewing
significant financial reporting judgements contained in them; (v) reviewing the Company’s financial control, risk
management and internal control systems; and (vi) discussing the risk management and internal control systems
with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to have effective systems.

The Audit Committee may seek any necessary information from employees within its terms of reference and
obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities if it considers
necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Audit Committee held three meetings and has duly
discharged the above-mentioned duties. The attendance record of individual Directors at the Audit Committee
meetings is set out on page 60 of this annual report.




                                                                                                                       63
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Nomination Committee
  The Nomination Committee was established in March 2012 with written terms of reference, which are posted on
  the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company respectively. The Nomination Committee is chaired by
  an executive Director, Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung and consists of three other members, who are independent
  non-executive Directors being Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, Mr. TONG Wui Tung and Mr. HUANG Hongyan.

  The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include, among other things: (i) reviewing the policy concerning
  diversity of board members and the structure, size and composition of the Board and making recommendations
  on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy; (ii) developing and
  maintaining a policy for the nomination of board members which includes the nomination procedures and the
  process and criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee to identify, select and recommend candidates for
  directorship during the year and reviewing periodically the policy and the progress made towards achieving the
  objectives set in the policy; (iii) identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and selecting or
  making recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships; (iv) assessing
  the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and (v) making recommendations to the Board on the
  appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.

  On 6 December 2018, the Nomination Committee and the Board respectively adopted the nomination policy of
  the Company:

 Objectives
  •     The Nomination Committee shall nominate suitable candidates to the Board for it to consider and make
        recommendations to Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings for appointment or
        re-appointment or appointment as Directors to fill casual vacancies or as an addition to the existing Board.

  •     The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more than
        the number of directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of casual
        vacancies to be filled.

  •     The Nomination Committee should ensure the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
        perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

 Selection Criteria
  •     The factors to be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed
        candidate include:

        (i)     reputation for integrity;

        (ii)    accomplishment and experience in different industries;

        (iii)   commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

        (iv)    independence;




64
                             COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




     (v)     diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
             educational background, ethnicity, qualifications, professional experience, skills, knowledge,
             independence and length of service;

     (vi)    for proposed independent non-executive Directors who will be holding their seventh (or more) listed
             company directorship, whether the individuals would still be able to devote sufficient time to the board
             (including whether the individuals have extensive experience in corporate governance of listed
             companies, are familiar with the management of listed companies, have close and good
             communication with the management and other independent non-executive Directors, can make the
             management decision of the Company work properly, are a chairman of the board or chief executive
             officer or full time executive director of other listed companies, the business activity of other listed
             companies in which the individuals hold directorship, etc.); and

     (vii)   other factors considered to be relevant by the Nomination Committee on a case-by-case basis, including
             the requirements and restrictions as stated in the Listing Rules.

     These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination
     Committee has the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

•    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Nomination Committee and recommendation by the Board
     to stand for re-election at a general meeting.

•    Proposed candidates will be asked to submit the necessary personal information in a prescribed form, together
     with their written consent to be appointed as a Director and to the public disclosure of their personal data
     on any documents or the relevant websites for the purpose of or in relation to their standing for election as
     a Director.

•    The Nomination Committee may request candidates to provide additional information and documents, if
     considered necessary.

Nomination Procedures
•    The secretary of the Nomination Committee or the joint company secretaries of the Company shall call a
     meeting of the Nomination Committee, and invite nominations of candidates from Board members if any, for
     consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting. The Nomination Committee may also
     identify candidates pursuant to the criteria set out above and put forward candidates who are not
     nominated by Board members.

•    The Nomination Committee may use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidates pursuant
     to the criteria set out above, which may include personal interviews, background checks, presentations or
     written submissions by the candidates and third party references.




                                                                                                                        65
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  •     For filling a casual vacancy and for addition to the existing Board, the Nomination Committee shall make
        recommendations for the Board’s consideration, approval and appointment. Any Director appointed by the
        Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the first general meeting after his appointment and be
        subject to re-election at such meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the
        existing Board shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and
        shall then be eligible for re-election. For proposing candidates to stand for election at a general meeting,
        the Nomination Committee shall make nominations to the Board for its consideration and recommendation
        to the Shareholders.

  •     In case of election at a general meeting, until the issue of the Shareholder circular, the nominated persons
        shall not assume that they have been proposed by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

  •     In order to provide information of the candidates nominated by the Board to stand for election at a general
        meeting, a circular will be sent to Shareholders by the Company. The names, brief biographies (including
        qualifications and relevant experience), independence, proposed remuneration and any other information, as
        required pursuant to the applicable laws, rules and regulations (including the Listing Rules), of the proposed
        candidates will be included in the circular to Shareholders. In addition, where a new Director is appointed or
        re-designated, the Company will announce the change as soon as practicable and include details of the
        relevant Director as required pursuant to the Listing Rules.

  •     The Shareholders may propose a person for election as a Director, details of which are set out in the
        “Procedures for Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director” of the Company. A
        Shareholder can serve a notice at the registered office, head office or the registration office (such place as
        the Board may from time to time determine to keep a branch register of members and where (except the
        Board otherwise directs) the transfer or other documents of title are to be lodged for registration and are to
        be registered) of the Company within the lodgement period of its intention to propose a resolution to elect
        certain person(s) as a Director, without the Board’s recommendation or the Nomination Committee’s
        nomination, other than those candidates set out in the Shareholder circular. The particulars of the
        candidates so proposed will be sent to all Shareholders for information by a supplementary circular.

  •     A candidate is allowed to withdraw his candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a notice
        in writing to the joint company secretaries of the Company.

  •     The Board shall have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
        for election at any general meeting. The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors
        rest with the entire Board.

  The Nomination Committee may seek any necessary information from employees within its terms of reference and
  obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities if it considers
  necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and has duly
  discharged the above-mentioned duties. The attendance of individual Directors at the Nomination Committee
  meeting is set out on page 60 of this annual report.




66
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Remuneration Committee
The Remuneration Committee was established in December 2006 with written terms of reference, which are
posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and of the Company respectively. The Remuneration Committee
is chaired by an independent non-executive Director, Mr. TONG Wui Tung and consists of five other members, of
whom two are executive Directors being Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung and Mr. MO Bin, and three are independent
non-executive Directors being Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham and Mr. HUANG Hongyan.

The principal duties of the Remuneration Committee include, among other things: (i) making recommendations to
the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior management’s remuneration; (ii)
reviewing and approving the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
and objectives; and (iii) making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
executive Directors, non-executive Director and senior management with reference to their performance and terms
of the service contracts.

The Remuneration Committee may consult the Chairman or the President about its remuneration proposals for the
other executive Directors and senior management, seek any necessary information from senior management within
its terms of reference and obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its
responsibilities if it considers necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Remuneration Committee
held three meetings and has duly discharged its duties, including but not limited to: (i) reviewing and approving
the management’s remuneration proposals; (ii) making recommendations to the Board on the grant of share
options proposals; and (iii) reviewing and approving the relevant disclosures of the Company regarding
remuneration and service contracts of the Directors prior to approval by the Board. The attendance of individual
Directors at the Remuneration Committee meetings is set out on page 60 of this annual report.

The Company has adopted a formal and transparent policy on remuneration of Directors and senior management
(the “Remuneration Policy”). The Remuneration Policy was established by the Human Resources Department and
Finance Department of the Company, and reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee and the
Board. The Remuneration Policy may be revised by the Human Resources Department and Finance Department
of the Group with reference to corporate policies and objectives, market research, market conditions, industry
practices and other factors. All revisions of the Remuneration Policy will be subject to the review and approval of
the Remuneration Committee and the Board. The Remuneration Committee is also responsible for annual review
of the Remuneration Policy and the procedure for setting the policy. Under the Remuneration Policy, the
remuneration packages of Directors and senior management shall be recommended by the Remuneration
Committee to the Board (and to be reviewed and adjusted periodically) with reference to the following factors:

•    remuneration packages of similar positions of other companies engaging in similar businesses and of similar
     size;

•    business needs, general economic conditions and changes in the relevant human resources market;

•    personal experience, level of responsibility, job complexity, time commitment, years of service and personal
     potential;




                                                                                                                      67
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  •      any discretionary bonuses, performance bonuses, share awards, etc. for executive Directors and senior
         management should be linked to the financial performance of the Group and their individual performance,
         and the Chairman or President or independent professional advice should be consulted to ensure fairness
         of the remuneration packages and compliance with established policy and guidelines; remuneration levels
         should be sufficient to attract and retain executive Directors and senior management to supervise and run
         the Company without paying more than necessary;

  •      remuneration of non-executive Directors should be determined with reference to their workload, responsibilities
         and remuneration paid to other non-executive directors by organizations of similar size and nature; and

  •      no directors should be involved in deciding that director’s own remuneration.

  Under the Remuneration Policy, the remuneration packages of the employees other than directors and senior
  management shall be viewed and adjusted periodically by the Human Resources Department and Finance
  Department of the Group with reference to the following factors:

  —      salary adjustment based on up-to-market information, including the competitive positioning, the cost of living
         and the projected pay increase in the similar business:

  —      to establish indicators to evaluate performance and profitability of each department and individual of the
         Group, and distribute the appropriate level of bonuses, cash bonuses and grant share awards according to
         the terms of Employees incentive Scheme;

  —      distribution to individual employees are guided by divisional and individual performances, where mangers may
         make adjustments to account for other factors, including overall total compensation position (i.e. base salary
         plus bonuses and share awards, etc.), internals pay levels and external remuneration benchmarks; and

  —      no employees should be involved in deciding that employee’s own remuneration.

  The remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than Directors) by band for the year ended
  31 December 2021 is set out below:

                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                       members of
                                                                                                            senior
      RMB                                                                                              management


      6,000,001 to 7,000,000                                                                                        1
      7,000,001 to 8,000,000                                                                                        1
      9,000,001 to 10,000,000                                                                                       1
      18,000,001 to 19,000,000                                                                                      2
      32,000,001 to 33,000,000                                                                                      1
      48,000,001 to 49,000,000                                                                                      1




68
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Corporate Governance Committee
The Corporate Governance Committee was established in March 2012 with written terms of reference. The
members of the Corporate Governance Committee are all executive Directors, namely Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung,
Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. MO Bin. Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung was appointed as the chairman of the Corporate
Governance Committee.

The principal duties of the Corporate Governance Committee include, among other things: (i) developing and
reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making recommendations to the
Board; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
management; (iii) reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements; (iv) developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual (if
any) applicable to the Group’s employees and Directors; and (v) reviewing the Company’s compliance with the
Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Corporate Governance Committee may seek any necessary information from employees within its terms of
reference and obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities if
it considers necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Corporate Governance Committee held
two meetings and has duly discharged the above-mentioned duties. The attendance of individual Directors at the
Corporate Governance Committee meetings is set out on page 60 of this annual report.

Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee was established in May 2020 with written terms of
reference. The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee is chaired by an executive Director, Mr. YEUNG
Kwok Keung and consists of five other members, of whom two are executive Directors being Ms. YANG Huiyan
and Mr. MO Bin, and three are independent non-executive Directors being Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph, Mr. SHEK Lai
Him, Abraham and Mr. TONG Wui Tung.

The principal duties of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee include, among other things: (i)
formulating and reviewing the Group’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) liabilities, vision, strategies,
structure, principles and policies; (ii) monitoring the channels and means of communication with the Group’s
stakeholders; (iii) reviewing key ESG trends and related risks and opportunities, and assess the adequacy and
effectiveness of the Group’s ESG structure and business model; (iv) overseeing the Group’s sustainability
performance; (v) overseeing the funding of the initiatives on corporate social responsibilities; and (vi) reviewing and
recommending to the Board for approval of the annual sustainability report of the Company.

The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee may seek any necessary information from employees within
its terms of reference and it is authorised by the Board to obtain external legal or other independent professional
advice and to invite outsiders with relevant experience and expertise to attend the meetings if required. During
the year ended 31 December 2021, the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee held three meetings.
The attendance of individual Directors at the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee meetings is set
out on page 60 of this annual report.




                                                                                                                          69
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Executive Committee
  The Executive Committee was established in June 2014 with written terms of reference. The existing members of
  the Executive Committee are all executive Directors, namely Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, Ms. YANG Huiyan, Mr. MO
  Bin, Ms. YANG Ziying and Mr. YANG Zhicheng. Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung was appointed as the chairman of the
  Executive Committee.

  The principal duties of the Executive Committee include, among other things: (i) discussing and making decisions
  on matters relating to the management and operations of the Company including but not limited to corporate
  matters, financial/treasury planning and to form strategy; (ii) considering and making recommendations to the
  Board on acquisitions of or investments in business or projects; and (iii) reviewing and discussing any other
  matters as may from time to time be delegated by the Board.

  The Executive Committee may seek any necessary information from senior management within its terms of
  reference and obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities if
  it considers necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Executive Committee has passed eight
  resolutions (by way of written resolutions or by way of meetings) and has duly discharged the above-mentioned
  duties.

  Finance Committee
  The Finance Committee was established in August 2014 with written terms of reference. The Finance Committee
  consists of seven members, of whom four are executive Directors being Ms. YANG Huiyan, Mr. MO Bin,
  Ms. YANG Ziying and Mr. YANG Zhicheng, one is the Chief Financial Officer being Ms. WU Bijun, and the two
  other members are senior management of the finance centre of the Company. Ms. WU Bijun was appointed as
  the chairman of the Finance Committee.

  The principal duties of the Finance Committee include, among other things: (i) approving the opening and
  cancelling of bank/securities accounts in name of the Company (“Accounts”) and the changing of authorised
  signatories of the Accounts and dealing with any other matters from time to time in relation to the Accounts; (ii)
  executing any matters in relation to buy-back of shares of the Company pursuant to the authorisation granted by
  the Board from time to time and the mandate given by the Shareholders; and (iii) executing any matters in
  relation to the employees’ share incentive scheme pursuant to the authorisation granted by the Board from time
  to time (unless otherwise provided for under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules).

  The Finance Committee may seek any necessary information from senior management within its terms of
  reference and obtain independent professional advice, at the Company’s expense, to perform its responsibilities if
  it considers necessary. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Finance Committee held three meetings
  and has duly discharged the above-mentioned duties.




70
                              COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Joint Company Secretaries

Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun and Mr. LUO Jie are joint company secretaries of the Company. Mr. LEUNG Chong
Shun is a practicing lawyer in Hong Kong and is not a full-time employee of the Company. Mr. LUO Jie is a
full-time employee of the Company. They are responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance and
Hong Kong legal matters.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the primary contact person of the Company with Mr. LEUNG Chong
Shun is Mr. LUO Jie, the head of the Listing Company Secretariat of the Company. Mr. LEUNG Chong Shun and
Mr. LUO Jie have confirmed that they have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during
the year ended 31 December 2021.

Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Board has the overall responsibility for maintaining sound and effective risk management and internal control
systems to safeguard the Group’s assets and the Shareholders’ interests, as well as, with the Audit Committee
and the Risk Management Internal Committee, reviewing the effectiveness of these systems. The Group’s risk
management and internal audit department is delegated with responsibility to ensure and maintain sound risk
management and internal control systems by continuously reviewing and monitoring the operation of the risk
management and internal control systems and procedures so as to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives and ensure that they can provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
against material misstatement or loss and to manage risks of failure in the Group’s operational systems. In
addition, the Company has engaged independent consultants to conduct review of the risk management and
internal control systems of the Group.

Risk Management and Internal Control
Objectives
The risk management and internal control systems are designed and implemented to achieve the following
business objectives:

•    evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks that the Company is willing to take in achieving
     its strategic objectives

•    effectiveness and efficiency of operations

•    reliability of financial reporting

•    compliance with applicable laws and regulations




                                                                                                                      71
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




 Group Risk Management Framework
  The Group’s risk management and internal control systems were developed by making reference to the Internal
  Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
  (“COSO”). The Group’s risk management and internal control systems consist of eight interdependent integrated
  components. They jointly ensure the operation of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.
  These components are internal environment, objective setting, event identification, risk assessment, risk response,
  control activities, information and communication, and monitoring.

  In order to enhance the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems, as well as to improve
  the level of management and risk response ability of the Group, the Board announced the establishment of the
  Risk Management Internal Committee on 13 May 2015. The Risk Management Internal Committee is authorized
  by the Audit Committee to deal with the Group’s risk management matters, including overseeing the effectiveness
  of the Group’s strategies and risk management system. On this basis, the Board established a risk management
  structure which consists of three levels, i.e. the Risk Management Internal Committee, risk management execution
  party and risk management monitoring party. The chart below shows the organization structure of the Group’s
  risk management framework.


                                                  Decision Making

                                      Risk Management Internal Committee




                         Execution                                              Monitoring

               Management at the Group’s                              The Group’s Risk Management
                    Headquarters                                      and Internal Audit Department

            Management at the subsidiaries
                   of the Group




72
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




The roles of the key parties in our risk management structure are outlined below:

Risk Management Internal Committee (Decision Making)
•    Establish and update the Company’s risk management policies

•    Review the Company’s risk appetite, risk management strategies and risk management framework, and report
     the review results to the Audit Committee and provide recommendations for improvement

•    Set up risks identification, assessment and management procedures

•    Oversee the implementation of risk management policies and compliance with relevant statutory rules and
     regulations

•    Report any significant risk management issues to the Audit Committee and the suggested solutions

•    Review the results of the stress-testing for the major risks and the assessment on the Company’s capability
     to withstand the stressed conditions particularly in terms of profitability, capital adequacy and liquidity

•    Perform other relevant duties as requested by the Audit Committee

Management at the Group’s Headquarters (Execution)
Senior management (President and Vice Presidents) are responsible for group-level risk management:

•    Responsible for the design and implementation of the overall risk management systems, including organizing
     and coordinating cross-functional risk management work, as well as providing professional advice to
     significant decisions which involve considerable risks

•    Under the organization and coordination of senior management, the respective functional centers participate
     in cross-divisional and other relevant risk management activities

Management at the subsidiaries of the Group (Execution)
•    Management as divided by areas, projects, subsidiaries and branches are responsible for risk management
     at the respective level

•    Under the organization and coordination of the Risk Management Internal Committee of the Group, the
     management staff members who are responsible for risk management at subsidiary level carry out risk
     management activities at business level according to the risk management procedures

The Group’s Risk Management and Internal Audit Department (Monitoring)
•    Monitor, review and evaluate the operation of risk management by the Group and its subsidiaries




                                                                                                                   73
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Risk Management and Internal Audit Department assisted the Risk
  Management Internal Committee to coordinate an enterprise risk assessment, identify and score top ten risks at
  Group level, assess existing risk management measures and management action plans. Assessment results have
  been properly reported to the Audit Committee.

 Review of the Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
  Management has formulated remedial action plans to address the gaps and weakness identified during internal
  control self-assessment, internal control reviews and internal audits, covering 10 business areas and 40 key
  business processes. The Group’s risk management and internal audit department has conducted follow-up
  reviews periodically to ensure remedial actions are taken on a timely basis, and has reported the results of the
  follow-up reviews to the Audit Committee.

  The Board, in conjunction with the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Internal Committee, annually
  assessed and reviewed the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and
  procedures covering all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance control and considered
  the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff of the Group’s accounting, internal audit and
  financing reporting function, and their training programmes and budget. The risk management and internal control
  systems were considered effective and adequate.

  During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Internal Committee
  have reviewed reports from the Group’s risk management and internal audit department with their findings and
  recommendations for improvement. The external auditors have also reported any observations they identified in
  the course of their work to the Group, and are satisfied that there is an ongoing process in place for identifying,
  evaluating and managing the significant risks faced by the Group.

  During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has implemented procedures and internal controls for the
  handling and dissemination of inside information. In particular, the Group:

  •     has conducted its affairs with close regard to the disclosure requirement under the Listing Rules as well as
        the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” published by the Securities and Futures Commission in
        June 2012;

  •     has established its own disclosure obligation procedures, which set out the procedures and controls for the
        assessment of potential inside information and the handling and dissemination of inside information. The
        procedures have been communicated to the senior management and staff of the Company, and their
        implementation was monitored by the Company; and

  •     has made broad, non-exclusive disclosure of information to the public through channels such as financial
        reports, public announcements and its website.




74
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Whistleblower Policy

The Group has established a whistleblower policy since 2008. Whistleblowing channels are published in all
workplace. The policy is to facilitate employees, partners and customers to report complaints and internal
malpractices to the Supervision Department of the Company, who will review, investigate and follow up these
complaints. Once cases are verified, investigation results will be announced within the Company as warnings.

Auditor’s Remuneration

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the remuneration paid/payable to the auditor of the Company is set out
as follows:

 Service rendered                                                                                  RMB million


 Audit service for 2021:
   — Annual audit services of the Company                                                                   15.8
   — Others                                                                                                  4.7

 Non-audit services in relation to:
   — Issue of corporate bonds                                                                                2.6
   — Accounting advisory services                                                                            0.5
   — Others                                                                                                  3.1

Directors’ Responsibility on the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year
ended 31 December 2021, which were prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
accounting standards. The Board aims to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the
Group’s position and prospects in annual reports, interim reports and other financial disclosures required by the
Listing Rules.

The reporting responsibility of the external auditor of the Company on the consolidated financial statements of the
Group is set out in the independent auditor’s report on pages 112 to 119 of this annual report.

Communication with Shareholders

The Board adopted a shareholders’ communication policy reflecting the current practices of the Company for
communication with its Shareholders, which has been posted on the website of the Company. The general
meeting of the Company provides a platform for Shareholders to exchange views with the Board.




                                                                                                                      75
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Dividend Policy

  The Board adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall maintain
  adequate liquidity for its working capital requirements and for future growth and shall comply with the Articles of
  Association and all applicable laws and regulations. The Board shall have regard to the following factors of the
  Group when considering the declaration and payment of dividends:

  •     past financial results;

  •     past and forecasted cash flows;

  •     business conditions and strategies;

  •     future operations and earnings;

  •     capital requirements and expenditure plans;

  •     interests of Shareholders;

  •     any restrictions on payment of dividends (including contractual restrictions, i.e. from financing-related
        agreements); and

  •     any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

  The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. The Board will continually review, revise
  and update the dividend policy from time to time. If the Board decides to recommend, declare or pay dividends,
  the form, frequency and amount will depend upon the situation and applicable factors at the relevant time.

  The dividend policy does not constitute a legally binding commitment that the Company will distribute any
  specific amount of dividends, nor will it in any way hold the Company liable to declare dividends at any time or
  from time to time.




76
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Shareholders’ Right

Shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of
the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company can make a written requisition to
the Board or the joint company secretaries of the Company to require an extraordinary general meeting to be
convened pursuant to article 58 of the Articles of Association. The written requisition must state the objects of the
meeting, and must be signed by the relevant Shareholder(s) and deposited at the registered office of the
Company at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands, in
addition to the principal place of business in Hong Kong at Suite 1702, 17/F., Dina House, Ruttonjee Centre, 11
Duddell Street, Central, Hong Kong.

If within 21 days of the deposit of the requisition, the Board fails to proceed to convene an extraordinary general
meeting, the relevant Shareholder(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location
which will be the principal meeting place (as defined in Article 59(2) of the Articles of Association), and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the relevant Shareholder(s) as a result of the failure of the Board to convene a
meeting shall be reimbursed to the relevant Shareholder(s) by the Company.

There are no provisions under the Articles of Association or the Companies Act, Cap 22 (Act 3 of 1961, as
consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands regarding procedures for Shareholders to put forward proposals
at general meetings other than a proposal of a person for election as Director. Shareholders may follow the
procedures set out above to convene an extraordinary general meeting for any business specified in such written
requisition.

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns in writing to the Board or the joint company
secretaries of the Company at the principal place of business in Hong Kong at Suite 1702, 17/F., Dina House,
Ruttonjee Centre, 11 Duddell Street, Central, Hong Kong or by email to ir@countrygarden.com.cn.

Constitutional Documents

During the year ended 31 December 2021, new memorandum and Articles of Association was adopted at the
extraordinary general meeting on 22 December 2021, with the primary objective to allow all general meetings to
be held as a physical meeting in any part of the world and at one or more locations, or as a hybrid meeting or
an electronic meeting, to allow for votes to be cast by the Shareholders electronically, to allow instruments of
proxy to be returned to the Company by electronic means, and to make other consequential and housekeeping
amendments.




                                                                                                                        77
     GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




  Investor Relations

  As a listed company, the Group respects voices from the Shareholders and the capital market. The Group is
  constantly committed to enhancing the information transparency and strengthening the level of corporate
  governance so as to strive for greater value for the Shareholders.

  The Group formulated a systematic platform for information disclosure and communication. The Group facilitates
  communication through various channels such as internet networks, site visits and meetings, and timely
  responses to the demand from the Shareholders and investors. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the
  Group further optimized its monthly newsletters and results presentations in order to provide further details which
  improved the quality of information disclosure; the Group continued its close communication with investors by
  organizing annual and interim results meetings with analysts and media, reverse roadshows, exchanging ideas
  with senior management and participating in roadshows held by various financial institutions in Asia-Pacific and
  Europe regions. In the communication process, the Group timely introduced to investors its operating results,
  development strategy and business updates that enhanced investors’ understanding of and confidence in the
  Group. Meanwhile, the dedicated team of the Group timely summarized and analyzed information of the capital
  market, and gave feedback to the management in a systematic manner.

  Besides, the Group’s efforts in information disclosure are well recognised as well. The Company’s 2020 Annual
  Report won the below 3 awards within the year:

     Award                                                                      Organizer


     LACP 2020 Vision Awards — Gold Award                                       League of American Communications
                                                                                  Professionals LLC (LACP)
     LACP 2020 Vision Awards — Top 80 Reports in Asia-Pacific region            League of American Communications
                                                                                  Professionals LLC (LACP)
     LACP 2020 Vision Awards — Top 50 Chinese Reports of 2020                   League of American Communications
                                                                                  Professionals LLC (LACP)

  Going forward, the dedicated investor relations team will, by way of calls, emails, online interaction platform,
  meetings, and site visits etc., continue its interaction with investors, listen to opinions from the market, convey
  information of the Group and protect the long-term trust between investors and the Group.




78
                        COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Major Events in 2021
 Date             Events                                                      Location


 25 Mar           Announcement of 2020 Annual Results                          Virtual
                  Press Conference
                  Investor Presentation
 26 Mar–2 Apr     Post Results Roadshow                                        Virtual
 14 Apr           Haitong Securities 2021 Spring Conference                   Hangzhou
 28 Apr           GTJA Securities China Investment Conference 2021             Suzhou
 27 May           Morgan Stanley Virtual China Summit                          Virtual
 2 Jun            Huatai International Conference                              Virtual
 4 Jun            CITIC Securities Capital Market Forum 2021                   Virtual
 10 Jun           SouthWest Securities Interim Conference 2021                 Virtual
 11 Jun           Haitong International 2021 China Prop Management/Prop Day    Virtual
 18 Jun           BOCI conference call                                         Virtual
 22 Jun           CIMB 2021 HK/China Prop Management/Prop Day                  Virtual
 22 Jun           Shenwan Hongyuan Capital Market Conference 2021              Virtual
 23 Jun           Credit Suisse HK/China Property Corporate Day                Virtual
 24 Jun           Citi Asia Pacific Property Conference 2021                   Virtual
 25 Jun           Haitong Securities Strategy Summit                           Virtual
 29 Jun           Jefferies China Finance & Property Virtual Conference        Virtual
 6 Jul            UBS China/Hong Kong Property Virtual Conference              Virtual
 24 Aug           Announcement of 2021 Interim Results                         Virtual
                  Press Conference
                  Investor Presentation
 25 Aug–30 Aug    Post Results Roadshow                                        Virtual
 31 Aug           DFZQ Summer Virtua Summit                                    Virtual
 3 Sep            SouthWest Securities Autumn Virtua Conference 2021           Virtual
 3 Sep            Nomura China Investor Forum Virtual Experience               Virtual
 7 Sep            Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia ESG Conference                   Virtual
 10 Sep           Jefferies Asia Forum                                         Virtual
 17 Sep           CLSA Investment Forum 2021                                   Virtual
 20 Oct           J.P. Morgan Asia Credit Conference                           Virtual
 4 Nov            Goldman Sachs China Conference 2021                          Virtual
 10 Nov           CITIC Securities Capital Market Forum 2022                  Shenzhen
 16 Nov           CICC Investment Forum 2021                                   Virtual
 18 Nov           Morgan Stanley 20th Annual Asia Pacific Summit               Virtual
 8 Dec            BOCI Corporate Day                                           Virtual
 10 Dec           Nomura Investment Forum 2021                                 Virtual
 14 Dec           GF Security Virtual Conference 2022                          Virtual




                                                                                         79
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  The Board is pleased to present the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended
  31 December 2021.

  Principal Activities

  The Company is an investment holding company and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in property
  development, construction, property investment, hotel operation, robot and agricultural businesses.

  An analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating results for the year ended 31 December 2021 by principal
  activities is set out in note 5 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group.

  Results

  The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in the audited consolidated income
  statement and the audited consolidated statement of comprehensive income of the Group on pages 122 to 123
  of this annual report.

  Business Review

  The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 is set out as below:

                                                                                             Page No. of this
                                           Section(s) in this Annual Report                    Annual Report


     a.     Fair review of the             Management Discussion and Analysis                        35 to 41
              Company’s business
     b.     Description of the principal   Management Discussion and Analysis                        35 to 41
              risks and uncertainties
              the Company is facing
     c.     Particulars of important       No such events since the year ended 31 December                 —
              events affecting the           2021
              Company that have
              occurred since the year
              ended 31 December
              2021 (if any)
     d.     Indication of likely future    Chairman Statement and Management Discussion          12 to 17 and
              development in the             and Analysis                                            35 to 41
              Company’s business
     e.     Analysis using financial key   Financial Summary, Financial Highlights and             33, 34 and
              performance indicators         Management Discussion and Analysis                      35 to 41




80
                        COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                                                                        Page No. of this
                                   Section(s) in this Annual Report                       Annual Report


f.   Discussion on the             Country Garden has always strived to operate            Not applicable
       Company’s                    environmentally, make efficient use of resources
       environmental policies       and foster a green living environment in property
       and performance              projects that we develop. Minimising adverse
                                    impact of construction and development as well as
                                    promoting green buildings and green offices are
                                    some of our most important environmental
                                    responsibilities.

                                   We stringently comply with legislations related to
                                    environmental protection in markets that we
                                    operate in, and take location specific
                                    environmental conditions into concern whenever
                                    we develop a project, to minimise our impact on
                                    the natural environment.

                                   Further information about the Company’s
                                     environmental policies and performance is
                                     described in the “Country Garden Sustainability
                                     Report 2021” (a standalone report).
g.   An account of the             Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of         35 to 41 and
       Company’s key                the Directors                                              80 to 109
       relationships with its
       employees, customers
       and suppliers and others
       that have a significant
       impact on the Company
       and on which the
       Company’s success
       depend
h.   Discussion on the             Corporate Governance Report and Report of the            56 to 79 and
       Company’s compliance         Directors                                                  80 to 109
       with the relevant laws
       and regulations that
       have a significant impact
       on the Company




                                                                                                            81
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  Final Dividend

  The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB10.12 cents (2020 final dividend: RMB24.98
  cents) per Share for the year ended 31 December 2021 to the Eligible Shareholders, with the Eligible
  Shareholders being given an option to elect to receive the final dividend all in new Shares or partly in new
  Shares and partly in cash or all in cash (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The total dividends for the year would be
  RMB31.10 cents per Share (2020 total dividends: RMB45.53 cents).

  The proposed final dividend shall be declared in RMB and distributed in HKD. The final dividend to be distributed
  in HKD will be converted from RMB at the average central parity rate of RMB to HKD as announced by the
  People’s Bank of China for the period from Monday, 30 May 2022 to Monday, 6 June 2022.

  The Scrip Dividend Scheme is subject to the Stock Exchange granting the listing of and permission to deal in the
  new Shares to be issued pursuant thereto.

  A circular giving full details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme together with the relevant form of election will be sent
  to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Friday, 8 July 2022. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and
  certificates for the new Shares (in case the Eligible Shareholders have elected to receive part or all their final
  dividend in the form of new Shares) will be dispatched to the Eligible Shareholders on or around Friday,
  12 August 2022.

  Property, Plant and Equipment

  Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out
  in note 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group.

  Borrowings
  Details of the borrowings during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in note 24 to the audited
  consolidated financial statements of the Group.

  Share Capital

  Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set
  out in note 25 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group.

  Adjustment to Conversion Price and Partial Repurchase of Convertible Bonds, Adjustment to Strike
  Price of Written Call Options and Issue of HKD3,900 million 4.95% Convertible Bonds Due 2026

  On 21 November 2018, the Company, Smart Insight International Limited (the “Issuer”, a wholly-owned subsidiary
  of the Company), J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C and The Hongkong and Shanghai
  Banking Corporation Limited (the “Joint Lead Managers”) entered into an agreement, under which the Joint Lead
  Managers agreed to subscribe for the 4.50% secured guaranteed convertible bonds due 2023 to be issued by
  the Issuer in the aggregate principal amount of HKD7,830 million (the “2023 Convertible Bonds”). On
  5 December 2018, the Issuer issued the 2023 Convertible Bonds in the principal amount of HKD7,830 million.
  The 2023 Convertible Bonds are listed on SGX. As at the date of this report, the 2023 Convertible Bonds may
  be converted into Shares at the latest modified conversion price of HKD10.47 per Share during the conversion
  period under the terms of the 2023 Convertible Bonds.



82
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




On 21 November 2018, the Issuer entered into call option transaction(s) involving the sale of call option(s) by the
Issuer to J.P. Morgan Securities plc and Goldman Sachs International or their respective affiliates with the initial
strike price of HKD17.908 (the “Written Call Option(s)”). As at the date of this report, the strike price of the
Written Call Options had been adjusted to the latest modified strike price of HKD14.89 per Written Call Option
and its total number had been adjusted from 696,666,627 to 718,624,601 Written Call Options. The Written Call
Options are exercisable only on their expiration dates ranging from 14 September 2023 to 24 November 2023.
The maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon physical settlement of the Written Call Options is
718,624,601 Shares as at the date of this report.

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Issuer had conducted partial repurchase of the 2023 Convertible
Bonds in the total amount of HKD4,524 million (the “Partial Repurchase”) on the SGX. Following settlement of the
Partial Repurchase, the 2023 Convertible Bonds partially repurchased had been cancelled. As at the date of this
report, the total outstanding amount of the issued 2023 Convertible Bonds is HKD3,000 million and the maximum
number of Shares that may be issued under the 2023 Convertible Bonds is 286,532,951 Shares. During the year
ended 31 December 2021, no Shares were issued under the 2023 Convertible Bonds.

Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 21 November 2018, 22 November 2018,
12 December 2018, 24 May 2019, 3 June 2019, 12 September 2019, 1 June 2020, 15 September 2020,
2 June 2021 and 13 September 2021, and the circular of the Company dated 11 April 2019 for further details.

On 20 January 2022, the Company, the Issuer and UBS AG Hong Kong Branch (the “Sole Bookrunner”) entered
into an agreement, under which the Sole Bookrunner agreed to subscribe for the 4.95% secured guaranteed
convertible bonds due 2026 to be issued by the Issuer in the aggregate principal amount of HKD3,900 million
(the “2026 Convertible Bonds”). On 28 January 2022, the Issuer issued the 2026 Convertible Bonds in the
principal amount of HKD3,900 million. The 2026 Convertible Bonds are listed on SGX. As at the date of this
report, the 2026 Convertible Bonds may be converted into 481,481,481 Shares at the initial conversion price of
HKD8.10 per Share during the conversion period under the terms of the 2026 Convertible Bonds, which was
determined with reference to the prevailing market price of the Shares (the market price per Share on
20 January 2022 was HKD6.96). The net proceeds from the issue of the 2026 Convertible Bonds was
approximately HKD3,861 million. In accordance with the intentions previously disclosed by the Company, part of
the net proceeds was applied for (1) partial repurchase of 4.75% senior notes due July 2022 and 4.75% senior
notes due January 2023 with principle amount of USD20.6 million and (2) USD47 million equivalent of interest
and coupon payment of the Company’s existing offshore indebtedness. The Company intends to apply the
remaining net proceeds which are not yet utilised for the refinancing of existing medium to long term offshore
indebtedness, which will become due within one year from the issuance of the convertible bond.

Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 21 January 2022 for further details.

Details of convertible bonds are set out in note 23 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group,
which form part of the disclosure in this report of the Directors.




                                                                                                                       83
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  Senior Notes and Corporate Bonds Issued

  During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has issued senior notes and corporate bonds as
  follows:

  (a)   Senior Notes
        (i)     On 12 January 2021, the Company issued USD500 million 2.7% senior notes due 2026 and USD700
                million 3.3% senior notes due 2031. In accordance with the intentions previously disclosed by the
                Company, the net proceeds after deducting the underwriting discount and other expenses payable by
                the Group in connection with the notes issue were used for refinancing existing medium to long term
                offshore indebtedness, which were to become due within one year.

                All the senior notes are listed on SGX.

        (ii)    On 18 May 2021, the Company issued USD500 million 3.125% senior notes due 2025. In accordance
                with the intentions previously disclosed by the Company, the net proceeds after deducting the
                underwriting discount and other expenses payable by the Group in connection with the notes issue
                were used for refinancing existing medium to long term offshore indebtedness, which were to become
                due within one year.

                All the senior notes are listed on SGX.

        (iii)   On 20 July 2021, the Company issued USD200 million 2.7% senior notes due 2026. In accordance
                with the intentions previously disclosed by the Company, the net proceeds after deducting the
                underwriting discount and other expenses payable by the Group in connection with the notes issue
                were used for refinancing existing medium to long term offshore indebtedness, which were to become
                due within one year.

                All the senior notes are listed on SGX.

  (b)   Corporate Bonds
        As at 31 December 2021, the aggregate par value of corporate bonds newly issued or refinanced by
        certain subsidiaries of the Group is RMB18,950 million. The Group received net proceeds of approximately
        RMB18,899 million in aggregate, which would be used for refinancing certain of the Group’s existing
        indebtedness and for general working capital purposes.

  During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has redeemed and partial repurchase senior notes as
  follows:

  (i)   On 25 January 2019, the Company issued USD550 million 7.125% senior notes due 2022 (the “2022 Notes”).
        The Company has redeemed all outstanding 2022 Notes at an aggregate principal amount of USD550
        million on 5 February 2021 (the “2022 Notes Redemption Date”) at the redemption price equals to
        103.5625% of the principal amount of the 2022 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not
        including) the 2022 Notes Redemption Date, the aggregate amount paid for such redemption was USD571
        million. The 2022 Notes had been cancelled and delisted from the SGX following the redemption. There are
        no outstanding 2022 Notes in issue.



84
                             COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




(ii)    On 28 September 2016, the Company issued USD650 million 4.75% senior notes due 2023 (the “2023
        Notes”). The Company has redeemed all outstanding 2023 Notes at an aggregate principal amount of
        USD650 million on 11 June 2021 (the “2023 Notes Redemption Date”) at the redemption price equals to
        102.3750% of the principal amount of the 2023 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not
        including) the 2023 Notes Redemption Date, the aggregate amount paid for such redemption was USD672
        million. The 2023 Notes had been cancelled and delisted from the SGX following the redemption. There are
        no outstanding 2023 Notes in issue.

(iii)   On 15 December 2016, the Company issued USD350 million 5.625% senior notes due 2026 (the “2026
        Notes”). The 2026 Notes are listed on the SGX. Certain holders of the 2026 Notes have exercised their put
        options under the terms of the 2026 Notes and accordingly, the Company has repurchased and cancelled
        a principal amount of USD26.31 million of the 2026 Notes on 15 December 2021 and the outstanding
        principal amount of the 2026 Notes is USD323.69 million.

(iv)    On 27 September 2018, the Company issued USD425 million 7.125% senior notes due 2022 (the “January
        2022 Notes”). The January 2022 Notes were listed on the SGX and matured on 27 January 2022. The
        Company repurchased an aggregate principal amount of USD14.1 million of the January 2022 Notes on
        30 December 2021 by private arrangement and repaid the outstanding amount in full with accrued interest
        on 27 January 2022. Following such repayment, no January 2022 Notes were outstanding and the January
        2022 Notes had been cancelled and delisted from the SGX accordingly.

Details of the senior notes and corporate bonds issued, redeemed or repurchased during the year ended
31 December 2021 and the outstanding senior notes and corporate bonds as at 31 December 2021 are set out
in notes 21 and 22 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, which form part of the
disclosure in this report of the Directors.

Equity Linked Agreements
Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Adjustment to Conversion Price and Partial Repurchase of Convertible
Bonds, Adjustment to Strike Price of Written Call Options and Issue of HKD3,900 million 4.95% Convertible
Bonds Due 2026”, “Share Option Schemes” and “Employee Incentive Scheme”, no equity linked agreements were
entered into during or subsisted at the end of the year ended 31 December 2021.

Directors’ Right to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Connected Transactions” and “Share Option Schemes”, at no time
during the year ended 31 December 2021 was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its
holding companies a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any body corporate.

Distributable Reserves

As at 31 December 2021, the distributable reserve of the Company amounted to approximately RMB6,922 million
(2020: approximately RMB7,819 million).

Details of the movements in reserves during the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in note 43 to the
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group.



                                                                                                                    85
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  Donations

  The total donations made by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2021 amounted to approximately
  RMB1,097 million (2020: approximately RMB1,574 million).

  Permitted Indemnity Provision

  The Articles of Association provide that every Director is entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the
  Company against all losses and damages which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the
  duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

  The Group has taken out and maintained directors’ liability insurance for the year ended 31 December 2021,
  which provides appropriate cover for the Directors.

  The permitted indemnity provisions were in force during the year ended 31 December 2021 for the benefit of the
  Directors.

  Financial Summary

  A financial summary of the Group is set out on page 33 of this annual report.

  Major Customers and Suppliers

  For the year ended 31 December 2021, revenue attributable to the largest customer of the Group amounted to
  approximately 0.12% of the total revenue of the year and the five largest customers of the Group accounted for
  less than 30% of the Group’s revenue of the year.

  For the year ended 31 December 2021, purchases attributable to the largest supplier of the Group amounted to
  approximately 2.07% of the total purchases in the year and the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for
  less than 30% of the Group’s purchases in the year.

  Directors’ and Shareholders’ Interests in Suppliers and Customers of the Group

  The Directors, their close associates and the Shareholders (who to the knowledge of the Directors own more
  than 5% of the issued Shares) did not have any interests in the five largest customers and suppliers of the
  Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.

  Management Contracts

  No contracts other than employment contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or
  any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended
  31 December 2021.




86
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Directors and Directors’ Service Contracts

The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (Chairman)
Ms. YANG Huiyan (Co-Chairman)
Mr. MO Bin (President)
Ms. YANG Ziying
Mr. YANG Zhicheng
Mr. SONG Jun
Mr. SU Baiyuan

Non-executive Director
Mr. CHEN Chong

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph
Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham
Mr. TONG Wui Tung
Mr. HUANG Hongyan
Mr. TO Yau Kwok

In accordance with article 84 of the Articles of Association, Ms. YANG Huiyan, Mr. MO Bin, Mr. YANG Zhicheng,
Mr. SU Baiyuan and Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-election at the 2022 AGM.

No Director proposed for re-election at the 2022 AGM has entered into a service contract with the Company or
any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the employing company within one year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation.




                                                                                                                87
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  Changes to Information in Respect of Directors

  In accordance with rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes to information required to be disclosed by the
  Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of rule 13.51(2) during the year ended 31 December 2021 and
  up to the date of this report are set out below:

  Directors’ other directorships held in public companies the securities of which are listed on any securities market
  in Hong Kong or overseas:

                                                                       Appointment             Cessation
     Directors’ Information                                            (effective)             (effective)


     Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham
     •    SJM Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 880)
          —      independent non-executive director                    —                       28 May 2021
          —      advisor                                               28 May 2021             —
     •     International Alliance Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
              (Stock Code: 1563)
          —      independent non-executive director                    28 July 2021            —
     •    Legislative Council
          —      member                                                —                       31 December 2021

     Mr. TONG Wui Tung
     •    Messrs. Ronald Tong & Co.
          —     partner                                                1 June 2021             —
     •    Messrs. Cheung, Tong & Rosa Solicitors
          —     partner                                                —                       31 July 2021
     •    Y. T. Realty Group Limited (Stock Code:75)
          —     company secretary                                      1 August 2021           —

     Mr. HUANG Hongyan
     •    Guangdong Shenling Environmental Systems Co., Ltd.
            (Shenzhen Stock Code: 301018)
          —    independent director                                    —                       13 September 2021

  Directors’ and Senior Management’s Emoluments and Five Highest Paid Individuals

  Details of the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, together with those of the five highest paid
  individuals of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set out in note 45 and note 31 to the
  audited consolidated financial statements of the Group and the section headed “Board Committees —
  Remuneration Committee” under the corporate governance report.

  The emolument payable to the Directors (including salary and other benefits) are recommended by the
  Remuneration Committee of the Company for the Board’s approval, having regard to the Group’s results,
  Directors’ performance, duties, etc.




88
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Directors’ Interests in Contracts of Significance

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”
and note 42 to the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group, no transactions, arrangements or
contracts of significance in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its
fellow subsidiaries or its holding companies was a party and in which a Director or his or her connected entities
had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of or at any time during the year
ended 31 December 2021.

Directors’ and Their Close Associates’ Interests in Competing Business

On 21 July 2021, the Company entered into the deeds of non-competition and indemnity (the “Deeds”) with
Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung and Ms. YANG Huiyan (collectively the “Covenantors”) to replace the original deeds of
non-competition (the “Original Deeds of Non-Competition”) entered into on 29 March 2007 with the Covenantors
and other then relevant covenantors (including Qingyuan CG and Qingyuan Country Cultural Development Co.,
Ltd.) prior to the listing of the shares of the Company in 2007. The Deeds have been considered and passed in
the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 22 December 2021 (the “Effective Date of the Deeds”), and
the Original Deeds of Non-Competition were terminated at the same time.

Prior to the Effective Date of the Deeds, pursuant to the Original Deeds of Non-Competition, the Covenantors and
other then relevant covenantors undertook to the Company that they will not, and will procure their respective
close associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) not to, directly or indirectly engage in businesses which will
or may compete with the land or property businesses and related businesses carried on or to be carried on by
the Group. Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (being Director), Ms. YANG Meirong (Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung’s close
associate) and Ms. ZHOU Shuting (Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung’s close associate) respectively and indirectly owned
52%, 45.20% and 0.40% interest in each of Qingyuan CG and Qingyuan Country Cultural Development Co., Ltd.,
which, being the covenantors of the Original Deeds of Non-Competition, have been engaging in businesses under
the restrictions of the Original Deeds of Non-Competition. The scope of business of these two companies is
limited: Qingyuan CG acts as the developer of the single Qingyuan Holiday Islands project situated in Qingyuan
which comprised a relatively modest number of villas, townhouses and low-rise apartments on a piece of land in
a countryside area and distanced from urbanisation, while Qingyuan Country Cultural Development Co., Ltd.
operates the Qingyuan Cultural Park located in Shijiao Town, Qingcheng District in Qingyuan with minimal assets.
The competition between Qingyuan CG and the Company is only in a technical sense, and in practice, the single
project owned by Qingyuan CG and the major property development business of the Company in Qingyuan are
quite different. After the Effective Date of the Deeds, although Qingyuan CG and Qingyuan Country Cultural
Development Co., Ltd. cease to be direct covenantors under the Original Deeds of Non-Competition, these
companies, being the close associates of Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, are still subject to the Deeds. The sole
director and supervisor of these two companies are Ms. ZHOU Shuting and Ms. YANG Meirong, respectively.
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company was independent of the business of these two
companies, and the Company and these two companies were operating their respective businesses at arm’s
length for their own interests.




                                                                                                                       89
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




  The Deeds redefine and broaden the scope of the restricted business. After the Effective Date of the Deeds, the
  Covenantors have unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken and warranted that they (i) will not, and will procure
  any of their respective close associates (other than members of the Group) not to, participate in or operate any
  business which directly or indirectly competes or may compete with business from time to time engaged in by the
  Group, other than: (a) the Group’s business; (b) investment which is not in the nature of a “business”; (c)
  business which the Group has newly engaged in that was not a restricted business and the Covenantors or their
  close associates have hitherto carried on or participated in or been interested in; and (d) any business segment
  or market which the Group will not invest in, as approved by a board committee comprising independent
  non-executive directors who do not have an interest in the business opportunity (the “Independent Board”) ((a)-(d)
  collectively, the “Exempted Business”) (the “Restricted Business”), or (ii) hold any interests or rights in any
  companies or businesses (other than the Group and the Exempted Business) which directly or indirectly so
  competes or may compete with the business of the Group except where they hold less than 5% of the total
  issued share capital in any company which competes with the business of the Group and have no right to
  appoint the majority of the board of directors thereof.

  Besides, the Deeds also formulate a competing business opportunity review mechanism, which requires the
  Covenantors and their close associates to first refer new business opportunity of the Restricted Business to the
  Company. In case the Company declines such business opportunity, the Covenantors and their close associates
  are entitled to accept such business opportunity upon passing the competing business opportunity review
  mechanism (including the approval by the Independent Board). Similarly, in case any restricted business
  opportunity offered by a third party is declined by the Company or the Company intends to sell a project and the
  Covenantors or their close associates wish to accept, they could participate in or operate relevant Restricted
  Business upon passing the competing business opportunity review mechanism (including the approval by the
  Independent Board). For those Restricted Business participated or operated by the Covenantors or their close
  associates upon passing the competing business opportunity review mechanism, the Company shall have the
  pre-emptive right thereof.

  The independent non-executive directors of the Company shall review, at least once every year, the performance
  of the Deeds by the Covenantors to confirm that they have complied with the terms of the Deeds. The Company
  has received confirmation letters from the Covenantors on the compliance with the terms of the Deeds by
  themselves and their close associates, confirming that all conditions and terms of the Deeds have been complied
  with from the Effective Date of the Deeds to 31 December 2021. In particular, Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung has not
  used the competing business opportunity review mechanism under the Deeds, while Ms. YANG Huiyan has only
  used the competing business opportunity review mechanism under the Deeds once for the share investment
  business opportunity of China Resources Vanguard (Holding) Company Limited (“Vanguard”). Vanguard is a
  leading enterprise in the domestic supermarket industry and owns more than 3,000 stores. As a subsidiary of the
  Company, Guangdong Biyouxuan Commercial Holding Co., Ltd (“Biyouxuan”) also engages in retail business in
  Mainland China with over 60 stores focusing on Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macao Greater Bay market,
  especially Guangzhou, Foshan, Shenzhen and Dongguan. Different from Vanguard, Biyouxuan acts as a
  community retail business unit and is only a community daily lives service brand for community and commercial
  support and meeting daily needs of residents in Country Garden community. Taking into account of, among other
  things, the fact that the Company’s capital shall first be used in the development of its major property business,
  and to secure capital turnover, the Independent Board has convened a meeting to review and decide that the
  Company would not participate in such business opportunity, and approved that Ms. YANG Huiyan is entitled to
  participate in or operate such business opportunity pursuant to the terms of the Deeds. As such, Ms. YANG
  Huiyan has participated in or operated such business opportunity, and holds 11.07% equity interests in Vanguard
  and is entitled to appoint a director thereof. The Company is independent of Vanguard’s business, and the
  Company and Vanguard operate their respective businesses at arm’s length for their own interests.



90
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




The Covenantors hereby declare that they have complied with all conditions and terms within the Deeds from the
Effective Date of the Deeds to 31 December 2021. The independent non-executive directors of the Company
have reviewed the confirmation letters form the Covenantors, and assessed whether the Covenantors and their
close associates have complied with the Deeds, and are satisfied that the Covenantors have complied with the
terms of the Deeds from the Effective Date of the Deeds to 31 December 2021.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors and their close associates was
considered to be interested in any business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly,
with the business of the Group.

Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions
Details of connected transactions and continuing connected transactions not exempted under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules are disclosed below.

(1)   Connected Transactions
      On 21 July 2021, the Company entered into the Deeds of non-competition and indemnity with Mr. YEUNG
      Kwok Keung and Ms. YANG Huiyan to replace the Original Deeds of Non-Competition entered into on 29
      March 2007 with them and other then relevant covenantors. The Deeds have been considered and passed
      in the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 22 December 2021 and the Original Deeds of
      Non-Competition were terminated at the same time. For further details on the Deeds, please refer to the
      section headed “Directors’ and Their Close Associates’ Interests in Competing Business” under this Report.

      Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung is the Chairman and an executive Director and Ms. YANG Huiyan is the Co-
      Chairman, an executive Director and a controlling Shareholder and thus each of them is a connected
      person of the Company. Accordingly, the entering into of the Deeds and the termination of the Original
      Deeds of Non-Competition constitute a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the
      Listing Rules.

      Details of the connected transaction is set out in the Company’s announcement dated 21 July 2021 and
      circular dated 6 December 2021.

(2)   Continuing Connected Transactions
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has entered into certain transactions which
      constitute continuing connected transactions (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Pursuant to
      the disclosure requirements in the annual report under rules 14A.49 and 14A.71 of the Listing Rules, details
      of these transactions are set out below:

      (a)   Agreements of Continuing Connected Transactions
            (i)   Design Services Agreement
                  Pursuant to the design services further supplemental agreement dated 22 August 2017 and the
                  2018 Design Services Supplemental Agreement dated 21 March 2018 entered into between
                  Shunde Country Garden and Elite Architectural, Elite Architectural agreed to provide survey
                  work, property design and interior design services to the Group on terms no less favourable
                  than those available to independent third parties for three years commencing from 1 January
                  2017 to 31 December 2019 which later extended for a further term of one year commencing on
                  1 January 2020 by virtue of the 2018 Design Services Supplemental Agreement.



                                                                                                                     91
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                  The engagement pursuant to the 2018 Design Services Supplemental Agreement expired on
                  31 December 2020. Accordingly, on 4 December 2020, Elite Architectural and Shunde Country
                  Garden entered into a further supplemental agreement (“2020 Design Services Supplemental
                  Agreement”), pursuant to which the 2018 Design Services Supplemental Agreement was
                  extended for a further term of three years commencing on 1 January 2021 with annual caps for
                  the fees for the relevant transactions being approximately RMB7,000 million, RMB7,700 million
                  and RMB8,400 million respectively for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023. For
                  the year ended 31 December 2021, the total amount of survey work, property design and
                  interior design services charged by Elite Architectural amounted to RMB3,869 million.

                  Shunde Country Garden is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and Ms. YANG Meirong
                  (Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung’s associate) indirectly owned more than 50% interest in Elite
                  Architectural. Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung is the Chairman and an executive Director, and Elite
                  Architectural is therefore a majority-controlled company indirectly held by the associate of
                  Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung. Elite Architectural is therefore a connected person of the Company
                  under the Listing Rules. Transactions contemplated under the 2020 Design Services
                  Supplemental Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
                  Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (ii)   Property Management Services Framework Agreement
                  As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 19 March 2018, the Company proposed to
                  spin-off and separately list CG Services, engaging in the property management business of the
                  Group then, on the main board of the Stock Exchange by way of introduction (the “Spin-off”).
                  CG Services was listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange on 19 June 2018. Following
                  the completion of the Spin-off, CG Services has become a 30%-controlled company indirectly
                  held by Ms. YANG Huiyan, the Co-Chairman, an executive Director and the controlling
                  Shareholder. As such, CG Services is an associate of Ms. YANG Huiyan and thus a connected
                  person of the Company.

                  On 1 June 2018, the Company entered into a property management services framework
                  agreement with CG Services, which sets out the principal terms of the property management
                  services to be provided by CG Services and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “CG Services
                  Group”) to the Group immediately after the Spin-off, in respect of the unsold property units and
                  the sold property units prior to the agreed delivery date set out in the relevant property
                  purchase contract for projects developed by the Group and managed by CG Services Group,
                  for a term commencing on 19 June 2018 until 31 December 2020 (the “2018 Property
                  Management Services Framework Agreement”).

                  Since the 2018 Property Management Services Framework Agreement expired on 31 December
                  2020, the Company entered into a new property management services framework agreement
                  with CG Services on 4 December 2020 (the “2020 Property Management Services Framework
                  Agreement”), for a term commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December 2023, which has
                  been approved by the independent shareholders of CG Services. The annual caps of
                  transactions contemplated under the 2020 Property Management Services Framework
                  Agreement are respectively RMB416 million, RMB493 million and RMB571 million for each of the




92
                 COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




        three years ending 31 December 2023. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the value of the
        property management services provided by the CG Services Group to the Group is RMB295
        million.

        Since CG Services is a connected person of the Company, transactions between the Group and
        the CG Services Group under the 2020 Property Management Services Framework Agreement
        therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of
        the Listing Rules.

(iii)   Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement
        On 18 September 2018, the Company entered into a sales and leasing agency services
        framework agreement with CG Services, which sets out the principal terms for the provision of
        sales and leasing agency services in respect of unsold parking spaces of the Group and
        provision of sales agency services in respect of unsold property units of the Group, by the CG
        Services Group to the Group for a term commencing on 18 September 2018 until
        31 December 2020 (the “2018 Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement”).

        Since the 2018 Sales and Leasing Agency Services Framework Agreement expired on
        31 December 2020, the Company entered into a new sales and leasing agency services
        framework agreement with CG Services on 4 December 2020 (the “2020 Sales and Leasing
        Agency Services Framework Agreement”), for a term commencing on 1 January 2021 until
        31 December 2023, which has been approved by independent shareholders of CG Services.
        The annual caps of transactions contemplated under the 2020 Sales and Leasing Agency
        Services Framework Agreement are respectively RMB700 million, RMB850 million and
        RMB1,000 million for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023. For the year ended
        31 December 2021, the value of the sales and leasing agency services in respect of unsold
        parking spaces of the Group and the sales agency services in respect of unsold property units
        of the Group provided by the CG Services Group to the Group is RMB632 million.

        Since CG Services is a connected person of the Company (see above), transactions between
        the Group and the CG Services Group under the 2020 Sales and Leasing Agency Services
        Framework Agreement therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
        under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

(iv)    Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement
        The consultancy and other services framework agreement dated 1 June 2018 (the “2018
        Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement”) and consultancy and other services
        supplemental agreement dated 18 September 2018 (the “2018 Consultancy and Other Services
        Supplemental Agreement”) were entered into between the Company and CG Services, which set
        out the principal terms of the consultancy and other services to be provided by CG Services
        Group to the Group, such as consultancy services to the on-site sales office of the Group and
        cleaning services for the properties developed by the Group before delivery to homeowners (the
        “Consultancy Services”), for a term commencing on 19 June 2018 until 31 December 2020.




                                                                                                         93
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                  The advertising and domestic services framework agreement dated 23 August 2019 (the
                  “Advertising and Domestic Services Framework Agreement”) was entered into between the
                  Company and CG Services, which set out the principal terms for the provision of advertising
                  services (which comprise installation, maintenance and dismantling services) by the CG Services
                  Group to the Group in relation to advertisements to be displayed at certain advertising spaces
                  located in the common areas of the property projects managed by the CG Services Group (the
                  “Advertising Services”) and domestic services including home cleaning, household appliances
                  cleaning, garden maintenance, home maintenance and other domestic services by the CG
                  Services Group to the purchasers of property units of the Group (the “Domestic Services”), for
                  a term commencing on 23 August 2019 until 31 December 2020.

                  On 18 March 2020, the Company entered into an elevators installation and other services
                  framework agreement with CG Services (the “Elevators Installation and Other Services
                  Framework Agreement”), which sets out the principal terms for provision of elevator products
                  installation, supporting services and other services to be provided by the CG Services Group to
                  the Group (the “Elevators Installation Services”), for a term commencing on 18 March 2020
                  until 31 December 2020.

                  Since the 2018 Consultancy and Other Services Framework Agreement, 2018 Consultancy and
                  Other Services Supplemental Agreement, Advertising and Domestic Services Framework
                  Agreement and Elevators Installation and Other Services Framework Agreement expired on
                  31 December 2020, the Company entered into a new consultancy and other services framework
                  agreement with CG Services on 4 December 2020 (the “2020 Consultancy and Other Services
                  Framework Agreement”), which sets out the principal terms for provision of the Consultancy
                  Services, the Advertising Services, the Domestic Services, the Elevators Installation Services and
                  other services (including technology services, after-sales maintenance and warranty services for
                  houses and buildings, turnkey furnishing services, hotel management services, institutional food
                  services, disinfection and pest control services and other services) to be provided by the CG
                  Services Group to the Group, for a term commencing on 1 January 2021 until 31 December
                  2023, which has been approved by independent shareholders of CG Services. The annual caps
                  of transactions contemplated under the 2020 Consultancy and Other Services Framework
                  Agreement are respectively RMB1,500 million, RMB1,800 million and RMB2,200 million for each
                  of the three years ending 31 December 2023. For the year ended 31 December 2021, fees
                  payable by the Group to the CG Services Group under the 2020 Consultancy and Other
                  Services Framework Agreement were RMB1,097 million.

                  Since CG Services is a connected person of the Company (see above), transactions between
                  the Group and the CG Services Group under the 2020 Consultancy and Other Services
                  Framework Agreement therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
                  under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




94
                       COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




      (v)    Property Lease Framework Agreement
             On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into a property lease framework agreement with CG
             Services, which sets out the principal terms for the leasing of properties including office spaces,
             shops, parking lots, etc. by the Group (as lessor) to the CG Services Group (as lessee) to be
             used for commercial service for a term commencing on 13 April 2021 until 31 December 2023
             (the “Property Lease Framework Agreement”). The annual caps of the rental income receivable
             by the Group from the CG Services Group under the Property Lease Framework Agreement are
             RMB143 million, RMB295 million and RMB439 million respectively for each of the three years
             ending 31 December 2023. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the rental income received
             by the Group from the CG Services Group is RMB64 million.

             Since CG Services is a connected person of the Company (see above), transactions between
             the Group and the CG Services Group under the Property Lease Framework Agreement
             therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of
             the Listing Rules.

      (vi)   Business Management Service Framework Agreement
             On 13 April 2021, the Company entered into a business management service framework
             agreement with CG Services, which sets out the principal terms for the provision of business
             planning and consulting, business solicitation, operation and corporate planning services by the
             CG Services Group to the Group for a term commencing on 13 April 2021 until 31 December
             2023 (the “Business Management Service Framework Agreement”). The annual caps of the
             service fees payable by the Group to the CG Services Group under the Business Management
             Service Framework Agreement are RMB420 million, RMB450 million and RMB480 million
             respectively for each of the three years ending 31 December 2023. For the year ended
             31 December 2021, the service fees paid by the Group to the CG Services Group is RMB246
             million.

             Since CG Services is a connected person of the Company (see above), transactions between
             the Group and the CG Services Group under the Business Management Service Framework
             Agreement therefore constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
             Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      The above continuing connected transactions are all subject to the reporting, annual review and
      announcement requirements but exempted from independent Shareholders’ approval requirement
      under the Listing Rules.

(b)   Annual Review of Continuing Connected Transactions
      Pursuant to rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed
      the continuing connected transactions and confirmed that the continuing connected transactions have
      been entered into:

      (i)    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;




                                                                                                                   95
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




              (ii)    on normal commercial terms or better or, if there were not sufficient comparable transactions to
                      judge whether they were on normal commercial terms or better, on terms no less favourable to
                      the Group than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third parties; and

              (iii)   according to the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and
                      in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

              For the purpose of rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the
              Company, has provided a letter to the Board, confirming that nothing has come to their attention that
              causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:

              (i)     have not been approved by the Board;

              (ii)    were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group if the
                      transactions involve the provision of goods or services by the Group;

              (iii)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
                      governing the transactions; and

              (iv)    have exceeded the cap.

        (c)   Others
              The connected transactions and continuing connected transactions disclosed above also constitute
              related party transactions under the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of
              significant related party transactions made during the year ended 31 December 2021 is disclosed in
              note 42 to the financial statements.

              Certain items under note 42(a) to the financial statements also constitute connected or continuing
              connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

              The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements as required by
              the Listing Rules in relation to the aforementioned connected or continuing connected transactions.

  Share Option Schemes

  (a)   2007 Share Option Scheme
        On 20 March 2007, the 2007 Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the then Shareholders
        for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date. The 2007 Share Option Scheme has expired
        on 19 March 2017. A summary of the principal terms of the 2007 Share Option Scheme is set out as
        follows:

        (i)   Purpose of the 2007 Share Option Scheme
              The purpose of the 2007 Share Option Scheme was to provide incentives to the participants.




96
                        COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




(ii)    Eligible Participants
        The participants of the 2007 Share Option Scheme were employees of the Company and its
        subsidiaries including the executive Directors and non-executive Directors.

(iii)   Grant of Options
        The Board was entitled at any time, within 10 years after the date of adoption of the 2007 Share
        Option Scheme, to make an offer of the grant of an option to any participant. Following the date of
        expiry of the 2007 Share Option Scheme, no subsequent options may be granted under the 2007
        Share Option Scheme.

(iv)    Payment on Acceptance of Option Offer
        HKD1.00 was payable by the participant to the Company on acceptance of the option offer as
        consideration for the grant within 28 days from the date upon which the option offer was made.

(v)     Subscription Price of Shares
        The subscription price of an option to subscribe for Shares granted pursuant to the 2007 Share
        Option Scheme was the highest of:

        •     the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
              date on which an option offer was made to a participant, which had to be a business day;

        •     the average of the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
              sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date on which an option offer was
              made; and

        •     the nominal value of a Share.

(vi)    Maximum Number of Shares Available for Subscription
        The total number of Shares which might be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under
        the 2007 Share Option Scheme must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in
        issue immediately following completion of the global offering and the capitalization issue of the
        Company. The 10% limit might be refreshed with the approval by ordinary resolution of the
        Shareholders. The maximum number of Shares which might be issued upon exercise of all
        outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2007 Share Option Scheme must not
        exceed 30% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time. As at 19 March 2017
        (the date of expiry of the 2007 Share Option Scheme), a total of 1,636,000,000 Shares (including
        options to subscribe for 14,061,871 Shares that have been granted but not yet lapsed or exercised
        as at that date) (representing approximately 7.66% of the issued share capital of the Company as at
        19 March 2017) were available for issue under the 2007 Share Option Scheme. As at 31 December
        2021, 5,699,319 options granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme remained outstanding. The
        number of Shares issued upon exercise of all these options represented approximately 0.02% of the
        issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2021.

(vii)   Maximum Entitlement of Shares of each Participant
        •     The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted under
              the 2007 Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company to each
              participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not
              exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.


                                                                                                                  97
     GOVERNANCE


     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




             •           Where Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options already granted and to be
                         granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the
                         Company (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) to a participant who is a
                         substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director, or any of his or her associate
                         in the 12-month period up to and including the date of grant, (1) representing in aggregate
                         more than 0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue; and (2) having an aggregate value,
                         based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each grant, in excess of
                         HKD5,000,000, the proposed grant of option must be approved by the Shareholders by poll in
                         general meeting.

        (viii) Option Period
             The exercise period of any option granted under the 2007 Share Option Scheme was not longer than
             10 years from the date of grant of the relevant option. The Board had the authority to determine the
             minimum period for which an option had to be held before it could be exercised.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, details of movements in the share options under the 2007
             Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                                    Options to subscribe for Shares
                                          Outstanding Granted Exercised Cancelled Lapsed Outstanding at Exercise price
                 Category and             at 1 January    during   during      during      during 31 December per Share
                 name of grantees                 2021 the year1 the year the year the year              2021      HKD Date of grant Exercisable period

                 Directors
                 Mr. YANG Zhicheng          1,515,933       —          —        —         —       1,515,933     4.773     13.12.2013   13.12.2018
                                                                                                                                           — 12.12.2023
                                            1,509,074       —    817,3662       —         —         691,708     3.332     16.03.2016   16.03.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 15.03.2026
                                              525,597       —          —        —         —         525,597     3.106     11.05.2016   11.05.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 10.05.2026
                                              449,031       —    449,0313       —         —              —      3.740     19.08.2016   19.08.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 18.08.2026
                 Mr. SONG Jun                 736,487       —    108,3102       —         —         628,177     3.332     16.03.2016   16.03.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 15.03.2026
                                            1,074,264       —          —        —         —       1,074,264     3.106     11.05.2016   11.05.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 10.05.2026
                                              816,050       —          —        —         —         816,050     3.740     19.08.2016   19.08.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 18.08.2026

                 Sub-total                  6,626,436       — 1,374,707         —         —       5,251,729

                 Employees of the Group       261,248       —          —        —         —         261,248     4.773     13.12.2013   13.12.2018
                                                                                                                                           — 12.12.2023

                 Sub-total                    261,248       —          —        —         —         261,248

                 Other participant4           186,342       —          —        —         —         186,342     3.332     16.03.2016   16.03.2021
                                                                                                                                           — 15.03.2026

                 Sub-total                    186,342       —          —        —         —         186,342

                 Total                      7,074,026       — 1,374,707         —         —       5,699,319


98
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




              Note:


              1.      During the year ended 31 December 2021, no share options were granted by the Company in accordance with the terms
                      of the 2007 Share Option Scheme.
              2.      The closing price of these Shares immediately before 16 April 2021 (the date on which the relevant share options were
                      exercised) was HKD9.69.
              3.      The closing price of these Shares immediately before 27 August 2021 (the date on which the relevant share options were
                      exercised) was HKD8.33.
              4.      The “Other participant” is a former Director.


(b)   2017 Share Option Scheme
      In view of the expiry of the 2007 Share Option Scheme on 19 March 2017, the 2017 Share Option
      Scheme was approved and adopted by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company
      held on 18 May 2017 for the period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date and ending 17 May
      2027. A summary of the principal terms of the 2017 Share Option Scheme is set out as follows:

      (i)     Purpose of the 2017 Share Option Scheme
              The purpose is to provide the people and the parties working for the interests of the Group with an
              opportunity to obtain equity interest in the Company, thus linking their interest with the interest of the
              Group and thereby providing them with incentives to work better for the interest of the Group and/or
              rewards for their contribution and support to the Group.

      (ii)    Eligible Participants
              The following persons are eligible to participate in the 2017 Share Option Scheme:

              •       any executive or non-executive directors of each member of the Group and their associates; and

              •       any full-time employees of each member of the Group.

      (iii)   Grant of Options
              The Board shall be entitled at any time and from time to time, within 10 years after the date of
              adoption of the 2017 Share Option Scheme, to make an offer of the grant of an option to any
              participant.

      (iv)    Payment on Acceptance of Option Offer
              HKD1.00 is payable by the participant to the Company on acceptance of the option offer as
              consideration for the grant within 28 days from the date upon which the option offer is made.

      (v)     Subscription Price of Shares
              The subscription price of an option to subscribe for Shares granted pursuant to the 2017 Share
              Option Scheme shall be at least the highest of:




                                                                                                                                               99
      GOVERNANCE


      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                 •    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the
                      date of grant, which must be a business day;

                 •    the price being the average of the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
                      daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and

                 •    the nominal or par value of a Share on the date of grant.

         (vi)    Maximum Number of Shares Available for Subscription
                 •    The total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under
                      the 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not
                      in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as at the adoption date (the
                      “Original Scheme Limit”), unless the Company obtains an approval from its Shareholders
                      pursuant to the scheme rules of the 2017 Share Option Scheme.

                 •    The Company may seek approval of its Shareholders in general meeting for refreshing the Original
                      Scheme Limit.

                 •    The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
                      granted and yet to be exercised under the 2017 Share Option Scheme and any other share
                      option schemes of the Company must not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue
                      from time to time.

                 •    As at the date of this report, a total number of 2,075,077,175 Shares (including options to
                      subscribe for 19,290,720 Shares that have been granted but not yet lapsed or exercised)
                      (representing approximately 8.96% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the date of
                      this report) were available for issue under the 2017 Share Option Scheme.

         (vii)   Maximum Entitlement of Shares of each Participant
                 •    Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon
                      exercise of all options granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme or any other share option
                      schemes of the Company to each participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding
                      options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue.

                 •    Where any proposed grant of options would result in Shares issued and to be issued upon
                      exercise of all options already granted and to be granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme
                      and any other share option scheme of the Company (including options exercised, cancelled and
                      outstanding) to a participant who is a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive
                      Director, or their respective associates in the 12-month period up to and including the date of
                      grant, (1) representing in aggregate more than 0.1% of the total number of Shares in issue; and
                      (2) having an aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Shares at the date of each
                      grant, in excess of HKD5,000,000, the proposed grant of option must be approved by the
                      Shareholders by poll in general meeting.




100
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




(viii) Option Period
     The period within which the options must be exercised will be specified by the Company at the time
     of grant. This period shall not be longer than 10 years from the date of grant, but subject to the
     provisions for early termination thereof under the 2017 Share Option Scheme. The Board may also
     provide restrictions on the exercise of an option during the period an option may be exercised. Unless
     otherwise determined by the Board and specified in the offer letter at the time of the grant, there is
     neither any performance target that needs to be achieved by the grantee before an option can be
     exercised nor any minimum period for which an option must be held before the option can be
     exercised.

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, details of movements in the share options under the 2017
     Share Option Scheme are as follows:

                                                      Options to subscribe for Shares
                                                                                                      Exercise
                            Outstanding    Granted Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding at   price per
       Category and         at 1 January during the during the during the during the 31 December         Share Date of     Exercisable
       name of grantees             2021      year1       year       year       year          2021        HKD grant2       period


       Directors
       Mr. MO Bin                    — 11,698,466 11,698,4663          —           —            —      9.7300 26.03.2021   26.03.2021 –
                                                                                                                              25.03.2031
       Mr. YANG Zhicheng        484,454         —          —           —           —       484,454      8.250 22.05.2017   22.05.2022 —
                                                                                                                              21.05.2027
                                495,084         —          —           —           —       495,084     10.100 24.08.2017   24.08.2022 —
                                                                                                                              23.08.2027
                                205,255         —          —           —           —       205,255     12.980 08.12.2017   08.12.2022 —
                                                                                                                              07.12.2027
                                434,145         —          —           —           —       434,145      9.654 06.12.2018   06.12.2023 —
                                                                                                                              05.12.2028
                                348,158         —          —           —           —       348,158     12.044 25.03.2019   25.03.2024 —
                                                                                                                              24.03.2029
                                429,995         —          —           —           —       429,995     12.408 09.05.2019   09.05.2024 —
                                                                                                                              08.05.2029
                                744,899         —          —           —           —       744,899      9.834 23.08.2019   23.08.2024 —
                                                                                                                              22.08.2029
                                432,848         —          —           —           —       432,848     11.092 05.12.2019   05.12.2024 —
                                                                                                                              04.12.2029
                                237,303         —          —           —           —       237,303     10.040 12.05.2020   12.05.2025 —
                                                                                                                              11.05.2030
                                189,361         —          —           —           —       189,361     10.160 24.07.2020   24.07.2025 —
                                                                                                                              23.07.2030
                                248,853         —          —           —           —       248,853     10.332 03.12.2020   03.12.2025 —
                                                                                                                              02.12.2030
                                     —     644,397         —           —           —       644,397      9.730 26.03.2021   26.03.2026 —
                                                                                                                              25.03.2031




                                                                                                                                           101
      GOVERNANCE


      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




                                                             Options to subscribe for Shares
                                                                                                             Exercise
                                  Outstanding    Granted Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding at    price per
             Category and         at 1 January during the during the during the during the 31 December          Share Date of     Exercisable
             name of grantees             2021      year1       year       year       year          2021         HKD grant2       period


             Mr. SONG Jun            1,157,991          —         —           —           —     1,157,991      8.250 22.05.2017   22.05.2022 —
                                                                                                                                     21.05.2027
                                      483,325           —         —           —           —      483,325      10.100 24.08.2017   24.08.2022 —
                                                                                                                                     23.08.2027
                                      454,562           —         —           —           —      454,562      12.980 08.12.2017   08.12.2022 —
                                                                                                                                     07.12.2027
                                      421,667           —         —           —           —      421,667      16.460 21.03.2018   21.03.2023 —
                                                                                                                                     20.03.2028
                                      258,092           —         —           —           —      258,092      16.280 10.05.2018   10.05.2023 —
                                                                                                                                     09.05.2028
                                      202,300           —         —           —           —      202,300      12.240 22.08.2018   22.08.2023 —
                                                                                                                                     21.08.2028
                                      185,762           —         —           —           —      185,762       9.654 06.12.2018   06.12.2023 —
                                                                                                                                     05.12.2028
                                       66,723           —         —           —           —       66,723      12.044 25.03.2019   25.03.2024 —
                                                                                                                                     24.03.2029
                                      294,537           —         —           —           —      294,537       9.834 23.08.2019   23.08.2024 —
                                                                                                                                     22.08.2029
                                      206,292           —         —           —           —      206,292      11.092 05.12.2019   05.12.2024 —
                                                                                                                                     04.12.2029
                                      109,619           —         —           —           —      109,619      10.040 12.05.2020   12.05.2025 —
                                                                                                                                     11.05.2030
                                      291,254           —         —           —           —      291,254      10.160 24.07.2020   24.07.2025 —
                                                                                                                                     23.07.2030
                                      130,535           —         —           —           —      130,535      10.332 03.12.2020   03.12.2025 —
                                                                                                                                     02.12.2030
             Mr. SU Baiyuan          1,135,435          —         —           —           —     1,135,435      8.250 22.05.2017   22.05.2022 —
                                                                                                                                     21.05.2027
                                      526,868           —         —           —           —      526,868      16.460 21.03.2018   21.03.2023 —
                                                                                                                                     20.03.2028
                                      320,165           —         —           —           —      320,165      12.408 09.05.2019   09.05.2024 —
                                                                                                                                     08.05.2029
                                      176,545           —         —           —           —      176,545      10.040 12.05.2020   12.05.2025 —
                                                                                                                                     11.05.2030
                                            —     901,113         —           —           —      901,113       9.730 26.03.2021   26.03.2026 —
                                                                                                                                     25.03.2031

             Sub-total              10,672,027 13,243,976 11,698,466          —           —    12,217,537

             Employee of the                —    6,955,657        —           —           —     6,955,657      9.600 08.06.2021   08.06.2021 —
               Group                                                                                                                 07.06.2031

             Sub-total                      —    6,955,657        —           —           —     6,955,657

             Other participant5       117,526           —         —           —           —      117,526       8.250 22.05.2017   22.05.2022 —
                                                                                                                                     21.05.2027

             Sub-total                117,526           —         —           —           —      117,526

             Total                  10,789,553 20,199,633 11,698,466          —           —    19,290,720

102
                                 COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




           Notes:


           1.       During the year ended 31 December 2021, share options of 20,199,633 Shares with a fair value on the grant dates of
                    approximately RMB163 million were granted by the Company to eligible persons in accordance with the terms of the 2017
                    Share Option Scheme.
           2.       The closing prices of the Shares immediately before the dates of grant of 26 March 2021 and 8 June 2021 were HKD9 and
                    HKD9.35 respectively.
           3.       The closing price of these Shares immediately before 12 April 2021 (the date on which the relevant share options were
                    exercised) was HKD9.83.
           4.       The total value of the share options granted under the 2017 Share Option Scheme are not fully recognised in the financial
                    statements of the Company until they are vested. The Directors consider that it is not appropriate to disclose the value of
                    the share options granted to the participants during the year, since any valuation of such share options would be subject
                    to a number of assumptions that would be subjective and uncertain.
           5.       The “Other participant” is a former Director.


Employee Incentive Scheme

The trust deed in respect of the Employee Incentive Scheme for rewarding the contribution of the senior
management and employees of the Group which excludes any connected persons of the Company, together with
the scheme rules, were approved by the Board. The purpose of the Employee Incentive Scheme is to provide the
participants with an opportunity to hold a personal stake in the Company so as to motivate such participants and
to enhance their performance and efficiency. The trustee of the Employee Incentive Scheme is Power Great
Enterprises Limited (“Power Great”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. During the year ended
31 December 2021, Power Great had been distributed 8,789,232 and 10,028,345 Shares, and fractional
entitlements of 199 and 269 Shares under the scrip dividend scheme in relation to the 2020 final dividend and
the 2021 interim dividend of the Company respectively. Except as disclosed, it had not acquired any Shares by
other way. During the year ended 31 December 2021, share awards for 32,594,406 Shares were granted under
the Employee Incentive Scheme subject to completion of registration and transfer procedures pursuant to the
terms of Employee Incentive Scheme. As at 31 December 2021, the total number of Shares in relation to share
awards that were granted under the Employee Incentive Scheme was 184,437,920 Shares (being the net number
of the Shares after deduction of the exercised and lapsed share awards). As at 31 December 2021, the
cumulative total number of the Shares held by Power Great under the Employee Incentive Scheme was
289,205,333 Shares (including Shares which had been granted to the relevant employees with the registration
and transfer procedures yet to be completed) (31 December 2020: 281,926,904 Shares). Details of the employee
share schemes (including the Employee Incentive Scheme) during the year are set out in note 26 to the audited
consolidated financial statements of the Group.

The Board will continue to monitor the Employee Incentive Scheme for motivating the senior management and
employees of the Group and consider when it may be appropriate and/or desirable to modify or replace the
Employee Incentive Scheme with and/or adopt any other incentive scheme.




                                                                                                                                                  103
      GOVERNANCE


      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
      Debentures
      The Directors and chief executive of the Company who held office at 31 December 2021 had the following
      interests in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporation (within
      the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the
      SFO or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code:

      Long positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company


                                                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                                                                                        total issued
                                                                                          Number of                    Shares as at       Amount of
                                                                           Number of      underlying                   31 December       debentures
           Name of Directors                  Capacity                    Shares held    Shares held            Total           2021           held


           Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung               Interest of controlled              —               —                —               —         USD
                                                 corporation                                                                         585,000,0001
           Ms. YANG Huiyan                    Interest of controlled 14,179,076,9952              —    14,179,076,995         61.25%           —
                                                 corporation
           Mr. MO Bin                         Beneficial owner            86,591,006              —       86,591,006           0.37%            USD
                                                                                                                                          30,000,000
           Ms. YANG Ziying                    Interest of controlled               —              —                —               —            USD
                                                 corporation                                                                             18,000,0003
           Mr. YANG Zhicheng                  Beneficial owner              1,338,799     7,627,9904        8,966,789          0.03%              —
           Mr. SONG Jun                       Beneficial owner                108,310     6,781,1504        6,889,460          0.02%              —
           Mr. SU Baiyuan                     Beneficial owner                480,331     3,060,1264        3,540,457              —              —
                                              Interest of spouse             462,2095             —           462,209              —              —
                                                                                                            4,002,666          0.01%
           Mr. CHEN Chong                     Interest of spouse       14,179,076,9956            —    14,179,076,995         61.25%               —
           Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph               Beneficial owner               1,112,522            —         1,112,522          0.01%               —
           Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham          Beneficial owner               1,176,178            —         1,176,178          0.01%               —
           Mr. TONG Wui Tung                  Beneficial owner               1,014,786            —         1,014,786          0.01%               —

      Notes:


      1.       The amount of debentures represents the debentures held by Fine Nation Group Limited in which Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung beneficially
               owns the entire issued share capital.
      2.       These Shares represent Shares held by Concrete Win Limited in which Ms. YANG Huiyan beneficially owns the entire issued share capital.
      3.       The amount of debentures represents the debentures held by Shiny Dragon Assets Limited in which Ms. YANG Ziying beneficially owns the
               entire issued share capital.
      4.       The relevant interests are unlisted physically settled options granted pursuant to the Share Option Schemes. Upon exercise of the share
               options in accordance with the Share Option Schemes, ordinary shares of HKD0.10 each in the share capital of the Company are
               issuable. The share options are personal to the respective Directors. Further details of the share options are set out in the section of
               “Share Option Schemes” of this report.
      5.       These Shares represent Shares held by Ms. LIU Qing who is the spouse of Mr. SU Baiyuan.
      6.       These Shares represent Shares held by Ms. YANG Huiyan who is the spouse of Mr. CHEN Chong.




104
                                    COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2021, none of the Directors, their spouse or
children under the age of 18 had any rights to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company, nor has
any of them exercised such rights.

Interests and Short Positions of Shareholders Disclosable Under the SFO

As at 31 December 2021, according to the register kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, the
following companies and persons, other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company, had long
positions of 5% or more in the Shares and underlying Shares which fell to be disclosed to the Company under
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

Long positions in the Shares


                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                            total issued
                                                                                                    Number of              Shares as at
                                                                                                      ordinary             31 December
     Name of Shareholders                                    Capacity                              Shares held                      2021


     Concrete Win Limited                                    Beneficial owner                  14,179,076,9951                      61.25%
     Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of                    Interest of controlled             1,797,751,0002                      7.76%2
       China, Ltd.                                              corporation
     Ping An Life Insurance Company of                       Beneficial owner                 1,797,751,0002, 3                   7.76%2, 3
       China, Ltd.

Notes:


*        As at 31 December 2021, the total number of the issued Shares is 23,148,390,946 Shares.


1.       These Shares are held by Concrete Win Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is beneficially owned by Ms. YANG Huiyan.
2.       Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. is a joint stock limited company incorporated in the PRC, the H shares of which are
         listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2318) and the A shares of which are listed on the Shanghai Stock
         Exchange (Stock Code: 601318). Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the 1,797,751,000
         Shares (held and managed by its indirectly wholly owned subsidiary, Ping An of China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Company Limited
         as investment manager), the 1,797,751,000 Shares were beneficially owned by its 99.51% owned subsidiary, Ping An Life Insurance
         Company of China, Ltd.. Disclosure of the number of ordinary Shares held is made pursuant to the last Disclosure of Interests notice as
         of 31 December 2021 (date of relevant event: 12 August 2021).
3.       These Shares are beneficially owned by Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd.. Disclosure of the number of ordinary Shares held
         is made pursuant to the last Disclosure of Interests notice as of 31 December 2021 (date of relevant event: 12 August 2021).


Save as disclosed above, the Company has not been notified by any other person (other than the Directors and
chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short positions of 5% or more in the Shares and
underlying Shares for the year ended 31 December 2021 which fell to be disclosed to the Company under
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                   105
      GOVERNANCE


      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities
      During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Issuer partially repurchased and cancelled the 2023 Convertible
      Bonds in the total amount of HKD4,524 million from SGX, for further details, please refer to the section headed
      “Adjustment to Conversion Price and Partial Repurchase of Convertible Bonds, Adjustment to Strike Price of
      Written Call Options and Issue of HKD3,900 million 4.95% Convertible Bonds Due 2026” in this report of the
      Directors.

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, bought back, sold or redeemed any of the
      Shares during the year ended 31 December 2021. For details of purchase, sale or redemption by the Company
      or any of its subsidiaries of its other listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2021, please refer to
      the notes 21, 22 and 23 to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” of this annual report.

      Pre-Emptive Rights
      There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the law of the Cayman Islands,
      being the jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, under which the Company would be obliged to
      offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

      Disclosure under Rule 13.18 of the Listing Rules
      On 17 October 2017, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a facility agreement (the “2017 Facility
      Agreement”) with, inter alia, various banks and financial institutions as lenders (the “2017 Facility Lenders”) and
      China Construction Bank Corporation, Hong Kong Branch, as the facility agent, pursuant to which the 2017
      Facility Lenders have agreed to make available a dual tranche transferable term loan facility denominated in HKD
      and USD in an amount of HKD2,454 million and USD945 million (increased from USD935 million to USD945
      million with effect from 17 January 2018 as allowed by the terms of the 2017 Facility Agreement), respectively
      (collectively, the “2017 Loans”) to the Company for a term of four years commencing from the date of the 2017
      Facility Agreement. The 2017 Loans obtained under the 2017 Facility Agreement shall be applied by the
      Company for financing the general corporate purposes of the Group. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 Facility
      Agreement, among others, (i) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall be the largest
      beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (ii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok
      Keung, in aggregate, shall beneficially own at least 40% of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (iii)
      Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung shall have control over the Company; and (iv) either Mr. YEUNG
      Kwok Keung or Ms. YANG Huiyan shall be the chairperson of the Board. Failure to comply with any of the above
      requirements will constitute a prepayment event under the 2017 Facility Agreement. All the outstanding loans,
      accrued interest, all other amounts due and payable under the 2017 Facility Agreement have been fully repaid on
      28 July 2021.

      On 28 December 2018, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a facility agreement (the “2018 Facility
      Agreement”) with, inter alia, various banks and financial institutions as lenders (the “2018 Lenders”), Industrial and
      Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited as the facility agent and The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
      Corporation Limited and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited as the mandated lead arrangers
      and bookrunners and coordinators, pursuant to which the 2018 Lenders have agreed to make available a dual
      tranche transferable term loan facility denominated in HKD and USD in an amount of HKD3,970 million (increased
      from HKD3,470 million to HKD3,970 million with effect from 19 March 2019 as allowed by the term of the 2018
      Facility Agreement) and USD560.5 million (increased from USD486 million to USD560.5 million with effect from
      15 January 2019 as allowed by the term of the 2018 Facility Agreement), respectively (collectively, the “2018
      Loans”) to the Company for terms of 36 months commencing from the date of the 2018 Facility Agreement for
      the Tranche A1 Facility (as defined in the 2018 Facility Agreement) and Tranche A2 Facility (as defined in the
      2018 Facility Agreement) and 24 months commencing from the date of the 2018 Facility Agreement for the
      Tranche B1 Facility (as defined in the 2018 Facility Agreement) and Tranche B2 Facility (as defined in the 2018
      Facility Agreement). The 2018 Lenders may at their discretion extend the 2018 Loans upon the borrower’s written
106
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




request in accordance with the 2018 Facility Agreement. On 28 December 2021, the Company and the 2018
Lenders have agreed to extend a majority of the 2018 Loans for one year. The 2018 Loans obtained under the
2018 Facility Agreement shall be applied by the Company for refinancing any existing indebtedness of the Group.
Pursuant to the terms of the 2018 Facility Agreement, among others, (i) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok
Keung, in aggregate, shall be the largest beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (ii)
Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall beneficially own at least 40% of the entire
issued share capital of the Company; (iii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung shall have control over
the Company; and (iv) either Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung or Ms. YANG Huiyan shall be the chairperson of the
Board. Failure to comply with any of the above requirements will constitute a prepayment event under the 2018
Facility Agreement.

On 23 July 2019, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a facility agreement (the “2019 Facility
Agreement”) with various financial institutions as the original lenders (the “2019 Original Lenders”) and Bank of
China (Hong Kong) Limited as the facility agent, pursuant to which the 2019 Original Lenders have agreed to
make available a dual tranche transferrable term loan facilities with a greenshoe option denominated in HKD and
USD in an amount of HKD4,300 million and USD826 million (increased from USD626 million to USD826 million
with effect from 23 October 2019 as allowed by the term of the 2019 Facility Agreement), respectively
(collectively, the “2019 Loans”) to the Company for a term of 48 months commencing from the date of the 2019
Facility Agreement. The 2019 Loans obtained under the 2019 Facility Agreement shall be applied by the
Company for refinancing any other existing offshore financial indebtedness owed by the Company or any member
of the Group and financing costs and expenses to be incurred under the 2019 Facility Agreement. Pursuant to
the terms of the 2019 Facility Agreement, among others, (i) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in
aggregate, shall be the largest beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (ii) Ms. YANG
Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall beneficially own at least 40% of the entire issued share
capital of the Company; (iii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung shall have control over the
Company; and (iv) either Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung or Ms. YANG Huiyan shall be the chairperson of the Board.
Failure to comply with any of the above requirements will constitute a prepayment event under the 2019 Facility
Agreement.

On 21 October 2020, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a facility agreement (the “2020 Facility
Agreement”) with various financial institutions as the original lenders (the “2020 Facility Original Lenders”) and
Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited as the facility agent, pursuant to which the 2020 Facility Original Lenders
have agreed to make available a dual tranche term loan facilities with a lender accession option denominated in
HKD and USD in an amount of HKD8,133.3 million and USD453 million, respectively (collectively, the “2020
Loans”) to the Company for a term of 48 months commencing from the date of the 2020 Facility Agreement. The
2020 Loans obtained under the 2020 Facility Agreement shall be applied by the Company for refinancing in full
the loan made available to the Company pursuant to a facility agreement dated 8 December 2016; and
refinancing any other existing offshore financial indebtedness of the Group and financing costs and expenses to
be incurred under the 2020 Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Facility Agreement, among
others, (i) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall be the largest beneficial owner of
the entire issued share capital of the Company; (ii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in
aggregate, shall beneficially own at least 40% of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (iii) Ms. YANG
Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung shall have control over the Company; and (iv) either Mr. YEUNG Kwok
Keung or Ms. YANG Huiyan shall be the chairperson of the Board. Failure to comply with any of the above
requirements will constitute a prepayment event under the 2020 Facility Agreement.

On 22 July 2021, the Company, as the borrower, entered into a facility agreement (the “2021 Facility
Agreement”) with various financial institutions as the original lenders (the “2021 Original Lenders”), pursuant to
which the 2021 Original Lenders have agreed to make available a dual tranche term loan facilities denominated in
HKD and USD in an amount of HKD6,076 million and USD559 million, respectively (collectively, the “2021 Loans”)
to the Company for a term of 48 months commencing from the date of the 2021 Facility Agreement. The 2021
Loans obtained under the 2021 Facility Agreement shall be applied by the Company for refinancing in full the loan
                                                                                                                     107
      GOVERNANCE


      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




      made available to the Company pursuant to a facility agreement dated 17 October 2017; and refinancing any
      other existing offshore financial indebtedness of the Group and financing costs and expenses to be incurred
      under the 2021 Facility Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Facility Agreement, among others, (i)
      Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall be the largest beneficial owner of the entire
      issued share capital of the Company; (ii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, in aggregate, shall
      beneficially own at least 40% of the entire issued share capital of the Company; (iii) Ms. YANG Huiyan and
      Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung shall have control over the Company; and (iv) either Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung or
      Ms. YANG Huiyan shall be the chairperson of the Board. Failure to comply with any of the above requirements
      will constitute a prepayment event under the 2021 Facility Agreement.

      Corporate Governance

      Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance
      Report contained in this annual report.

      Sufficiency of Public Float

      Rules 8.08(1)(a) and (b) of the Listing Rules require there to be an open market in the securities for which listing
      is sought and for a sufficient public float of an issuer’s listed securities to be maintained. This normally means
      that (i) at least 25% of the issuer’s total number of issued shares must at all times be held by the public; and (ii)
      where an issuer has more than one class of securities apart from the class of securities for which listing is
      sought, the total amount of securities of the issuer held by the public (on all regulated market(s) including the
      Stock Exchange) at the time of listing must be at least 25% of the issuer’s total number of issued shares.

      However, the class of securities for which listing is sought must not be less than 15% of the issuer’s total
      number of issued shares for issuers having an expected market capitalization at the time of listing of not less
      than HKD125 million (the requirement was HKD50 million at the time of listing of the Company).

      The Group has applied to the Stock Exchange to request the Stock Exchange to exercise, and the Stock
      Exchange exercised its discretion under rule 8.08(1)(d) of the Listing Rules to accept a lower public float
      percentage of the Company of 15% (assuming the over-allotment option would not be exercised) or such higher
      percentage of 16.87%, which represented the issued share capital as would have been held by the public in the
      event that the whole or a part of the over-allotment option had been exercised (the over-allotment option was
      exercised by the Company, which had an expected market capitalization at the time of listing of over HKD10,000
      million), on the basis that the Stock Exchange was satisfied that the number of Shares concerned and the extent
      of their distribution would enable the market to operate properly with the lower percentage, and on the condition
      that the Company would make appropriate disclosure of the lower prescribed percentage of public float in the
      prospectus of the Company issued on 3 April 2007 and confirm the sufficiency of public float in its successive
      annual reports after listing. At the time of listing of the Company on 20 April 2007, the market capitalization of the
      Company exceeded HKD10,000 million.

      Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as
      at the date of this annual report, the Directors confirm that the Company has maintained the amount of public
      float as required under the Listing Rules.




108
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Auditor
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers. A resolution for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the Company’s
auditor for the ensuing year is to be proposed at the 2022 AGM.

Professional Tax Advice Recommended
If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in, or
the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult an expert.

Closure of Registers of Members
For the purposes of determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2022 AGM, and the
Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the registers of members of the Company
(“Registers of Members”) will be closed as appropriate as set out below:

(i)    For determining the Shareholders’ eligibility to attend, speak and vote at the 2022 AGM:

        Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                               At 4:30 p.m. on
          with the Company’s branch share registrar and                                 Thursday, 19 May 2022
          transfer office in Hong Kong
        Closure of the Registers of Members                                             Friday, 20 May 2022 to
                                                                                        Thursday, 26 May 2022
                                                                                            (both days inclusive)

(ii)   Subject to the passing of the final dividend proposal agenda at the 2022 AGM, for determining the
       Eligible Shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend:

        Ex-dividend date                                                                  Tuesday, 7 June 2022
        Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration                             At 4:30 p.m. on
          with the Company’s branch share registrar and                               Wednesday, 8 June 2022
          transfer office in Hong Kong
        Closure of the Registers of Members                                           Thursday, 9 June 2022 to
                                                                                          Friday, 10 June 2022
                                                                                           (both days inclusive)
        Record Date                                                                        Friday, 10 June 2022

For purposes mentioned above, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong
Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong no
later than the aforementioned latest time.

For and on behalf of the Board
YEUNG Kwok Keung
Chairman

Foshan, Guangdong Province, the PRC, 30 March 2022

                                                                                                                      109
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




  To the Shareholders of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited
  (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

      Opinion

      What we have audited
      The consolidated financial statements of Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and its
      subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 120 to 256, comprise:

      •    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2021;

      •    the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

      •    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

      •    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

      •    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended; and

      •    the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
           explanatory information.

      Our opinion
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
      position of the Group as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
      consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
      (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly
      prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
      Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
      the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
      opinion.




112
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•    Recognition of revenue from sales of properties over time

•    Assessment of net realisable value of properties under development and completed properties held for sale




                                                                                                                     113
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Recognition of revenue from sales of properties To address this key audit matter, we performed audit
      over time                                       procedures as follows:

      Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and In assessing the appropriateness of management’s
      judgements’ and note 5 ‘Revenue and segment judgements as to whether the Group has the enforceable
      information’ to the consolidated financial statements.  right to payment in those sales contracts where revenue
                                                              is recognised over time, we have:
      Revenue from sales of properties is recognised over
      time when the Group’s performance under a sales (i)            Understood and evaluated management’s
      contract does not create an asset with an alternative          procedures in identifying sales contracts with or
      use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable              without right to payment.
      right to payment for performance completed to date;
      otherwise, the revenue is recognised at a point in time (ii)   Reviewed the key terms of a sample of sales
      when the buyer obtains control of the completed                contracts    to assess the presence of right to
      property. For the year ended 31 December 2021,                 payment based on the contract terms.
      revenue of the Group from sales of properties was (iii)        Obtained and reviewed the opinion of the Group’s
      RMB507,478 million, of which RMB86,817 million was             legal counsel, in particular, the legal counsel’s
      recognised on the over time basis.                             interpretation of the applicable laws and their
      For all property sales, the Group may not change or                  implication on the assessment of the enforceability
      substitute the property unit or redirect the property unit           of the right to payment.
      for another use due to the contractual restrictions with     (iv)    Assessed the competence, capabilities and
      the buyer and thus the property unit does not have an                objectivity of the legal counsel engaged by the
      alternative use to the Group. Significant management’s               management.
      judgements were involved in determining whether there
      is an enforceable right to payment which depends on          In respect of the completeness of the estimated total
      the terms of sales contract and the interpretation of the    contract costs and the accuracy of progress towards
      applicable laws governing the sales contracts. The           complete satisfaction of the performance obligation, we
      Group obtained legal counsel opinion regarding the           have:
      enforceability of the right to payment for sales
      contracts. Management uses judgements in interpreting        (i)     Compared the actual costs of completed projects
      the applicable laws, based on legal counsel opinion, to              to management’s prior estimations to assess the
      identify sales contracts with right to payment and those             accuracy of management’s historical cost
      without.                                                             estimation and reliability and appropriateness of the
                                                                           cost estimation methodology.

                                                                   (ii)    Understood, evaluated and tested the internal
                                                                           controls over the generation of cost data of the
                                                                           project and property unit and assessed the inherent
                                                                           risk of material misstatement by considering the
                                                                           degree of estimation uncertainty and other inherent
                                                                           risk factors.

                                                                   (iii)   Challenged the reasonableness of the basis for cost
                                                                           allocation and checked the accuracy of the cost
                                                                           allocation among property units.




114
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

In addition, for the revenue from sales of properties       (iv)   Challenged the reasonableness of the cost budgets
recognised over time, the Group recognises revenue by              for the project and property unit under
measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction               development by comparison to the actual cost of
of the performance obligation at the year end. The                 completed projects and property units, taking into
progress is measured based on the Group’s efforts or               account the type of properties and saleable floor
inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation,          areas.
by reference to the construction costs incurred up to
the end of the year as a percentage of total estimated      (v)    Compared the estimated total development costs of
costs for each property unit in the sale contract. The             the project and property unit under development to
Group calculated the cost allocation based on type of              the budget approved by management.
properties and saleable floor areas. Significant
judgements and estimations are required in determining      (vi)   Tested the development costs incurred by tracing
the completeness of the estimated total construction               to the supporting documents and the reports from
costs and the accuracy of progress towards complete                external or internal supervising engineers.
satisfaction of the performance obligation at the year We found that the significant judgements and estimations
end, which are subject to high degree of estimation    used in determining whether the Group has the
uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the      enforceable right to payment, the completeness of the
recognition of revenue from sales of properties over   estimated total costs and the accuracy of progress
time is considered relatively higher due to uncertaintytowards complete satisfaction of the performance
of significant assumptions used.                       obligation at the year end were supportable by available
Given the involvement of significant judgements and evidence.
estimations, recognition of revenue from sales of
properties over time is considered a key audit matter.




                                                                                                                        115
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of net realisable value of properties We obtained management’s NRV assessment on PUD
      under development and completed properties held and PHS and performed audit procedures as follows:
      for sale
                                                                (i)   Obtained an understanding of management’s
      Refer to note 4 ‘Critical accounting estimates and              assessment process of net realisable value of
      judgements’, note 8 ‘Properties under development’              properties under development and completed
      and note 11 ‘Completed properties held for sale’ to the         properties held for sale and assessed the inherent
      consolidated financial statements.                              risk of material misstatement by considering the
                                                                      degree of estimation uncertainty, complexity,
      The properties under development (“PUD”) and                    subjectivity and other inherent risk factors.
      completed properties held for sale (“PHS”) of the
      Group amounted to RMB1,056,292 million and (ii)                 Understood, evaluated and tested the internal
      RMB46,354 million respectively as at 31 December                controls over the assessment of NRV of properties
      2021, which in total accounted for approximately 57%            under development and completed properties held
      of the Group’s total assets. The carrying amounts of            for sale.
      PUD and PHS are stated at the lower of cost and net
      realisable value (“NRV”).                                 (iii) Compared the relevant PUD and PHS balances as
                                                                      at 31 December 2021, on a sample basis, against
      Determination of NRV of PUD and PHS involved critical           the result of management’s NRV assessment made
      accounting estimates on the selling price, variable             in the prior year to reconsider, with hindsight, the
      selling expenses and, for PUD, the costs to                     accuracy of management’s historical NRV
      completion. The judgements and estimations are                  assessment and reliability and appropriateness of
      subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty. The           the NRV assessment methodology.
      inherent risk in relation to the assessment of NRV of
      properties under development and completed (iv) Tested management’s key estimates, on a sample
      properties held for sales is considered relatively higher       basis, for:
      due to uncertainty of significant assumptions used.             •     Selling price which is estimated based on the
      Given the significant balance of PUD and PHS and the                 prevailing market conditions. We compared
      involvement of critical accounting estimates, the                    the estimated selling price to the recent
      assessment of NRV of these properties is considered a                market transactions by making reference to
      key audit matter.                                                    the Group’s selling price of pre-sale units in
                                                                           the same project or the prevailing market
                                                                           price of comparable properties with similar
                                                                           type, size and location.

                                                                     •     Variable selling expenses which are estimated
                                                                           based on certain percentage of selling price.
                                                                           We compared the above estimated
                                                                           percentage with the actual average selling
                                                                           expenses to revenue ratio of the Group in
                                                                           recent years.

                                                                     •     Estimated costs to completion for PUD. We
                                                                           reconciled the estimated costs to completion
                                                                           to the budget approved by management and
                                                                           examined the construction contracts or
                                                                           compared the anticipated completion costs to
                                                                           the actual costs of similar type of completed
                                                                           properties of the Group.

                                                               We found the key estimates used in the assessment of
                                                               NRV of PUD and PHS were supportable by available
                                                               evidence.



116
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due
to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance
is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                       117
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
            to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
            that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
            misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
            forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
            the Group’s internal control.

      •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
            and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
            on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
            may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
            material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
            disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
            opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
            However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
            the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
            events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
            activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
            responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
            for our audit opinion.

      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
      audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
      our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
      be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
      applied.




118
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Lam Sung Wan.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 30 March 2022




                                                                                                                     119
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      FINANCIAL POSITION



                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                2021           2020
                                                                   Note   RMB million     RMB million

      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                 6          27,099          26,345
      Investment properties                                         7          16,302          15,659
      Intangible assets                                                         1,370           1,423
      Right-of-use assets                                                       4,985           4,858
      Properties under development                                  8          48,146         106,696
      Investments in joint ventures                                9(b)        49,664          41,011
      Investments in associates                                    9(c)        23,177          22,430
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         income                                                    10           9,894           3,985
      Derivative financial instruments                             20             320             812
      Trade and other receivables                                  13          13,414          13,968
      Deferred income tax assets                                   28          40,057          36,466

                                                                              234,428         273,653

      Current assets
      Properties under development                                 8        1,008,146       1,034,664
      Completed properties held for sale                           11          46,354          49,587
      Inventories                                                  12           9,689          10,907
      Trade and other receivables                                  13         406,798         410,937
      Contract assets and contract acquisition costs               14          23,602          21,960
      Prepaid income tax                                                       23,823          23,781
      Restricted cash                                              15          34,346          16,470
      Cash and cash equivalents                                    16         146,954         167,153
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        17          14,207           6,596
      Derivative financial instruments                             20              18             101

                                                                            1,713,937       1,742,156

      Current liabilities
      Contract liabilities                                         19         709,255         695,614
      Trade and other payables                                     18         550,591         660,293
      Current income tax liabilities                                           39,160          39,519
      Senior notes                                                 21           8,283           2,219
      Corporate bonds                                              22           6,345          25,784
      Convertible bonds                                            23               8              20
      Bank and other borrowings                                    24          64,382          68,218
      Lease liabilities                                                           186             208
      Derivative financial instruments                             20             695           1,084

                                                                            1,378,905       1,492,959

      Net current assets                                                      335,032         249,197

      Total assets less current liabilities                                   569,460         522,850




120
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2021           2020
                                                               Note      RMB million     RMB million

 Non-current liabilities
 Senior notes                                                   21             66,786            71,191
 Corporate bonds                                                22             27,815            14,696
 Convertible bonds                                              23              2,160             5,252
 Bank and other borrowings                                      24            142,143           139,105
 Lease liabilities                                                                506               447
 Deferred government grants                                                       216               152
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                28             28,123            32,472
 Derivative financial instruments                               20              1,084             2,532

                                                                              268,833           265,847

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital and premium                                      25             38,787            31,495
 Other reserves                                                 27             22,691            17,457
 Retained earnings                                              27            137,258           126,150

                                                                              198,736           175,102

 Non-controlling interests                                                    101,891            81,901

 Total equity                                                                 300,627           257,003

 Total equity and non-current liabilities                                     569,460           522,850

The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.

The financial statements on pages 120 to 256 were approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March 2022 and
were signed on its behalf.




MO Bin                                              YANG Ziying
Director                                            Director




                                                                                                             121
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT




                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                     Note       RMB million        RMB million


       Revenue                                                        5              523,064           462,856
       Cost of sales                                                  30            (430,282)         (361,951)


       Gross profit                                                                   92,782           100,905
       Other income and gains — net                                   29               1,637             2,816
       (Losses)/gains arising from changes in fair value of and
         transfers to investment properties                           7                 (227)                    13
       Selling and marketing costs                                    30             (15,316)              (13,752)
       Administrative expenses                                        30             (13,518)              (13,919)
       Research and development expenses                              30              (3,308)                (2,649)
       Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets                         (1,651)                (1,449)


       Operating profit                                                               60,399               71,965
       Finance income                                                 32               3,824                 7,344
       Finance costs                                                  32                (327)                   (38)
       Finance income — net                                           32               3,497                 7,306
       Share of results of joint ventures and associates           9(b), 9(c)          5,053                 6,258


       Profit before income tax                                                       68,949                85,529
       Income tax expenses                                            33             (27,967)              (31,411)


       Profit for the year                                                            40,982               54,118


       Profit attributable to:
       — Owners of the Company                                                        26,797               35,022
       — Non-controlling interests                                                    14,185               19,096


                                                                                      40,982               54,118


       Earnings per share attributable to owners of the
         Company (expressed in RMB yuan per share)

       Basic                                                          36                1.22                  1.62


       Diluted                                                        36                1.21                  1.57

      The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




122
                                                                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                           COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                     Note    RMB million    RMB million


 Profit for the year                                                              40,982        54,118


 Other comprehensive income
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 — Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                      27            409            826
 — Revaluation gains on investment properties upon transfers
      from right-of-use assets                                                       20               —
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 — Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedges                       20(e)            10          (115)
 — Deferred (costs)/gains of hedging                                 20(e)          (233)          843
 — Currency translation differences                                                 (568)         (753)


 Total other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year,
   net of tax                                                                       (362)          801


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                          40,620        54,919


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:

 — Owners of the Company                                                          26,451        35,925
 — Non-controlling interests                                                      14,169        18,994


                                                                                  40,620        54,919

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                                                          123
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                       Share                                                       Non-
                                                 capital and         Other      Retained                     controlling         Total
                                                    premium       reserves       earnings         Total        interests        equity
                                                RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million
                                                   (Note 25)     (Note 27)      (Note 27)


      Balance at 1 January 2021                      31,495         17,457        126,150        175,102         81,901         257,003


      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                 —             —          26,797         26,797         14,185          40,982
      Other comprehensive income                          —         (1,793)         1,447           (346)           (16)           (362)


      Total comprehensive income for
        the year                                          —         (1,793)        28,244         26,451         14,169          40,620


      Transactions with owners in their
         capacity as owners
      Capital injections from non-controlling
         interests                                        —             —              —              —           6,352           6,352
      Transfer to statutory reserve                       —          7,079         (7,079)            —              —               —
      Issue of shares as a result of scrip
         dividend (notes 25, 34 and 35(d))            7,163             —          (7,163)            —               —              —
      Cash dividends                                     —              —          (2,934)        (2,934)         (3,118)        (6,052)
      Employee share schemes
      — Value of employee services
            (note 26)                                     —           484              —            484               —            484
      — Exercise of employee share
             schemes (notes 25 and 27)                  129            (33)            —              96              —              96
      Non-controlling interests arising from
         business combinations (note 41)                  —             —             —               —              944            944
      Disposals of subsidiaries (note 40)                 —            (37)           37              —           (1,011)        (1,011)
      Changes in ownership interests in
         subsidiaries without change of
         control (note 39)                                —           (413)            —            (413)         2,654           2,241


      Total transactions with owners                  7,292          7,080        (17,139)        (2,767)         5,821           3,054


      Other transaction
      Partial cancellation of written call
        options                                           —            (53)             3            (50)             —             (50)


      Balance at 31 December 2021                    38,787         22,691        137,258        198,736        101,891         300,627




124
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                 Share                                                        Non-
                                            capital and                    Retained                     controlling        Total
                                              premium Other reserves       earnings          Total        interests       equity
                                           RMB million  RMB million     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                                             (Note 25)     (Note 27)      (Note 27)


 Balance at 1 January 2020                     29,751        12,472         109,716         151,939         66,669       218,608


 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                               —             —           35,022          35,022         19,096        54,118
 Other comprehensive income                        —            893              10             903           (102)          801


 Total comprehensive income for
   the year                                        —            893          35,032          35,925         18,994        54,919


 Transactions with owners in their
    capacity as owners
 Capital injections from non-controlling
    interests                                      —              —               —              —           3,561         3,561
 Transfer to statutory reserve                     —           6,831          (6,831)            —              —             —
 Issue of shares as a result of scrip
    dividend (notes 25 and 35(d))               1,466             —           (1,466)            —              —              —
 Cash dividends                                    —              —         (10,554)        (10,554)        (5,598)       (16,152)
 Employee share schemes
 — Value of employee services
       (note 26)                                   —            405               —            405              —            405
 — Exercise of employee share
       schemes (notes 25 and 27)                  278            (25)             —            253              —            253
 Non-controlling interests arising from
    business combinations                          —              —              —               —           2,694          2,694
 Disposals of subsidiaries                         —            (253)           253              —          (3,278)        (3,278)
 Changes in ownership interests in
    subsidiaries without change of
    control                                        —          (2,866)             —          (2,866)        (1,141)        (4,007)


 Total transactions with owners                 1,744          4,092        (18,598)        (12,762)        (3,762)       (16,524)


 Balance at 31 December 2020                   31,495        17,457         126,150         175,102         81,901       257,003


The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                                                                                     125
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2021           2020
                                                                        Note       RMB million    RMB million


      Cash flows from operating activities
      Cash generated from operations                                    35(a)           65,751         42,821
      Income tax paid                                                                  (37,219)       (42,156)
      Interest paid                                                                    (17,677)       (22,296)


      Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                            10,855        (21,631)


      Cash flows from investing activities
      Net cash inflow on business combinations                           41                606          3,619
      Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment          35(b)              542            565
      Net cash outflow on disposals of subsidiaries                      40               (503)        (4,073)
      Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                        (3,126)        (2,998)
      Payments for investment properties                                  7               (269)          (456)
      Purchases of intangible assets                                                      (432)          (580)
      Purchases of right-of-use assets                                                     (37)          (490)
      Net increase in payments related to investments in joint
         ventures                                                                       (6,457)        (4,363)
      Net increase in payments related to investments in associates                     (1,058)        (2,199)
      Net increase in deposits and advances related to equity
         transactions                                                                      —           (1,819)
      Repayments from loans to third parties                                               12               3
      Payments for financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                           (8,073)          (521)
      Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                              2,655           427
      Payments for financial assets at fair value through profit or
         loss                                                                          (16,608)       (16,235)
      Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                          9,964        18,652
      Interest received                                                  32              2,138         4,102
      Dividend income from joint ventures and associates              9(b), 9(c)         2,604           449


      Net cash used in investing activities                                            (18,042)        (5,917)




126
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                  Note    RMB million         RMB million


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Capital injections from non-controlling interests                                6,352             3,561
 Net cash inflow/(outflow) on transactions with non-controlling
    interests                                                                     2,241              (1,409)
 Issue of senior notes                                             21            12,240             24,131
 Redemption and repayment of senior notes                                        (9,145)           (11,400)
 Issue of corporate bonds                                                        13,047             17,537
 Repayment of corporate bonds                                                   (19,132)           (23,421)
 Redemption of convertible bonds                                                 (3,292)               (245)
 Settlement of derivative financial instruments                                  (1,859)               (646)
 Repayments of receipts under securitisation arrangements                            —                 (279)
 Payments for principal portion of leases                                          (157)               (243)
 Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                         (2,934)           (10,554)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (3,118)             (5,598)
 Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                          35(c)         137,228           141,534
 Repayments of bank and other borrowings                          35(c)        (144,375)         (187,104)


 Net cash used in financing activities                                          (12,904)          (54,136)


 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                      (20,091)          (81,684)


 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                        167,153            248,985
 Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                     (108)              (148)


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                  16          146,954            167,153

The above consolidated cash flow statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                               127
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      1   General information

          Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 10
          November 2006 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3
          of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands.

          The address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681 Grand
          Cayman, KY1-1111 Cayman Islands. The Company is engaged in investment holding and its subsidiaries
          (collectively, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the property development, construction, property
          investment and hotel operation.

          The parent undertaking of the Company is Concrete Win Limited, whose registered office address is Palm
          Grove House, P.O. Box 438, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.

          The shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

          These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.

          These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 30
          March 2022.

      2   Summary of significant accounting policies

          This note provides a list of the significant accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these
          consolidated financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
          unless otherwise stated.

          2.1   Basis of preparation
                (i)    Compliance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and the Hong Kong
                       Companies Ordinance
                       The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
                       applicable HKFRS and requirements under the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622.

                (ii)   Historical cost convention
                       The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for
                       financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), financial assets at fair value
                       through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), derivative financial instruments and investment
                       properties, which are carried at fair value.




128
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)
          (iii)   Going concern
                  Due to the volatility of the property market in the PRC and the unfavourable impact on the
                  presale performance during the year and subsequent to the year end date, the directors of the
                  Company have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of the Group
                  and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will have sufficient
                  financial resources to continue as a going concern for at least 12 months from 31 December
                  2021, taking into consideration a number of plans and measures:

                  •     The Group will continue to implement measures to accelerate the pre-sales and sales of
                        its properties under development and completed properties held for sale, and to speed up
                        the collection of sales proceeds and other receivables;

                  •     The Group will continue to seek for new debt financing and bank borrowings at costs
                        acceptable to the Group to finance the settlement of its existing financial obligations and
                        future operating and capital expenditures;

                  •     The Group does not have any significant capital commitments as at 31 December 2021
                        (note 38(a)). The Group will not commit on significant capital expenditures and land
                        acquisitions before securing the necessary funding; and

                  •     The Group will continue to take active measures to control selling and marketing costs and
                        administrative expenses.

                  The directors of the Company have reviewed the Group’s cash flow projections, which covers a
                  period of twelve months from 31 December 2021. The directors of the Company are of the
                  opinion that, taking into account the anticipated cash flows generated from the Group’s
                  operations as well as the possible changes in its operating performance, the Group’s existing
                  and future plan of land acquisitions, the continued availability of the Group’s bank and other
                  borrowings as well as the Group’s ability to raise new financing under the prevailing rules and
                  regulations, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations as and
                  when they fall due within the coming twelve months from 31 December 2021. Accordingly,
                  these consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

          (iv)    New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                  The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time for their annual reporting
                  period commencing 1 January 2021:

                  •     Interest rate benchmark reform — phase 2 — Amendments to HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS
                        7, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16

                  The amendments listed above did not have a material impact on the amounts recognised in
                  prior periods and is not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




                                                                                                                         129
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)
                (v)   New, amended standards and interpretation not yet adopted
                      Except for Amendments to HKAS 39, HKFRS 4, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 16, ‘Interest
                      rate benchmark reform — phase 2’, which become effective this year, new and amended
                      standards and interpretation to existing standards that have been issued and relevant to the
                      Group but are not effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2021 and have not
                      been early adopted:

                                                                                                 Effective for the
                                                                                                    financial year
                                                                                                 beginning on or
                                                                                                              after


                       Amendments to HKFRS 16                Covid-19-Related Rent                    1 April 2021
                                                               Concessions beyond
                                                               30 June 2021
                       Amendments to HKFRS 3,                Narrow-scope amendments              1 January 2022
                         HKAS 16 and HKAS 37                   (amendments)
                       Annual Improvements                   Annual improvements to HKFRS         1 January 2022
                                                               Standards 2018–2020 cycle
                       Accounting Guideline 5 (Revised)      Merger accounting for common         1 January 2022
                                                               control combinations
                       Amendments to HKAS 1                  Classification of liabilities as     1 January 2023
                                                               current or non-current
                       Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS        Disclosure of accounting policies    1 January 2023
                        Practice Statement 2
                       Amendments to HKAS 8                  Definition of accounting estimates  1 January 2023
                       Amendments to HKAS 12                 Deferred tax related to assets      1 January 2023
                                                               and liabilities arising from a
                                                               single transaction
                       Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)     Presentation of financial           1 January 2023
                                                               statements — classification by
                                                               the borrower of a term loan
                                                               that contains a repayment on
                                                               demand clause
                       HKFRS 17                              Insurance contracts                 1 January 2023
                       HKFRS 17                              Amendments to HKFRS 17              1 January 2023
                       Amendments to HKFRS 10 and            Sale or contribution of assets     To be determined
                        HKAS 28                                between an investor and its
                                                               associate or joint venture




130
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)
          (v)   New, amended standards and interpretation not yet adopted (Continued)
                The above new and amended standards and interpretation to existing standards are effective for
                annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022 and have not been applied in preparing
                these consolidated financial statements. None of these is expected to have a significant effect
                on the consolidated financial statements of the Group except for HKFRS 17. The Group will
                assess the impact of HKFRS 17 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

    2.2   Subsidiaries
          2.2.1 Consolidation
                A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The
                Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
                its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                (i)   Business combinations
                      The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The
                      consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets
                      transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                      interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any
                      asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets
                      acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are
                      measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                      The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-
                      acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership
                      interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the
                      event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’
                      proportionate share in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
                      other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair
                      value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS.

                      Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                      If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of
                      the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at
                      the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised
                      in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                       131
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)
                2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)
                     (i)     Business combinations (Continued)
                             Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at
                             the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration
                             that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent
                             consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement
                             is accounted for within equity.

                             The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in
                             the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the
                             acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
                             If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously
                             held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary
                             acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit
                             or loss.

                             Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                             companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                             provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts
                             reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s accounting
                             policies.

                     (ii)    Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
                             Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are
                             accounted for as equity transactions — that is, as transactions with the owners in their
                             capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the
                             relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in
                             equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests are also recorded in
                             equity.

                     (iii)   Disposals of subsidiaries
                             When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured
                             to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount
                             recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of
                             subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial
                             asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
                             respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the
                             related assets or liabilities. It means the amounts previously recognised in other
                             comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category
                             of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRS.




132
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.2   Subsidiaries (Continued)
          2.2.2 Separate financial statements
               Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost also includes direct
               attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company
               on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

               Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends from
               these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in
               the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate
               financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the
               investee’s net assets including goodwill.

    2.3   Associates
          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
          accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in
          associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the
          investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to
          recognise the investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. On
          acquisition of the investment, any difference between the cost of the investment and the entity’s share
          of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted for as follows:

          •    Goodwill relating to an associate is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Amortisation
               of that goodwill is not permitted.

          •    Any excess of the entity’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and
               liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the
               entity’s share of the associate’s profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
          proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is
          reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

          The Group’s share of post-acquisition profit or loss is recognised in profit or loss, and its share of
          post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income is recognised in other comprehensive
          income with a corresponding adjustment to the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s
          share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate, including any other
          unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or
          constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

          The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
          investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of
          impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value
          and recognises the amount adjacent to ‘share of results of an associate’ in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                      133
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.3   Associates (Continued)
                Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and its
                associate are recognised in the Group’s financial statements only to the extent of unrelated investor’s
                interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence
                of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed where
                necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                Gain or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in profit or loss.

          2.4   Joint arrangements
                Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures depending
                on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor. The Group has assessed the nature of its
                joint arrangements and determined them to be joint ventures. On acquisition of the investment, any
                difference between the cost of the investment and the entity’s share of the net fair value of the
                investee’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted for as follows:

                •     Goodwill relating to a joint venture is included in the carrying amount of the investment.
                      Amortisation of that goodwill is not permitted.

                •     Any excess of the entity’s share of the net fair value of the investee’s identifiable assets and
                      liabilities over the cost of the investment is included as income in the determination of the
                      entity’s share of the joint venture’s profit or loss in the period in which the investment is
                      acquired.

                Joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting,
                interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the
                Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses and movements in other comprehensive
                income. When the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests in the
                joint ventures (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
                investment in the joint ventures), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred
                obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.

                The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
                investment in the joint venture is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of
                impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the joint venture and its carrying
                value and recognises the amount adjacent to ‘share of results of a joint venture’ in profit or loss.

                Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
                of the Group’s interests in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the
                transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of the
                joint ventures have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted
                by the Group.




134
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.5   Segment reporting
          Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
          chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating
          resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive
          directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.

    2.6   Foreign currency translation
          (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                  the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                  currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB which is the Company’s
                  functional currency and the Group’s presentation currency.

          (ii)    Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                  rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured.
                  Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
                  the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                  foreign currencies are recognised in profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as qualifying
                  cash flow hedges or qualifying net investment hedges.

                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to cash and cash equivalents are presented in the
                  consolidated income statement within ‘finance income — net’. Foreign exchange gains and
                  losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated income statement within
                  ‘finance income — net’, except when capitalised on the basis set out in note 2.26. All other
                  foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement within
                  ‘other income and gains — net’.

          (iii)   Group companies
                  The results and financial positions of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                  hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                  currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •    Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                       closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                  •    Income and expenses for each consolidated income statement and consolidated statement
                       of comprehensive income are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is
                       not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                       transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the
                       dates of the transactions); and

                  •    All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.



                                                                                                                         135
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.7   Property, plant and equipment
                Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation and any impairment
                losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
                to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced
                part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the
                financial period in which they are incurred.

                Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate
                their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                Buildings                                            20–40 years
                Machinery                                            5–10 years
                Transportation equipment                             5–10 years
                Furniture, fitting and equipment                     5–8 years

                The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
                each reporting period.

                An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
                carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (note 2.11).

                Construction in progress represents the direct costs of construction incurred of property, plant and
                equipment less any impairment losses. No provision for depreciation is made on construction in
                progress until such time the relevant assets are completed and put into use. Construction in progress
                is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and
                ready for use.

                Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount and are
                recognised within ‘other income and gains — net’ in the consolidated income statement.




136
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.8   Investment properties
          Investment properties, principally freehold office buildings, are held for long-term rental yields and are
          not occupied by the Group. Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related
          transaction costs and where applicable borrowing costs. Subsequently, they are carried at fair value.

          Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
          location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses
          alternative valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets. Changes in fair values are
          recorded in profit or loss as part of a valuation gain or loss.

          If an item of owner-occupied property becomes an investment property because its use has changed,
          any difference resulting between the carrying amount and the fair value of this item at the date of
          transfer is treated in the same way as a revaluation under HKAS 16. Any resulting increase in the
          carrying amount of the property is recognised in profit or loss to the extent that it reverses a previous
          impairment loss, with any remaining increase recognised in other comprehensive income and increase
          directly to equity in revaluation surplus within equity. Any resulting decrease in the carrying amount of
          the property is initially charged in other comprehensive income against any previously recognised
          revaluation surplus, with any remaining decrease charged to profit or loss. For a transfer from
          completed properties held for sale or properties under development to investment properties that will
          be carried at fair value, any difference between the fair value of the property at that date and its
          previous carrying amount shall be recognised in profit or loss.

          The Group shall transfer a property from investment property to property under development when it
          commences related development with a view to sale. For a transfer from investment property that is
          carried at fair value to property under development, related property under development shall be
          recognised at fair value at the transfer date.




                                                                                                                       137
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.9   Intangible assets
                (i)     Goodwill
                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                        transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date
                        fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net
                        assets acquired.

                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
                        to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
                        from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is
                        allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for
                        internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                        Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                        circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                        goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                        value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
                        subsequently reversed.

                (ii)    Computer software
                        Acquired computer software programmes are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
                        acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised over the estimated
                        useful lives of 5 to 10 years on a straight-line basis. Costs associated with maintaining
                        computer software programmes are recognised as an expense as incurred.

                (iii)   Research and development expenses
                        Research and development expenditures that do not meet the capitalised criteria are recognised
                        as an expense as incurred. Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not
                        recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.




138
                        COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.10 Leases
         Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
         leased asset is available for use by the Group.

         Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group has elected not to separate
         lease and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

         The Group leases various properties. These property lease agreements do not impose any covenants,
         but leased properties may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

         Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
         liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

         •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

         •    variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
              or rate as at the commencement date;

         •    amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

         •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
              and

         •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
              that option.

         Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
         measurement of the liability.

         The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
         readily determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
         lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a
         similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

         To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

         •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
              point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was
              received;

         •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
              held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

         •    makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.



                                                                                                                        139
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.10 Leases (Continued)
               If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent
               financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use
               that rate as a starting point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

               The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or
               rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease
               payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against
               the right-of-use asset.

               Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
               profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the
               remaining balance of the liability for each period.

               Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

               •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liabilities;

               •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received;

               •    any initial direct costs; and

               •    restoration costs.

               Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
               term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the
               right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

               Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and low-value assets leases
               are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases
               with a lease term of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT
               equipment and small items of office furniture.

               Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a
               straight-line basis over the lease term (note 7).




140
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.11 Impairment of non-financial assets
         Assets that have an indefinite useful life or intangible assets not ready to use are not subject to
         amortisation and are tested annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation are
         reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
         amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the
         asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an
         asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment,
         assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-
         generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for
         possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

    2.12 Financial assets
         (i)    Classification
                The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                      (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and

                •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
                the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or
                OCI. For investments in debt instruments, this will depend on the business model in which the
                investment is held. For investments in equity instruments, this will depend on whether the Group
                has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                investment at FVOCI.

                The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                those assets changes.

         (ii)   Recognition and measurement
                At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                financial asset not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of
                the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in the
                consolidated income statement.

                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                                                        141
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.12 Financial assets (Continued)
               (ii)   Recognition and measurement (Continued)
                      Debt instruments
                      Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                      managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                      measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                      •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                           cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised
                           cost. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at amortised
                           cost and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss when the
                           asset is derecognised or impaired. Interest income from these financial assets is included
                           in finance income using the effective interest rate method.

                      •    Fair value through other comprehensive income: Assets that are held for collection of
                           contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows
                           represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in
                           the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains
                           or losses, interest revenue and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in
                           profit and loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss
                           previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in
                           ‘other income and gains — net’. Interest income from these financial assets is included in
                           finance income using the effective interest rate method.

                      •    Fair value through profit or loss: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or
                           financial assets at FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment
                           that is subsequently measured at FVTPL and is not part of a hedging relationship is
                           recognised in profit or loss and presented net in the consolidated income statement within
                           ‘other income and gains — net’ in the period in which it arises. Interest income from
                           these financial assets is included in the ‘finance income’.

                      Equity instruments
                      The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                      management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                      there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following
                      the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised
                      in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                      Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in ‘other income and
                      gains — net’ in profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment
                      losses) on equity investments measured at financial assets at FVOCI are not reported separately
                      from other changes in fair value.




142
                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.13 Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
         The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its assets
         carried at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
         depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. Note 3(a)(iii) details how the
         Group determines whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

         For contract assets and trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
         HKFRS 9 — Financial instruments (“HKFRS 9”), which requires expected lifetime losses to be
         recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

    2.14 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities
         Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and
         are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting
         for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging
         instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group designates certain derivatives
         as hedges of a particular risk associated with the cash flows of recognised assets and liabilities and
         highly probable forecast transactions (cash flow hedges).

         At the inception of the hedging, the Group documents the economic relationship between hedging
         instruments and hedged items, including whether changes in the cash flows of the hedging
         instruments are expected to offset changes in the cash flows of hedges items. The Group documents
         its risk management objective and strategy for undertaking its hedge transactions.

         The full fair value of a hedging derivative is classified as a non-current asset or liability when the
         remaining maturity of the hedged item is more than 12 months; it is classified as a current asset or
         liability when the remaining maturity of the hedged item is less than 12 months.

         (i)   Cash flow hedge that qualify for hedge accounting
               The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives that are designated and qualify
               as cash flow hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity, limited to the
               cumulative change in fair value of the hedged item on a present value basis from the inception
               of the hedge. The gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised immediately in
               profit or loss, within ‘finance income/(costs) — net’.

               When option contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group designates only the
               intrinsic value of the option contract as the hedging instrument.




                                                                                                                    143
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.14 Derivative financial instruments and hedging activities (Continued)
               (i)    Cash flow hedge that qualify for hedge accounting (Continued)
                      Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in intrinsic value of the option
                      contracts are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within equity. The changes in the time
                      value of the option contracts that relate to the hedged item (“aligned time value”) are
                      recognised within other comprehensive income in the costs of hedging reserve within equity.
                      The aligned time value at the date of designation of the option as a hedging instrument is
                      amortised on a systematic and rational basis to profit or loss over the period.

                      When forward contracts are used to hedge forecast transactions, the Group generally
                      designates only the change in fair value of the forward contract related to the spot component
                      as the hedging instrument. Gains or losses relating to the effective portion of the change in the
                      spot component of the forward contracts are recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve within
                      equity. The change in the forward element of the contract that relates to the hedged item
                      (“aligned forward element”) is recognised within other comprehensive income in the costs of
                      hedging reserve within equity. The aligned forward element at the date of designation of the
                      forward contract as a hedging instrument is amortised on a systematic and rational basis to
                      profit or loss over the period.

                      When a financial instrument that involves exchanges of cash flows that are denominated in
                      different currencies is used in a hedge transaction, the foreign currency basis spread of the
                      instrument is separated and excluded from the designated hedging instrument. The change in
                      fair value of this excluded portion (to the extent it relates to the hedged item) is recognised in
                      other comprehensive income and is accumulated in a separate component of equity. For time-
                      period related hedged items, the currency basis spread at the date of designation (to the extent
                      that it relates to the hedged item) is amortised on a systematic and rational basis to profit or
                      loss over the period.

                      When a hedging instrument expires, or is sold or terminated, or when a hedge no longer meets
                      the criteria for hedge accounting, any cumulative deferred gain or loss and deferred costs of
                      hedging in equity at that time remains in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. When the
                      forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss and deferred
                      costs of hedging that were reported in equity are immediately reclassified to profit or loss.

               (ii)   Derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
                      Certain derivative instruments do not qualify for hedge accounting. Changes in the fair value of
                      any derivative instrument that does not qualify for hedge accounting are recognised immediately
                      in profit or loss and are included in ‘other income and gains — net’.




144
                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.15 Offsetting financial instruments
         Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the statement of financial
         position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
         intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
         enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
         course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the
         counterparty.

    2.16 Properties under development
         Properties under development are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
         value is determined by reference to the sale proceeds of properties sold in the ordinary course of
         business, less applicable variable selling expenses and the anticipated costs to completion, or by
         management estimates based on prevailing marketing conditions.

         Development cost of property comprises cost of land use rights, construction costs, depreciation of
         machinery and equipment, borrowing costs capitalised for qualifying assets and professional fees
         incurred during the development period. On completion, the properties are transferred to completed
         properties held for sale.

         Properties under development are classified as current assets when the construction of the relevant
         properties commences unless the construction period of the relevant property development project is
         expected to complete beyond normal operating cycle.

         Costs to fulfill a contract comprise the development cost and land use right cost directly related to an
         existing contract that will be used to satisfy performance obligations in the future. The costs to fulfill a
         contract are recorded in properties under development if they are expected to be recovered. The
         amount is amortised on a systematic basis, consistent with the pattern of revenue recognition of the
         contract to which the asset relates.

    2.17 Completed properties held for sale
         Completed properties remaining unsold at year end are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable
         value.

         Cost comprises development costs attributable to the unsold properties.

         Net realisable value is determined by reference to the sale proceeds of properties sold in the ordinary
         course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses, or by management estimates based on
         prevailing marketing conditions.

    2.18 Inventories
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
         weighted average method. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
         business, less applicable variable selling expenses and the anticipated costs to completion.



                                                                                                                        145
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.19 Trade and other receivables
               Trade receivables are amounts due from buyers for properties sold or services performed in the
               ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less
               (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not,
               they are presented as non-current assets.

               Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
               they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
               holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
               measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

               Other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
               using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.

          2.20 Contract related assets and contract liabilities
               Upon entering into a contract with a buyer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the
               buyer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the buyer. The
               combination of those rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability
               depending on the relationship between the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The
               contract is an asset and recognised as contract related assets if the measure of the remaining rights
               exceeds the measure of the remaining performance obligations. Conversely, the contract is a liability
               and recognised as contract liabilities if the measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds
               the measure of the remaining rights.

               The Group recognises the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a buyer as contract
               acquisition cost within contract related assets if the Group expects to recover those costs.

          2.21 Cash and cash equivalents
               Cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand and at banks, deposits held at call with banks and
               other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less.

          2.22 Share capital
               Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

               Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
               deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

               Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the
               consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes), is
               deducted from equity attributable to the owners of Company until the shares are cancelled or
               reissued. Where such shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly
               attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effect is included in equity
               attributable to the owners of Company.



146
                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.23 Government grants
         Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
         that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

         Government grants relating to construction of hotel properties are included in non-current liabilities as
         deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the
         expected lives of the related assets when they are completed and ready for use.

    2.24 Trade and other payables
         Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
         course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due
         within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
         presented as non-current liabilities.

         Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
         amortised cost using the effective interest method.

    2.25 Borrowings
         Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
         subsequently stated at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
         and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
         effective interest method.

         Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
         settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

    2.26 Borrowing costs
         General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
         of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
         for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
         are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

         Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
         expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

         All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                                     147
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.26 Borrowing costs (Continued)
               Borrowing costs include interest expense, finance charges in respect of finance lease and exchange
               differences arising from foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an
               adjustment to interest costs. The exchange gains and losses that are adjustments to interest costs
               include the interest rate differences between borrowing costs that would be incurred if the entity had
               borrowed funds in its functional currency, and the borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign
               currency borrowings. Such amounts are estimated based on forward currency rates at the inception
               of the borrowings.

               When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount of
               foreign exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period and is
               limited to the difference between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional currency
               borrowings and the actual interest incurred for foreign currency borrowings. Foreign exchange
               differences that did not meet the criteria for capitalisation in previous years should not be capitalised
               in subsequent years.

          2.27 Senior notes
               Senior notes issued by the Company that contain both liability and early redemption option (which is
               not closely related to the host contract) are classified separately into respective items on initial
               recognition. At the date of issue, both the liability and early redemption option components are
               recognised at fair value.

               In subsequent periods, the debt component of the senior notes is carried at amortised cost using the
               effective interest method. The early redemption option is measured at fair value with changes in fair
               value recognised in profit or loss.

               Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the senior notes are allocated to the liability and early
               redemption option components in proportion to their relative fair values. Transaction costs relating to
               the early redemption option are charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the
               debt component are included in the carrying amount of the liability portion and amortised over the
               period of the senior notes using the effective interest method.

          2.28 Receipts under securitisation arrangements
               Receipts under securitisation arrangements are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction
               costs incurred. Receipts under securitisation arrangements are subsequently stated at amortised cost,
               any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is
               recognised in profit or loss over the period using the effective interest method.

               Transaction costs are included in the carrying amount of the receipts under securitisation
               arrangements and amortised over the period of the arrangements using the effective interest method.




148
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.29 Convertible bonds
         The fair value of the liability portion of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest rate
         for a non-convertible bond with similar terms. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised
         cost basis until conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remaining of the proceeds is allocated to the
         conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity or derivative liability
         according to the conversion feature embedded. Any directly attributable transaction costs are allocated
         to the liability and equity or derivative liability component in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.

         Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of a convertible bond is measured at
         amortised cost using the effective interest method. The equity component of a convertible bond is not
         re-measured subsequent to initial recognition except on conversion or expiry. The derivative liability
         component of a convertible bond is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in
         profit or loss.

    2.30 Current and deferred income tax
         The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or loss,
         except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
         equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
         respectively.

         (i)   Current income tax
               The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
               substantively enacted at the date of statement of financial position in the countries where the
               Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically
               evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax
               regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation
               authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either
               based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides
               a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.




                                                                                                                          149
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.30 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
               (ii)    Deferred income tax
                       Inside basis differences
                       Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                       between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial
                       statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial
                       recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial
                       recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the
                       time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax
                       is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
                       date of statement of financial position and are expected to apply when the related deferred
                       income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                       Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
                       profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                       Outside basis differences
                       Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from
                       investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements, except for deferred income tax
                       liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group
                       and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                       Generally the Group is unable to control the reversal of the temporary difference for associates.
                       Only when there is an agreement in place that gives the Group the ability to control the reversal
                       of the temporary difference in the foreseeable future, deferred tax liability in relation to taxable
                       temporary differences arising from the joint venture’s or associate’s undistributed profits is not
                       recognised.

                       Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from
                       investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is
                       probable the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit
                       available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.

               (iii)   Offsetting
                       Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
                       offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax assets
                       and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable
                       entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net
                       basis.




150
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.31 Employee benefits
         (i)    Pension obligations
                A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays fixed contributions
                into a separate fund. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits
                relating to employee service in the current and prior periods.

                The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution benefit plans
                organised by the relevant governmental authorities. The Group has no further payment
                obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                employee benefit expense when they are due. Assets of the plans are held and managed by
                government authorities and are separated from those of the Group.

         (ii)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
                The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonus and profit-sharing, based on a
                formula that takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after
                certain adjustments. The Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where
                there is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.

    2.32 Share-based payments
         The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the
         Group receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (including shares
         options and awarded shares) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in
         exchange for the grant of the equity instruments is recognised as an expense. The total amount to be
         expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

         •      including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

         •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time
                period); and

         •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

         Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of
         equity instruments that are expected to vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period,
         which is the period over which all of the specified vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

         In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and
         therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense during the
         period between service commencement period and grant date.




                                                                                                                    151
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.32 Share-based payments (Continued)
               The grant by the Company over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiaries in the Group
               is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
               reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to
               investments in subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

               At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of equity
               instruments that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
               conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with
               a corresponding adjustment to equity.

               When the share options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net
               of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital.

          2.33 Provisions and contingent liabilities
               Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
               of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
               the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

               Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
               settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
               even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
               obligations may be small.

               Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
               the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
               money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is
               recognised as interest expense.

               A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only
               be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly
               within the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not
               recognised because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the
               amount of obligation cannot be measured reliably.

               A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. When
               a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised
               as a provision.




152
                        COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.34 Revenue recognition
         Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable for the sales of
         properties and provision of services in the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is
         shown, net of discounts and after eliminating sales with the Group companies. The Group recognises
         revenue when the amount of revenue can be reliably measured; when it is probable that future
         economic benefits will flow to the entity; and when specific criteria have been met for each of the
         Group’s activities, as described below.

         Revenue from contracts with customers
         Revenues are recognised when or as the control of the asset is transferred to the buyer. Depending
         on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the asset may
         transfer over time or at a point in time. Control of the asset is transferred over time if the Group’s
         performance:

         •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the buyer; or

         •    creates and enhances an asset that the buyer controls as the Group performs; or

         •    do not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable
              right to payment for performance completed to date.

         If control of the asset transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by
         reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise,
         revenue is recognised at a point in time when the buyer obtains control of the asset.

         If contracts involve the sale of multiple services, the transaction price will be allocated to each
         performance obligation based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
         prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or
         adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.




                                                                                                                  153
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

          2.34 Revenue recognition (Continued)
               Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
               (i)    Sales of properties and rendering of construction services
                      Revenue from sales of properties is recognised over time when the Group’s performance under
                      the sale contract does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group
                      has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date; otherwise revenue from
                      sales of property is recognised at point in time.

                      The progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured based on
                      the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation, by reference to
                      the construction (excluding land cost and borrowing cost) costs incurred up to the end of
                      reporting period as a percentage of total estimated construction costs for each contract.

                      For property sales contract for which the control of the property is transferred at a point in time,
                      revenue is recognised when the buyer obtains the physical possession or the legal title of the
                      completed property and the Group has present right to payment and the collection of the
                      consideration is probable.

                      In determining the transaction price, the Group adjusts the promised amount of consideration for
                      the effect of a financing component if it is significant.

                      For rendering of construction services, usually there is only one single performance in a
                      contract, the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset or work in progress that the
                      buyer controls as the asset is created or enhanced, thus the Group satisfies a performance
                      obligation and recognises revenue over time, by reference to completion of the specific
                      transaction assessed on the basis of the actual costs incurred up to the end of the reporting
                      period as a percentage of total estimated costs for each contract.

               (ii)   Hotel operation
                      Revenue from hotel operation is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are
                      rendered.




154
                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




2   Summary of significant accounting policies (Continued)

    2.34 Revenue recognition (Continued)
         Revenue from other sources
         Rental income
         Rental income from properties leasing under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis
         over the lease terms.

    2.35 Interest income
         Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
         financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-
         impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the
         financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).

    2.36 Dividend income
         Dividend income is recognised when the right to receive payment is established.

    2.37 Dividend distribution
         Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and the
         Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
         shareholders or directors of the Company, where appropriate.

    2.38 Insurance contracts
         An insurance contract is a contract under which one party (the insurer) accepts significant insurance
         risk from another party (the policyholder) by agreeing to compensate the policyholder if a specified
         uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholder. Insurance risk is a pre-
         existing risk transferred from the policyholder to the insurer, and is significant only if an insured event
         could cause an insurer to pay significant additional benefits in any scenario, excluding scenarios that
         lack commercial substance (i.e. have no discernible effect on the economics of the transaction).

         The Group assesses at each reporting date whether its recognised insurance liabilities are adequate,
         using current estimates of future cash flows under its insurance contracts. If that assessment shows
         that the carrying amount of its insurance liabilities is inadequate in the light of the estimated future
         cash flows, the entire deficiency is recognised in profit or loss.

         The Group regards its financial guarantee contracts provided in respect of mortgage facilities for
         certain property buyers and financial guarantee contracts provided to its related parties as insurance
         contracts.




                                                                                                                       155
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management

          The Group conducts its operations mainly in the PRC and is subject to special considerations and
          significant risks. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal
          environment, influence of national authorities over pricing regulation and competition in the industry.

          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (mainly included foreign exchange
          risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk
          management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
          potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance. The Group uses derivative financial
          instruments to hedge certain risk exposures. The property industry is highly sensitive to the economic
          environment in the PRC, which will affect the volumes of property transactions and selling prices. The
          Group mainly relies on sales of properties and debt financing to fund its operations. The Group has
          alternative plans (refer to note 3(a)(iv)) to monitor liquidity risk should there be significant adverse changes
          on the Group’s cash flow projections.

          (a)   Financial risk factors
                (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                      The Group’s businesses are principally conducted in RMB. The majority of its assets is
                      denominated in RMB. The majority of its non-RMB assets and liabilities are bank deposits and
                      borrowings denominated in Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) and United States Dollar (“USD”). The
                      Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial transactions and
                      recognised assets and liabilities which are denominated in non-RMB and net investment in
                      foreign operations.

                      The Group applies various types of derivative financial instruments (foreign exchange forward
                      contracts, foreign currency option contracts, cross currency swaps and foreign exchange
                      structured derivatives contracts) to mitigate exposures arising from the fluctuations in foreign
                      currencies of debts.




156
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (i)   Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                The Group seeks to apply, wherever possible, hedge accounting to present its financial
                statements in accordance with the economic purpose of the hedging activity. The Group
                determines the economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging instruments
                by reviewing their critical terms and performing a quantitative assessment as needed. As a
                result, the Group concludes that the risk being hedged for the hedged items and the risk
                inherent in the hedging instruments are sufficiently aligned. The main sources of hedge
                ineffectiveness are considered to be the effects of mismatch in timing and currency pair. In most
                of the cases, the hedging instruments have a one-to-one hedge ratio with the hedged items. In
                view of the structure of the hedging activities, no significant ineffectiveness is expected at
                inception.

                The aggregated carrying amount of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
                monetary liabilities of group companies at the respective dates of statement of financial position
                are as follows:

                                                                                   2021                 2020
                                                                              RMB million          RMB million


                 Assets
                 HKD                                                                    171                 953
                 USD                                                                  1,487                 823
                 Other currencies                                                       385                 513


                                                                                      2,043               2,289


                 Liabilities
                 HKD                                                                 19,127              16,134
                 USD                                                                 94,507              92,521
                 Other currencies                                                        —                3,711


                                                                                   113,634             112,366




                                                                                                                     157
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                       The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of a 5% change in RMB against the relevant
                       foreign currencies. The sensitivity analysis includes only foreign currency denominated monetary
                       items and adjusts their translation at the year-end for a 5% change in foreign currency rates.
                       Should RMB strengthened/weakened by 5% against the relevant currencies, the effects on profit
                       before tax for the year without taking into account the hedging effects would be as follows:

                                                                                    Change of profit before tax —
                                                                                        increase/(decrease)
                                                                                           2021                 2020
                                                                                      RMB million          RMB million


                        RMB against HKD:
                        Strengthened by 5%                                                      948                 759
                        Weakened by 5%                                                         (948)               (759)


                        RMB against USD:
                        Strengthened by 5%                                                    4,651               4,585
                        Weakened by 5%                                                       (4,651)             (4,585)

                (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                       The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest-bearing bank deposits, senior notes, corporate
                       bonds, convertible bonds, receipts under securitisation arrangements, bank and other
                       borrowings and lease liabilities. Bank deposits, bank and other borrowings issued at variable
                       rates expose the Group to cash flow interest-rate risk. Senior notes, corporate bonds,
                       convertible bonds and receipts under securitisation arrangements issued at fixed rates expose
                       the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

                       The Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis. Various scenarios are
                       simulated taking into consideration including refinancing, renewal of existing positions and
                       alternative financing. Based on these scenarios, the Group calculates the impact on profit or loss
                       of a defined interest rate shift. For each scenario, the same interest rate shift is used for all
                       currencies. The scenarios are run only for financial liabilities that represent the major interest-
                       bearing positions.

                       The Group currently does not use any interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to interest rate
                       risk. However, the Group will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need
                       arise.




158
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (ii)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                  The exposure of the Group’s total borrowings (notes 21, 22, 23 and 24) and lease liabilities to
                  interest rate changes and the contractual maturity dates of the total borrowings at the end of
                  the year are as follows:

                                                                                     2021                  2020
                                                                                RMB million           RMB million


                   Variable rate borrowings                                          167,564             176,788
                   Fixed rate borrowings and lease liabilities
                      — repricing or maturity dates:
                        1 year or less                                                 28,369              34,833
                        1–2 years                                                      45,142              29,142
                        2–5 years                                                      59,361              57,994
                        Over 5 years                                                   18,178              28,383


                                                                                     318,614             327,140

                  As at 31 December 2021, borrowings of the Group which were bearing at floating rates
                  amounted to approximately RMB167,564 million (2020: RMB176,788 million). As at 31
                  December 2021, should the interest rate be increased/decreased by 50 basis points with all
                  other factors remain unchanged and without taking into account interest capitalisation, the
                  finance costs of the Group would be increased/decreased by approximately RMB838 million
                  (2020: RMB884 million).

          (iii)   Credit risk
                  The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and other receivables, contract
                  assets, derivative financial assets and cash deposits with banks.

                  The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, contract assets, derivative financial assets,
                  restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents represent the Group’s maximum exposure to
                  credit risk in relation to financial assets.




                                                                                                                       159
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                        To manage this risk, bank deposits and derivative financial instruments are mainly placed or
                        entered with state-owned financial institutions and reputable banks which are all high-credit-
                        quality financial institutions. The Group has policies in place to ensure that sales are made to
                        buyers with an appropriate financial strength and appropriate percentage of down payments. It
                        also has other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover
                        overdue debts. For properties that are still under construction and the buyers choose to pay by
                        bank mortgage, the Group typically provides guarantees to banks in connection with the buyers’
                        borrowing of mortgage loans to finance their purchases of the properties. If a buyer defaults on
                        the payment of its mortgage during the term of the guarantee, the bank holding the mortgage
                        may demand the Group to repay the outstanding amount under the loan and any accrued
                        interest thereon. Under such circumstances, the Group is able to retain the buyer’s deposits
                        and sell the property to recover any amounts paid by the Group to the bank. Unless the selling
                        price would drop by more than the buyer’s deposits received, the Group may not be in a loss
                        position in selling those properties out. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider
                        that the Group’s credit risk is largely mitigated. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the
                        recoverable amount of each individual trade receivables and contract assets to ensure that
                        adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. The Group has no significant
                        concentrations of credit risk, with exposure spread over a large number of counterparties and
                        buyers.

                        The Group has arranged bank financing for certain buyers of property units and provided
                        guarantees to secure obligations of such buyers for repayments. Detailed disclosure of these
                        guarantees is made in note 37. No credit limits were exceeded during the year, and
                        management does not expect any significant losses from non-performance by these
                        counterparties.

                        For other receivables, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual
                        assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement records,
                        past experience and available forward-looking information. The directors of the Company believe
                        that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding balance of other
                        receivables.




160
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of, a financial asset and
                  whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each
                  reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group
                  compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of
                  default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive
                  forward-looking information. In particular, the following indicators are incorporated:

                  •     internal credit rating;

                  •     external credit rating;

                  •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                        that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its
                        obligations;

                  •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower;

                  •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same borrower; and

                  •     significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including
                        changes in the payment status of borrowers in the Group and changes in the operating
                        results of the borrower.




                                                                                                                        161
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                        i.   Trade and other receivables (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and
                             prepayments) and contract assets
                              The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses
                              prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for
                              contract assets and trade receivables.

                              The Group applies the 12 months expected losses approach to provide for expected
                              credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9 for other receivables (excluding deposits for
                              acquisitions of companies and prepayments) when there has been no significant increase
                              in credit risk of other receivables since initial recognition. If significant increase in credit risk
                              of other receivables has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as
                              lifetime expected credit loss according to HKFRS 9 three-stage approach.

                              As at 31 December 2021, the loss allowance provision for contract assets was not
                              material.

                              As at 31 December 2021, the aging of trade receivables and the loss allowance provision
                              based on property delivery date are as follow:

                                                                                               2021
                                                                       Within      More than       More than
                               Trade receivables                     180 days       180 days        365 days              Total


                               Expected loss rate                       0.05%           0.70%          32.18%
                               Gross carrying amount
                                 (RMB million)                          33,052           2,554              606          36,212
                               Loss allowance provision
                                 (RMB million)                               15              18             195             228




162
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  i.    Trade and other receivables (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and
                        prepayments) and contract assets (Continued)

                         Other receivables
                         (excluding deposits for        Gross carrying     Loss allowance
                         acquisitions of companies             amount            provision          Expected
                         and prepayments)                (RMB million)       (RMB million)          loss rate


                         Stage 1 (12-month ECL)                 254,561               1,074             0.42%
                         Stage 2 (Lifetime ECL
                           (non-credit impaired))                42,361               1,439             3.40%
                         Stage 3 (Lifetime ECL
                           (credit impaired))                      6,751              3,914            57.98%


                         Total                                  303,673               6,427


                                                                                 2020
                                                             Within     More than     More than
                         Trade receivables                180 days      180 days      365 days              Total


                         Expected loss rate                  0.04%         0.67%        31.44%
                         Gross carrying amount
                           (RMB million)                     32,831         2,542             582      35,955
                         Loss allowance provision
                           (RMB million)                         13            17             183            213

                        As at 31 December 2020, the gross carrying amount and loss allowance provision of other
                        receivables (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies, prepayments and loans to
                        third parties) were RMB277,700 million and RMB4,790 million, respectively.




                                                                                                                    163
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                        i.    Trade and other receivables (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and
                              prepayments) and contract assets (Continued)
                              As at 31 December 2021, the loss allowance provision for trade and other receivables
                              (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and prepayments) reconciles to the
                              opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                           Other
                                                                                     receivables
                                                                                      (excluding
                                                                                    deposits for
                                                                                 acquisitions of
                                                                                     companies,
                                                                                   prepayments
                                                                        Trade      and loans to
                                                                  receivables      third parties)            Total
                                                                  RMB million        RMB million         RMB million


                               Loss allowance as at
                                 1 January 2020                           171               3,383                 3,554
                               Provision for loss allowance
                                 recognised in profit or loss
                                 during the year                            42              1,407                 1,449


                               Loss allowance as at
                                 31 December 2020 and
                                 1 January 2021                           213               4,790                 5,003
                               Provision for loss allowance
                                 recognised in profit or loss
                                 during the year                            15              1,637                 1,652


                               Loss allowance as at
                                 31 December 2021                         228               6,427                 6,655

                              As at 31 December 2021, the gross carrying amount of trade and other receivables
                              (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and prepayments) was RMB339,885
                              million (2020: RMB313,655 million) and the maximum exposure to loss was RMB333,230
                              million (2020: RMB308,652 million). The Group made no write-off of trade and other
                              receivables (excluding deposits for acquisitions of companies and prepayments) and
                              contract assets during the year (2020: nil).




164
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (iv)   Liquidity risk
                 Management aims at maintaining sufficient cash to meet funding requirement for operations and
                 monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s cash on the basis of expected cash flow. The directors
                 of the Company have prepared cash flow projections for the year ending 31 December 2022.
                 Key assumptions used in the preparation of the cash flow projections for the year ending
                 31 December 2022 include: (1) proceeds from pre-sales of 2022 would subject to reasonable
                 decrease according to market condition; (2) construction payments match receipt of the relevant
                 proceeds from pre-sales; (3) the Group will alter the land acquisition plan according to the
                 market situation and cash surplus; and (4) available project loan facility is expected to cover the
                 predicted bank and other borrowings to be obtained.

                 The Group has a number of alternative plans to mitigate the potential impacts on anticipated
                 cash flows should there be significant adverse changes in economic environment. These include
                 reducing the amount of acquisition of land, adjusting and further slowing down the construction
                 progress as appropriate to ensure available resources for the development of properties for sale,
                 implementing cost control measures and accelerating sales with more flexible pricing. The Group
                 will base on its assessment of the relevant future costs and benefits to pursue such options as
                 appropriate. The directors of the Company consider that the Group will be able to maintain
                 sufficient financial resources to meet its operation needs.




                                                                                                                       165
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
                (iv)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                       The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and net-settled derivative
                       financial liabilities into relevant maturity grouping based on the remaining period at the date of
                       the statement of financial position to the contractual maturity date. Derivative financial liabilities
                       are included in the analysis if their contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of
                       the timing of the cash flows. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual
                       undiscounted cash flows and included interest, if applicable.

                                                                  Between         Between
                                                 Less than           1 and           2 and            Over
                                                    1 year         2 years         5 years         5 years          Total
                                                      RMB             RMB             RMB             RMB           RMB
                                                    million         million         million         million        million


                        At 31 December
                          2021
                        Senior notes                 10,902           7,405         52,725          19,638         90,670
                        Corporate bonds               7,249          25,330          3,921             157         36,657
                        Convertible bonds               110           2,563             —               —           2,673
                        Bank and other
                          borrowings                 74,827          91,160         57,976           3,297        227,260
                        Trade and other
                          payables
                          (excluding other
                          taxes payable and
                          salaries payable)         491,833              —               —              —         491,833
                        Lease liabilities               334             181             286            145            946
                        Derivative financial
                          instruments                    695            527             557              —           1,779


                        Total                       585,950         127,166        115,465          23,237        851,818




166
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (a)   Financial risk factors (Continued)
          (iv)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                          Between       Between
                                          Less than         1 and         2 and           Over
                                             1 year        2 years       5 years       5 years         Total
                                         RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million   RMB million


                  At 31 December
                    2020
                  Senior notes                  5,079       14,932        41,455        30,674        92,140
                  Corporate bonds              26,897        5,873         9,767           189        42,726
                  Convertible bonds               285          285         6,617            —          7,187
                  Bank and other
                    borrowings                 79,227       81,399        62,324         6,555       229,505
                  Trade and other
                    payables
                    (excluding other
                    taxes payable and
                    salaries payable)         601,152           —             —             —        601,152
                  Lease liabilities               285          140           265           124           814
                  Derivative financial
                    instruments                 1,084          333         2,199            —          3,616


                  Total                       714,009      102,962       122,627        37,542       977,140




                                                                                                                167
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (b)   Capital management
                The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
                going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
                maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                In order to optimise the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
                shareholders, buy back of shares, issue new shares or sell assets.

                Consistent with other companies in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the
                gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as
                total borrowings (including senior notes, corporate bonds, convertible bonds and bank and other
                borrowings as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) less cash and cash
                equivalents and restricted cash.

                The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


                 Total borrowings (notes 21, 22, 23 and 24)                             317,922             326,485
                 Less: Cash and cash equivalents (note 16)                             (146,954)           (167,153)
                          Restricted cash (note 15)                                     (34,346)             (16,470)


                 Net debt                                                               136,622            142,862


                 Total equity                                                           300,627            257,003


                 Gearing ratio                                                             45%                 56%

                The directors of the Company consider the Group’s gearing ratio is within the healthy range.




168
                             COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (c)   Fair value estimation
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried or presented at fair value, by level of the inputs
          to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The different levels are defined as follows:

          •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the assets or
                  liabilities, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •       Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                  unobservable inputs) (level 3).

                                                     Level 1            Level 2           Level 3              Total
                                                  RMB million        RMB million       RMB million        RMB million


              At 31 December 2021
              Assets
              Financial assets at FVOCI                       70                —               9,824             9,894
              Derivative financial instruments                —                338                 —                338
              Financial assets at FVTPL                      242             4,471              9,494            14,207


              Total                                          312             4,809            19,318             24,439


              Liabilities
              Derivative financial instruments                —              1,779                 —              1,779


                                                       Level 1           Level 2            Level 3              Total
                                                    RMB million       RMB million        RMB million        RMB million


              At 31 December 2020
              Assets
              Financial assets at FVOCI                    2,393               255              1,337             3,985
              Derivative financial instruments                —                913                 —                913
              Financial assets at FVTPL                    1,540             1,783              3,273             6,596


              Total                                        3,933             2,951              4,610            11,494


              Liabilities
              Derivative financial instruments                —              3,616                 —              3,616




                                                                                                                              169
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (c)   Fair value estimation (Continued)
                (i)    Financial instruments in level 2
                       The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by
                       using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market
                       data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all
                       significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included
                       in level 2. If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the
                       instrument is included in level 3.

                       Valuation techniques used to derive level 2 fair values
                       Level 2 derivative financial instruments comprise foreign exchange forward contracts, foreign
                       currency option contracts, foreign exchange structured derivatives contracts and cross currency
                       swaps. The fair value of these derivative financial instruments was determined using forward
                       exchange rates and interest rates that are quoted by financial institutions.

                       For Level 2 financial assets at FVOCI and FVTPL, fair values are generally obtained through the
                       use of valuation methodologies with observable market inputs.

                (ii)   Financial instruments in level 3
                       The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31
                       December 2021:

                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million


                        Opening balance                                                      4,610               3,219
                        Additions                                                           13,788               3,264
                        Fair value changes                                                   1,802                (352)
                        Disposals                                                             (159)               (701)
                        Transfer to Level 1                                                   (723)               (820)


                        Closing balance                                                     19,318               4,610

                       There is no unrealised gain or loss recognised in profit or loss in the current year (2020: nil)
                       attributable to balances held at the end of the reporting period.

                       The Group transferred its equity interest in two companies from level 3 to level 1 upon their
                       listing as the shares of the two companies were actively traded subsequent to their listing.

                       There were no changes in valuation techniques during the year.




170
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




3   Financial risk management (Continued)

    (d)   Financial instruments by category


                                                                31 December 2021
                                                                            Assets at
                                                Assets at      Assets at   amortised
                                                   FVOCI          FVTPL          cost          Total
                                              RMB million    RMB million RMB million      RMB million


           Assets as per consolidated
             statement of financial
             position
           Financial assets at FVOCI                9,894             —              —          9,894
           Trade and other receivables
             excluding deposits and
             prepayments                               —              —        333,230        333,230
           Restricted cash                             —              —         34,346         34,346
           Cash and cash equivalents                   —              —        146,954        146,954
           Derivative financial instruments            —             338            —             338
           Financial assets at FVTPL                   —          14,207            —          14,207


           Total                                    9,894         14,545       514,530        538,969


                                                                 31 December 2020
                                                                              Assets at
                                                 Assets at      Assets at     amortised
                                                   FVOCI          FVTPL            cost         Total
                                               RMB million    RMB million  RMB million     RMB million


           Assets as per consolidated
             statement of financial
             position
           Financial assets at FVOCI                3,985             —              —          3,985
           Trade and other receivables
             excluding deposits and
             prepayments                               —              —        308,663        308,663
           Restricted cash                             —              —         16,470         16,470
           Cash and cash equivalents                   —              —        167,153        167,153
           Derivative financial instruments            —             913            —             913
           Financial assets at FVTPL                   —           6,596            —           6,596


           Total                                    3,985          7,509       492,286        503,780




                                                                                                         171
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      3   Financial risk management (Continued)

          (d)   Financial instruments by category (Continued)


                                                                             31 December 2021
                                                           Liabilities at        Liabilities at
                                                         amortised cost                 FVTPL           Total
                                                           RMB million           RMB million       RMB million


                 Liabilities as per consolidated
                   statement of financial position
                 Senior notes                                     75,069                   —            75,069
                 Corporate bonds                                  34,160                   —            34,160
                 Convertible bonds                                 2,168                   —             2,168
                 Bank and other borrowings                       206,525                   —           206,525
                 Trade and other payables (excluding
                   other taxes payable and salaries
                   payable)                                      491,833                   —           491,833
                 Lease liabilities                                   692                   —               692
                 Derivative financial instruments                     —                 1,779            1,779


                 Total                                           810,447                1,779          812,226


                                                                             31 December 2020
                                                            Liabilities at        Liabilities at
                                                          amortised cost                FVTPL            Total
                                                            RMB million           RMB million       RMB million


                 Liabilities as per consolidated
                   statement of financial position
                 Senior notes                                     73,410                   —            73,410
                 Corporate bonds                                  40,480                   —            40,480
                 Convertible bonds                                 5,272                   —             5,272
                 Bank and other borrowings                       207,323                   —           207,323
                 Trade and other payables (excluding
                   other taxes payable and salaries
                   payable)                                      601,152                   —           601,152
                 Lease liabilities                                   655                   —               655
                 Derivative financial instruments                     —                 3,616            3,616


                 Total                                           928,292                3,616          931,908




172
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements

    Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are evaluated and based
    on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be
    reasonable under the circumstances. The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future.
    The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates
    and assumptions that may have a significant effect on the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
    the next financial year are discussed below.

    (a)   Revenue recognition
          Revenue from sales of properties is recognised over time when the Group’s performance under a
          sales contract does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
          enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date; otherwise the revenue is recognised
          at a point in time when the buyer obtains control of the completed property. The Group may not
          change or substitute the property unit or redirect the property unit for another use due to the
          contractual restrictions with the buyer and thus the property unit does not have an alternative use to
          the Group. Significant management’s judgements were involved in determining whether there is an
          enforceable right to payment which depends on the terms of sales contract and the interpretation of
          the applicable laws governing the sales contracts. The Group obtained legal counsel opinion regarding
          the enforceability of the right to payment for sales contracts. Management uses judgements in
          interpreting the applicable laws, based on legal counsel opinion, to identify sales contracts with right
          to payment and those without.

          In addition, for the revenue from sales of properties recognised over time, the Group recognises
          revenue by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation at the
          year end. The progress is measured based on the Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of the
          performance obligation, by reference to the construction costs incurred up to the end of the year as
          a percentage of total estimated costs for each property unit in the sale contract. The Group
          calculated the cost allocation based on type of properties and saleable floor areas. Significant
          judgements and estimations are required in determining the completeness of the estimated total
          construction costs and the accuracy of progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance
          obligation at the year end.




                                                                                                                     173
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)
          (b)   Estimates for net realisable value of properties under development and completed properties
                held for sale
                The carrying amounts of properties under development and completed properties held for sale
                amounted to RMB1,056,292 million (2020: RMB1,141,360 million) and RMB46,354 million (2020:
                RMB49,587 million) respectively as at 31 December 2021, which in total accounted for approximately
                57% (2020: 59%) of the Group’s total assets. The Group assesses the carrying amounts of properties
                under development and completed properties held for sale according to their net realisable values
                based on the realisability of these properties. Net realisable value for properties under development is
                determined by reference to management’s estimates of the selling price based on prevailing market
                conditions, less applicable variable selling expenses and the anticipated costs to completion. Net
                realisable value for completed properties held for sale is determined by reference to management’s
                estimates of the selling price based on prevailing market conditions, less applicable variable selling
                expenses.

                Write-downs of properties under development and completed properties held for sale to net realisable
                value amounted to RMB10,871 million (2020: RMB3,515 million). These were recognised as an
                expense during the year ended 31 December 2021 and included in “cost of sales” in the
                consolidated income statement.

          (c)   Current and deferred income tax
                Significant judgements are required in determining the provision for income tax. There are many
                transactions and calculations for which the ultimate determination is uncertain during the ordinary
                course of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that
                were initially recorded, such difference will impact the income tax and deferred income tax provision in
                the period in which such determination is made.

                Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
                when management considers to be probable that future taxable profit will be available against which
                the temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. The outcome of their actual utilisation may be
                different.

          (d)   Land appreciation taxes
                PRC land appreciation tax is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the
                appreciation of land value, being the proceeds of sales of properties less deductible expenditures
                including land cost, borrowing costs and all property development expenditures.

                The subsidiaries of the Group engaging in property development business in the PRC are subject to
                land appreciation taxes, which have been included in the income tax expenses. However, the
                implementation of these taxes varies amongst various PRC cities and the Group has not finalised its
                land appreciation tax returns with various tax authorities for certain projects. Accordingly, judgement is
                required in determining the amount of land appreciation and its related taxes payable. The Group
                recognises these liabilities based on management’s best estimates. Where the final tax outcome is
                different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax
                expenses and provisions of land appreciation taxes in the period in which such determination is
                made.



174
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




5   Revenue and segment information

    The executive directors of the Company review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess segment
    performance and allocate resources. The executive directors of the Company have determined the operating
    segments based on these reports.

    The executive directors of the Company assessed the performance and operations of the Group and
    concluded that the Group only has two reportable segments — Property development and Construction.
    The Others segment mainly includes property investment, hotel operation and others, such as smart
    construction, robotic catering, new retail and modern agriculture businesses, which are individually and
    collectively insignificant for segment reporting purposes.

    The executive directors of the Company assess the performance of the operating segments based on a
    measure of operating profit, adjusted by excluding fair value changes on derivative financial instruments and
    including share of results of joint ventures and associates.

    Segment assets consist primarily of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets,
    investment properties, financial assets at FVOCI, financial assets at FVTPL, properties under development,
    investments in joint ventures, investments in associates, completed properties held for sale, inventories,
    receivables, prepaid income tax, contract assets and contract acquisition costs and operating cash. They
    exclude derivative financial instruments and deferred income tax assets. Segment liabilities consist primarily
    of operating liabilities. They exclude current income tax liabilities, senior notes, corporate bonds, convertible
    bonds, bank and other borrowings, derivative financial instruments and deferred income tax liabilities.

    Capital expenditure mainly comprises additions to property, plant and equipment (note 6), investment
    properties (note 7), intangible assets and right-of-use assets, excluding those arising from business
    combinations.




                                                                                                                        175
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)

          Revenue consists of the following:

                                                                                    2021               2020
                                                                               RMB million        RMB million


           Sales of properties                                                      507,478           449,341
           Rendering of construction services                                         9,360             8,779
           Rental income                                                                840               526
           Others                                                                     5,386             4,210


                                                                                    523,064           462,856

          Sales between segments are carried out according to the terms and conditions agreed by the respective
          segments’ management.

          The Group’s revenue is mainly attributable to the market in Mainland China and over 90% of the Group’s
          non-current assets are located in Mainland China. No geographical information is therefore presented.

          The Group has a large number of customers, none of whom contributed 10% or more of the Group’s
          revenue.




176
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)

    The segment information provided to the executive directors of the Company for the reportable segments
    for the year ended 31 December 2021 is as follows:

                                                  Property
                                              development    Construction        Others          Total
                                              RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million

     Revenue from contracts with
       customers                                  507,478          56,371         29,146        592,995
     — Recognised at a point in time               420,661             —          27,227        447,888
     — Recognised over time                         86,817         56,371          1,919        145,107
     Revenue from other source
     Rental income                                      —              —            840             840

     Segment revenue                              507,478          56,371         29,986        593,835
     Inter-segment revenue                             —          (47,011)       (23,760)       (70,771)

     Revenue from external customers              507,478           9,360          6,226        523,064

     Share of results of joint ventures and
       associates                                    5,088             —             (35)         5,053
     Losses arising from changes in fair
       value of and transfers to
       investment properties                            —              —            (227)          (227)
     Depreciation and amortisation
       expenses of property, plant and
       equipment, intangible assets and
       right-of-use assets                            619             43           1,725          2,387
     Net impairment losses on financial
       and contract assets                           1,521            27             103          1,651
     Segment results                                67,304           334          (2,068)        65,570

     At 31 December 2021
     Total segment assets after
       elimination of inter-segment
       balances                                  1,758,089         31,271        118,610      1,907,970

     Investments in joint ventures and
       associates                                   71,170             —           1,671         72,841

     Capital expenditure                              536            102           4,324          4,962

     Total segment liabilities after
       elimination of inter-segment
       balances                                  1,151,286         29,857         79,611      1,260,754




                                                                                                             177
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)

          The segment information provided to the executive directors of the Company for the reportable segments
          for the year ended 31 December 2020 is as follows:

                                                        Property
                                                    development    Construction       Others            Total
                                                     RMB million   RMB million    RMB million      RMB million

           Revenue from contracts with
             customers                                  449,341         51,806         26,836         527,983
           — Recognised at a point in time              357,274             —          25,375         382,649
           — Recognised over time                        92,067         51,806          1,461         145,334
           Revenue from other source
           Rental income                                     —              —             537             537

           Segment revenue                              449,341         51,806          27,373        528,520
           Inter-segment revenue                             —         (43,027)        (22,637)        (65,664)

           Revenue from external customers              449,341          8,779          4,736         462,856

           Share of results of joint ventures and
             associates                                   6,335             —              (77)         6,258
           Gains arising from changes in fair
             value of and transfers to
             investment properties                           —              —              13              13
           Depreciation and amortisation
             expenses of property, plant and
             equipment, intangible assets and
             right-of-use assets                            830             53          1,184           2,067
           Net impairment losses on financial
             and contract assets                          1,339             24              86          1,449
           Segment results                               79,977            385          (1,651)        78,711

           At 31 December 2020
           Total segment assets after
             elimination of inter-segment
             balances                                 1,828,224         32,884        117,322       1,978,430

           Investments in joint ventures and
             associates                                  63,244             —             197          63,441

           Capital expenditure                              994            290          3,883           5,167

           Total segment liabilities after
             elimination of inter-segment
             balances                                 1,241,088         31,988         83,638       1,356,714




178
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)

    Reportable segment results are reconciled to net profit as follows:

                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                 RMB million          RMB million


     Total segment results                                                             65,570               78,711
     Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments                           (118)                (488)
     Finance income — net                                                               3,497                7,306


     Profit before income tax                                                          68,949               85,529
     Income tax expenses                                                              (27,967)             (31,411)


     Profit for the year                                                               40,982               54,118

    Reportable segments’ assets and liabilities are reconciled to total assets and total liabilities as follows:

                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                 RMB million          RMB million


     Total segment assets after elimination of inter-segment balances               1,907,970           1,978,430
     Derivative financial instruments                                                     338                 913
     Deferred income tax assets                                                        40,057              36,466


     Total assets                                                                   1,948,365           2,015,809


     Total segment liabilities after elimination of inter-segment balances          1,260,754           1,356,714
     Current income tax liabilities                                                    39,160              39,519
     Senior notes                                                                      75,069              73,410
     Corporate bonds                                                                   34,160              40,480
     Convertible bonds                                                                  2,168               5,272
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        206,525             207,323
     Derivative financial instruments                                                   1,779               3,616
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                                   28,123              32,472


     Total liabilities                                                              1,647,738           1,758,806




                                                                                                                      179
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      6   Property, plant and equipment


                                                                                         Furniture,
                                            Buildings                Transportation     fitting and    Construction
                                            and land      Machinery      equipment      equipment       in progress         Total
                                          RMB million    RMB million   RMB million     RMB million     RMB million     RMB million


           Year ended 31 December
              2021
           Opening net book amount             20,391          1,557           483             195            3,719         26,345
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries
              (note 41)                             2              1             —               4               —               7
           Other additions                         98          2,388            118            242              979          3,825
           Transfer                             1,887             —              —              —            (1,887)            —
           Disposals of subsidiaries               (8)            (7)            (2)            (3)            (106)          (126)
           Other disposals                       (193)          (212)           (40)          (130)              —            (575)
           Depreciation                        (1,146)          (573)          (222)          (270)              —          (2,211)
           Exchange differences                  (106)           (13)           (15)            (3)             (29)          (166)


           Closing net book amount             20,925          3,141           322              35            2,676         27,099


           At 31 December 2021
           Cost                                26,606          4,690          1,293           2,854           2,676         38,119
           Accumulated depreciation            (5,681)        (1,549)          (971)         (2,819)             —         (11,020)


           Net book amount                     20,925          3,141           322              35            2,676         27,099




180
                              COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




6   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)


                                                                                       Furniture,
                                      Buildings                   Transportation      fitting and      Construction
                                      and land      Machinery         equipment       equipment         in progress              Total
                                    RMB million    RMB million      RMB million      RMB million       RMB million          RMB million


     Year ended 31 December
        2020
     Opening net book amount            17,275            865               388              561               5,151            24,240
     Acquisitions of subsidiaries        1,635              17                  8              45                  12             1,717
     Other additions                       457          1,094               508              175               1,157              3,391
     Transfer                            2,547              —                 —                —              (2,547)                —
     Disposals of subsidiaries            (364)            (13)                (1)              (1)                 (9)            (388)
     Other disposals                      (230)            (19)            (193)              (86)                 —               (528)
     Depreciation                         (831)          (374)             (208)            (495)                  —             (1,908)
     Exchange differences                   (98)           (13)              (19)               (4)               (45)             (179)


     Closing net book amount            20,391          1,557               483              195              3,719             26,345


     At 31 December 2020
     Cost                               25,075           2,711            1,289            2,937              3,719             35,731
     Accumulated depreciation            (4,684)        (1,154)            (806)          (2,742)                —               (9,386)


     Net book amount                    20,391          1,557               483              195              3,719             26,345


    Depreciation charge was capitalised or expensed in the following categories in the consolidated statement
    of financial position or the consolidated income statement respectively:

                                                                                              2021                             2020
                                                                                         RMB million                      RMB million


     Properties under development                                                                      396                        372
     Cost of sales                                                                                     795                        562
     Selling and marketing costs                                                                       123                        194
     Administrative expenses and research and development expenses                                     897                        780


                                                                                                      2,211                     1,908

    As at 31 December 2021, buildings with net book value of RMB3,297 million (2020: RMB2,589 million)
    were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 24).

    As at 31 December 2021, title certificates of buildings with net book value of RMB3,315 million (2020:
    RMB3,699 million) were still in the process of being obtained.




                                                                                                                                           181
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      7   Investment properties


                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


           At 1 January                                                                  15,659              12,923
           Acquisitions of subsidiaries                                                      —                  165
           Transfer from properties under development and completed
             properties held for sale                                                     1,381               4,383
           Other additions                                                                  269                 456
           Transfer from right-of-use assets                                                 55                  —
           Revaluation gains upon transfer from right-of-use assets                          27                  —
           Revaluation (losses)/gains upon transfer from properties under
             development and completed properties held for sale                             (160)               790
           Fair value changes                                                                (67)              (777)
           Transfer to properties under development                                         (785)            (1,134)
           Disposals of subsidiaries                                                         (77)            (1,147)


           At 31 December                                                                16,302              15,659


           (Losses)/gains arising from changes in fair value of and transfer to
             investment properties represent:
           — revaluation (losses)/gains upon transfer of properties under
                development and completed properties held for sale                          (160)               790
           — fair value changes                                                              (67)              (777)


                                                                                            (227)                13

          The Group’s policy is to recognise change of fair value hierarchy levels as of the date of the event or
          change in circumstances that caused the change. At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group only had
          investment properties measured at level 3 valuation.

          Valuation processes of the Group
          The Group’s investment properties were valued at transfer or business acquisition dates, and at 31
          December 2021 and 2020 by Jones Lang LaSalle Corporate Appraisal and Advisory Limited, an
          independent and professionally qualified valuer who hold recognised relevant professional qualifications and
          have recent experience in the locations and segments of the investment properties valued. For all
          investment properties, their current use equates the highest and best use.

          Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between management and the valuers on a semi-
          annual basis, in line with the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.




182
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




7   Investment properties (Continued)

    Valuation processes of the Group (Continued)
    At each half year-end, management:

    •       Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation reports;

    •       Assesses property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation reports; and

    •       Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

    Valuation techniques
    Valuations are based on:

    (i)     Direct comparison approach assuming sale of each of these properties in its existing state with the
            benefit of vacant possession. By making reference to sales transactions as available in the relevant
            market, comparable properties in close proximity have been selected and adjustments have been
            made to account for the difference in factors such as locations and property size; or

    (ii)    Income capitalisation approach taking into account the current rents of the property interests and the
            reversionary potentials of the tenancies, term yield and reversionary yield are then applied respectively
            to derive the market value of the property; or

    (iii)   Residual method of valuation which is commonly used in valuing development sites by establishing the
            market value of the properties on an “as-if” completed basis with appropriate deduction on land and
            construction costs, professional fees, contingency, marketing and legal cost, and interest payments to
            be incurred as well as anticipated developer’s profits.

    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




                                                                                                                        183
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      7   Investment properties (Continued)
          Valuation techniques (Continued)
          Main information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)

                                   Fair value as at
                                     31 December                                                            Range of
                                              2021     Valuation                                         unobservable
                                      RMB million      techniques          Unobservable inputs                 inputs

           Completed investment             15,037     Income              The rate of return/             2.5%-6.5%
             properties                                  capitalisation      capitalisation rate           per annum
                                                                           Monthly rental (RMB/
                                                                             square meter/month)              30-167
                                                       Direct              Adjusted market price
                                                         comparison          (RMB/square meter)          1,760-36,000

           Investment properties              1,183    Residual            Budgeted construction
             under construction                          method              costs to be incurred
                                                                             (RMB/square meter)             640–1,860
                                                                           Remaining percentage to
                                                                             completion                     15%–41%
                                                                           Anticipated developer’s
                                                                             profit margin                  10%–15%

                                    Fair value as at
                                      31 December                                                            Range of
                                               2020    Valuation                                          unobservable
                                        RMB million    techniques          Unobservable inputs                  inputs

           Completed investment             14,532     Income              The rate of return/             3.0%-6.0%
             properties                                   capitalisation     capitalisation rate           per annum
                                                                           Monthly rental (RMB/
                                                                             square meter/month)              46-248
                                                       Direct comparison   Adjusted market price (RMB/
                                                                             square meter)               3,700–36,900

           Investment properties              1,127    Residual method     Budgeted construction costs
              under construction                                             to be incurred (RMB/
                                                                             square meter)                  170–2,100
                                                                           Remaining percentage to
                                                                             completion                     6%–62%
                                                                           Anticipated developer’s
                                                                             profit margin                 15%–20%




184
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




7   Investment properties (Continued)

    Valuation techniques (Continued)
    Main Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (level 3)
    (Continued)

    Relationships of unobservable inputs to fair value are as follows:

    •       The higher rate of return/capitalisation rate, the lower fair value;

    •       The higher monthly rental, the higher fair value;

    •       The higher market price, the higher fair value;

    •       The higher budgeted construction cost to be incurred, the lower fair value;

    •       The higher remaining percentage to completion, the lower fair value; and

    •       The higher the anticipated developer’s profit margin, the lower fair value.

    Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties

                                                                                        2021             2020
                                                                                   RMB million      RMB million


        Rental income (note 5)                                                             840               526
        Direct operating expenses                                                         (346)             (230)


                                                                                          494                296

    Leasing arrangements
    The investment properties are generally leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable
    monthly. There are no other variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.

    Although the Group is exposed to changes in the residual value at the end of the current leases, the Group
    typically enters into new operating leases and therefore will not immediately realise any reduction in residual
    value at the end of these leases. Expectations about the future residual values are reflected in the fair value
    of the properties.

    For minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties, refer to note 38(b).




                                                                                                                      185
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      8   Properties under development


                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


           Properties under development expected to be completed and
             delivered:
           — Within one operating cycle included under current assets                 1,008,146           1,034,664
           — Beyond one operating cycle included under non-current assets                48,146             106,696


                                                                                      1,056,292           1,141,360


           Amounts comprise:
           — Construction costs including depreciation and staff cost
               capitalised                                                              498,873            581,025
           — Land costs                                                                 533,094            534,303
           — Borrowing costs capitalised                                                 24,325             26,032


                                                                                      1,056,292           1,141,360

          One operating cycle of the Group’s property development generally ranges from one to two years.

          At 31 December 2021, properties under development included the costs to fulfil those contracts, the
          revenue of which is recognised over time, amounting to RMB20,023 million (2020: RMB25,849 million).

          Cost of sales for the year included RMB12,527 million (2020: RMB9,684 million) of costs brought forward
          from prior year to fulfil those contracts revenue of which is recognised over time.

          The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of interest on general borrowings incurred eligible for
          capitalisation in 2021 was 5.62% per annum (2020: 6.35% per annum).




186
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




8    Properties under development (Continued)

     The properties under development of the Group are located in:

                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


      Mainland China                                                               1,042,723          1,126,286
      United States                                                                    2,950              4,376
      Malaysia                                                                         1,979              2,033
      Australia                                                                        1,892              2,358
      Indonesia                                                                        1,842              2,068
      Hong Kong                                                                        1,108                877
      Others                                                                           3,798              3,362


                                                                                   1,056,292          1,141,360

     As at 31 December 2021, land use rights included in properties under development of RMB99,009 million
     (2020: RMB83,000 million) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank and other borrowings (note 24).

9(a) Subsidiaries

     The principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021 are listed in note 44.

     The directors of the Company consider that none of the non-controlling interests of the individual
     subsidiaries were significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of these subsidiaries
     are not disclosed.

9(b) Investments in joint ventures


                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


      At 1 January                                                                    41,011              34,954
      Additions                                                                        9,566                6,087
      Disposals                                                                       (1,738)              (1,993)
      Dividends                                                                       (1,076)                (327)
      Share of results                                                                 1,901                2,290
      — Gains arising from negative goodwill                                              32                  —
      — Others                                                                         1,869               2,290


      At 31 December                                                                  49,664              41,011




                                                                                                                      187
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      9(b) Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

           The balance comprises the following:

                                                                                         2021                 2020
                                                                                    RMB million          RMB million


            Unlisted investments
            — Share of net assets                                                         49,232              40,579
            — Notional goodwill                                                              432                 432


                                                                                          49,664              41,011

           Additions during the year mainly included the acquisitions of shares in a number of property development
           companies and the investments in a number of newly established property development companies together
           with certain third parties. None of these acquisitions was individually significant to the Group. Summary of
           the acquisitions during the year is as follows:

           Total identifiable net assets of joint ventures acquired

                                                                                                         RMB million


            Assets                                                                                            12,576
            Liabilities                                                                                      (11,065)


            Total identifiable net assets                                                                      1,511

           Reconciliation to the Group’s interests in the joint ventures

                                                                                                         RMB million


            Fair values of the consideration for the acquisitions                                                819
            Fair values of the Group’s share of identifiable net assets                                         (851)


            Negative goodwill                                                                                     (32)

           The negative goodwill was mainly resulted from the fact that the joint ventures partners intended to
           cooperate with the Group to resolve liquidity issues or bring in industry expertise.




188
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




9(b) Investments in joint ventures (Continued)

     As at 31 December 2021, certain borrowings of joint ventures were guaranteed by the Group (note 37)
     and/or secured by the Group’s certain interests in joint ventures with an aggregate carrying value of
     RMB4,753 million (2020: RMB4,293 million). As at 31 December 2021, there were no significant
     commitments relating to the Group’s interests in the joint ventures.

     The directors of the Company consider that none of the joint ventures as at 31 December 2021 and 2020
     was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of the joint ventures was not
     disclosed. The summarised financial information of individually immaterial joint ventures on an aggregate
     basis is as follows:

                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                            RMB million         RMB million


      Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                    49,664             41,011
      Share of profit for the year                                                 1,901              2,290
      Share of total comprehensive income for the year                             1,901              2,290

9(c) Investments in associates


                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                            RMB million         RMB million


      At 1 January                                                                22,430             17,159
      Additions                                                                    1,008               2,884
      Disposals                                                                   (1,885)             (1,459)
      Dividends                                                                   (1,528)               (122)
      Share of results                                                             3,152               3,968
      — Gains arising from negative goodwill                                          —                   9
      — Others                                                                     3,152              3,959


      At 31 December                                                              23,177             22,430

     Additions during the year mainly included the investments in a number of newly established property
     development companies together with third parties. None acquisition happened during the year.




                                                                                                                 189
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      9(c) Investments in associates (Continued)

           As at 31 December 2021, certain borrowings of associates were guaranteed by the Group (note 37) and/or
           secured by the Group’s certain interests in associates with an aggregate carrying value of RMB244 million
           (2020: RMB1,186 million).

           The directors of the Company consider that none of the associates as at 31 December 2021 and 2020
           was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial information of the associates was not
           disclosed. The summarised financial information of individually immaterial associates on an aggregate basis
           is as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


            Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                      23,177             22,430
            Share of profits for the year                                                  3,152              3,968
            Share of total comprehensive income for the year                               3,152              3,968

      10   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income


                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


            Listed equity securities                                                          70              2,648
            Unlisted equity investments                                                    9,824              1,337


                                                                                           9,894              3,985

           The investments mainly represent equity investments in various investment fund companies, investment
           holding companies and venture capital fund companies. The fair values of these investments were
           determined mainly based on direct comparison approach by making reference to quoted market price or
           recent transaction prices of similar deals.

      11   Completed properties held for sale


                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


            Completed properties held for sale                                            46,354             49,587

           The completed properties held for sale are mainly located in Mainland China.




190
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




12   Inventories


                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                             RMB million         RMB million


      Construction materials and other inventories                                  9,689             10,907

     Inventories were mainly charged to properties under development upon utilisation.

13   Trade and other receivables


                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                             RMB million         RMB million


      Included in current assets
      — Trade receivables — net (note (a))                                         35,984             35,742
      — Other receivables — net (note (b))                                        297,246            272,910
      — Loans to third parties — net                                                   —                  11
      — Prepayments for land (note (c))                                            36,131             67,009
      — Other prepayments (note (d))                                               37,437             35,265


                                                                                  406,798            410,937


      Included in non-current assets
      — Deposits for acquisitions of companies (note (e))                          13,414             13,968


                                                                                  420,212            424,905

     As at 31 December 2021, the carrying value of trade and other receivables approximated their fair value.

     (a)   Details of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                  2021                2020
                                                                             RMB million         RMB million


            Trade receivables                                                      36,212             35,955
            Less: allowance for impairment                                           (228)              (213)


            Trade receivables — net                                                35,984             35,742




                                                                                                                191
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      13   Trade and other receivables (Continued)

           (a)   (Continued)

                 Trade receivables mainly arise from sales of properties. Property buyers are generally granted credit
                 terms of 1 to 6 months. The ageing analysis of trade receivables based on property delivery date is
                 as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


                  Within 90 days                                                          30,395             30,238
                  Over 90 days and within 180 days                                         2,657              2,593
                  Over 180 days and within 365 days                                        2,554              2,542
                  Over 365 days                                                              606                582


                                                                                          36,212             35,955

                 As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, trade receivables were mainly denominated in RMB.

                 The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
                 HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2021, a provision of RMB228 million (31 December 2020: RMB213
                 million) was made against the gross amounts of trade receivables (note 3 (a)(iii)).

                 There is no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large
                 number of buyers. Trade receivables were collateralised by the titles of the properties sold.




192
                                 COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




13   Trade and other receivables (Continued)

     (b)   Details of other receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                        2021                      2020
                                                                                                   RMB million               RMB million


                 Amounts due from joint ventures, associates and other
                   related parties                                                                       119,356                   99,506
                 Land auction and other deposits                                                          14,407                    9,106
                 Others (i)                                                                              169,910                  169,088


                                                                                                         303,673                  277,700
                 Less: allowance for impairment                                                           (6,427)                   (4,790)


                 Other receivables — net                                                                 297,246                  272,910

           (i)       These receivables mainly included current accounts due from the other shareholders of certain subsidiaries, joint ventures
                     and associates of the Group, which are mainly interest-free, unsecured and repayable according to contract terms.


     (c)   Prepayments for land are related to prepaid land acquisition costs while relevant land use right
           certificates have not been obtained as at 31 December 2021.

     (d)   Other prepayments mainly included prepaid value-added taxes and prepayments for purchases of
           construction materials and services.

     (e)   Amounts represent deposits paid for acquisitions of certain property development companies which
           have not been completed as at the year end.




                                                                                                                                                  193
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      14   Contract assets and contract acquisition costs

           Details of contract assets and contract acquisition costs are as follows:

                                                                                                               2021                    2020
                                                                                                          RMB million             RMB million


                 Contract assets related to sales of properties (note (i))                                         7,060                 7,200
                 Contract assets related to construction services (note (i))                                       5,630                 6,067
                 Contract acquisition costs (note (ii))                                                           10,912                 8,693


                 Total contract assets and contract acquisition costs                                             23,602                21,960

           Notes:


           (i)       Contract assets consist of unbilled amount resulting from sale of properties and construction services when revenue recognised
                     exceeds the amount billed to the buyer.


           (ii)      Management expected the contract acquisition costs, represented primarily sale commission and stamp duty paid/payable for
                     obtaining property sale contracts are recoverable. The Group has deferred them and will charge them to profit or loss when the
                     related revenue is recognised. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the total amount charged to profit or loss was RMB5,403
                     million (2020: RMB4,196 million) and there was no impairment loss in relation to the remaining balance.


      15   Restricted cash

           The balance mainly represented unreleased guarantee deposits for construction of pre-sale properties
           denominated in RMB and RM placed in designated bank accounts as at 31 December 2021, and will be
           released in accordance with certain construction progress milestones.

      16   Cash and cash equivalents


                                                                                                               2021                    2020
                                                                                                          RMB million             RMB million


                 Cash at banks and in hand                                                                       181,300              183,623


                 Less: restricted cash (note 15)                                                                 (34,346)              (16,470)


                                                                                                                 146,954              167,153




194
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




16   Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

     Cash and deposits are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                RMB million          RMB million


      Denominated in RMB                                                             175,603             178,231
      Denominated in HKD                                                                 585               1,220
      Denominated in USD                                                               1,706               1,349
      Denominated in RM                                                                2,128               2,245
      Denominated in other currencies                                                  1,278                 578


                                                                                     181,300             183,623

     The conversion of RMB and RM denominated balances into other currencies and the remittance of bank
     balances and cash out of the PRC and Malaysia are subject to relevant rules and regulations of foreign
     exchange control promulgated by the PRC and Malaysian governments.

     As at 31 December 2021, the balance of guarantee deposits for construction of pre-sale properties
     included in cash and cash equivalents was approximately RMB55,145 million.

17   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss


                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                RMB million          RMB million


      Listed equity security (note (a))                                                   242               1,540
      Unlisted equity investments (note (a))                                            9,494               3,273
      Wealth management products (note (b))                                             4,471               1,783


                                                                                      14,207                6,596

     (a)   The investments mainly represent listed and unlisted equity investments in various industries. The fair
           values of these investments were determined mainly based on direct comparison approach by making
           reference to quoted market price, recent transaction prices of similar deals or valuation reports.

     (b)   Wealth management products are mainly investments in financial products issued by financial institutions.
           The carrying values of these investments approximated their fair values as at 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                                       195
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      18   Trade and other payables


                                                                                          2021                  2020
                                                                                     RMB million           RMB million


            Trade payables (note (a))                                                      285,122            389,384
            Other payables (note (b))                                                      206,711            211,768
            Other taxes payable (note (c))                                                  49,760             49,275
            Salaries payable                                                                 8,998              9,866


                                                                                           550,591            660,293

           As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximated their fair values.

           (a)   The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the date of the liability recognition on accrual basis is
                 as follows:

                                                                                          2021                  2020
                                                                                     RMB million           RMB million


                  Within 365 days                                                          280,940            385,232
                  Over 365 days                                                              4,182              4,152


                                                                                           285,122            389,384

           (b)   Other payables mainly included deposits from property buyers and current accounts due to certain joint
                 ventures, associates and other shareholders of certain subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates of
                 the Group and outstanding considerations to acquire certain subsidiaries, joint ventures and
                 associates. These amounts are interest-free, unsecured and repayable according to contract terms.

           (c)   Other taxes payable mainly included output value-added taxes related to receipt in advance from
                 customers amounted to approximately RMB69,163 million (31 December 2020: RMB68,578 million),
                 value-added taxes payable and other taxes.




196
                             COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




19   Contract liabilities


                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                         RMB million         RMB million


      Contract liabilities                                                    709,255           695,614

     The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts.
     Payments are usually received in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from
     sales of properties.

     (a)   Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities


                                                                              2021                2020
                                                                         RMB million         RMB million


            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract
              liability balance at the beginning of the year                  350,602           339,327




                                                                                                             197
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      20   Derivative financial instruments


                                                                2021                            2020
                                                         Assets      Liabilities         Assets       Liabilities
                                                     RMB million RMB million         RMB million    RMB million


            Qualified for hedge accounting
            — Foreign currency option contracts
                  (note (a))                                     4           686              40             432
            — Foreign exchange structured
                  derivatives contracts (note (b))              —            206              —              109
            — Foreign exchange forward contracts
                  (note (c))                                    —            590              —            1,159
            — Cross currency swaps (note (d))                   —             —               —               80

            Not qualified for hedge accounting
            — Foreign exchange forward contracts                —              29             84              46
            — Foreign currency option contracts                 —              —              —               55
            — Cross currency swaps                              19              7             52               8
            — Interest rate swaps                                1             61             —              164

            Others
            — Embedded financial derivative of
                 convertible bonds (note 23)                   —             200              —            1,563
            — Purchased call options (note (f))               314             —              737              —


                                                              338           1,779            913           3,616


            Analysed as:
            Current                                            18             695            101           1,084
            Non-current                                       320           1,084            812           2,532


                                                              338           1,779            913           3,616

           The total notional principal amounts of the derivative financial instruments for hedging purpose at 31
           December 2021 were RMB46,097 million (2020: RMB74,620 million), of which RMB35,799 million (2020:
           RMB61,401 million) were qualified for hedge accounting (cash flow hedge). These contracts will mature
           during the years from 2022 to 2025 (2020: 2021 to 2026).




198
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




20   Derivative financial instruments (Continued)

     The effects of applying hedge accounting on the Group’s financial position and performance are as follows:

     (a)   Derivative financial instruments — foreign currency option contracts


                                                                                                                2021                      2020


                 Carrying amount (RMB million)                                                             (682)                     (392)
                 Notional amount (RMB million)                                                           23,303                    29,395
                                                                                                14 January 2022           13 January 2021
                                                                                                 to 22 October             to 11 December
                 Maturity date                                                                             2025                      2026
                 Hedge ratio*                                                                                1:1                       1:1
                 Change in foreign exchange risk component of outstanding
                   hedging instruments during the year (RMB million)                                             (397)                    (851)
                 Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge
                   effectiveness during the year (RMB million)                                               394                       894
                 Strike rate (USD:RMB range)                                                       6.5800–7.1250             6.5800–7.1250

     (b)   Derivative financial instruments — foreign exchange structured derivatives contracts (note (i))


                                                                                                                2021                      2020


                 Carrying amount (RMB million)                                                              (206)                     (109)
                 Notional amount (RMB million)                                                             3,570                     3,654
                                                                                                 22 July 2022 to           22 July 2022 to
                 Maturity date                                                                      25 July 2022             25 July 2022
                 Hedge ratio*                                                                                 1:1                       1:1
                 Change in foreign exchange risk component of outstanding
                   hedging instruments during the year (RMB million)                                              (84)                    (393)
                 Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge
                   effectiveness during the year (RMB million)                                                87                       399
                 Strike rate (USD:RMB range)                                                       6.6250–6.8000             6.6250–6.8000

           (i)       Foreign exchange structured derivatives contracts are cross-currency swaps with options against exchange rate risk of interest
                     and principal repayment.




                                                                                                                                                      199
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      20   Derivative financial instruments (Continued)

           (c)   Derivative financial instruments — Foreign exchange forward contracts


                                                                                                                   2021                     2020


                     Carrying amount (RMB million)                                                            (590)                   (1,159)
                     Notional amount (RMB million)                                                           8,926                    26,586
                                                                                                   13 January 2022          13 January 2021
                                                                                                     to 17 January             to 17 January
                     Maturity date                                                                            2025                      2025
                     Hedge ratio*                                                                               1:1                       1:1
                     Change in foreign exchange risk component of outstanding
                       hedging instruments during the year (RMB million)                                           (333)                  (1,964)
                     Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge
                       effectiveness during the year (RMB million)                                              383                    1,927
                     Strike rate (USD:RMB range)                                                      6.6100–7.0250            6.6000–7.0960
                     Strike rate (HKD:RMB range)                                                                N/A                   0.9010

           (d)   Derivative financial instruments — Cross currency swaps


                                                                                                                   2021                     2020


                     Carrying amount (RMB million)                                                                    —                 (80)
                     Notional amount (RMB million)                                                                    —               1,766
                     Maturity date                                                                                    —     19 October 2021
                     Hedge ratio*                                                                                    1:1                 1:1
                     Change in foreign exchange risk component of outstanding
                       hedging instruments during the year (RMB million)                                             (23)                   (261)
                     Change in value of hedged item used to determine hedge
                       effectiveness during the year (RMB million)                                                    26                 233
                     Strike rate (HKD:RMB range)                                                                      —        0.8600–0.8760

                 *       The foreign currency option contracts, foreign exchange structured derivatives contracts, foreign exchange forward contracts
                         and cross currency swap are denominated in the same currency as the highly probable future debt payments (USD and
                         HKD), therefore the hedge ratio is 1:1.




200
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




20   Derivative financial instruments (Continued)

     (e)   Reserves


                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


            Cash flow hedge reserve
            At 1 January                                                                (130)                (15)
            Change in fair value of hedging instrument recognised in
              other comprehensive income for the year (effective
              portion)                                                                  (837)             (3,469)
            Reclassified to profit or loss                                               847               3,354


            At 31 December                                                              (120)               (130)


                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


            Deferred costs of hedging reserve — deferred time value
            At 1 January                                                                 686                (157)
            (Losses)/gains of hedging deferred for the year                             (556)                433
            Reclassified to profit or loss                                               323                 410


            At 31 December                                                               453                 686

     (f)   In November 2018, the Group entered into call option transactions involving: i) the sale of call options
           by certain third parties to the Group with a strike price equal to the conversion price of the 2023
           Convertible Bonds at a total premium of approximately HKD2,793 million (the “Purchased Call
           Options”); and ii) the sale of call options by the Group to certain third parties with a strike price of
           HKD17.908 (subsequent adjusted to HKD16.94) at a total premium of approximately HKD1,528 million
           (the “Written Call Options”). The Purchased Call Options and the Written Call Options are expected
           generally to reduce or offset the potential dilution upon conversion of the 2023 Convertible Bonds
           and/or offset any cash payments the Group is required to make in excess of the principal amount of
           the 2023 Convertible Bonds being converted, as the case may be. The Purchased Call Options and
           the Written Call Options will cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those
           applicable to the 2023 Convertible Bonds, the equivalent number of ordinary shares of the Company
           underlying the 2023 Convertible Bonds. The premium paid for the Purchased Call Options and the
           premium received and receivable for the Written Call Options are accounted for as derivative financial
           assets and other reserve within equity (note 27) respectively in the consolidated statement of financial
           position.




                                                                                                                      201
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      21   Senior notes


                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                    RMB million    RMB million


            At 1 January                                                 73,410        64,893
            Additions (note (a))                                         12,240        24,131
            Early redemption/repurchase (note (a))                       (7,915)        (5,151)
            Repayment upon maturity (note (a))                             (950)        (6,233)
            Interest expenses                                             4,201          4,398
            Coupon interest paid                                         (3,964)        (3,735)
            Exchange differences                                         (1,953)        (4,893)


            At 31 December                                               75,069        73,410
            Less: current portion included in current liabilities        (8,283)        (2,219)


            Included in non-current liabilities                          66,786        71,191

           Senior notes were repayable as follows:

                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                    RMB million    RMB million


            Within 1 year                                                 8,283         2,219
            Between 1 and 2 years                                         3,946        10,881
            Between 2 and 5 years                                        45,778        33,014
            Over 5 years                                                 17,062        27,296


                                                                         75,069        73,410




202
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




21   Senior notes (Continued)

     (a)   The Group has issued the following senior notes:


                                                                                             Term of
            Name of notes                      Par value Interest rate   Issue date          the notes
                                                   million


            Carried forward from prior years and remained outstanding at 31 December 2021:

            2026 Notes                          USD324        5.625%     15 December 2016    10 years
            2022 Notes                          USD700        4.750%     25 July 2017        5 years
            2023 Notes III — tranche I          USD250        4.750%     17 January 2018     5 years
            2023 Notes III — tranche II*        USD375        4.750%     31 July 2018        4.5 years
            2025 Notes — tranche I              USD600        5.125%     17 January 2018     7 years
            2025 Notes — tranche II**           USD150        5.125%     4 September 2018    6.4 years
            2022 Notes II                       USD411        7.125%     27 September 2018   3.5 years
            2024 Notes — tranche I              USD550        8.000%     27 September 2018   5.5 years
            2024 Notes — tranche II***          USD450        8.000%     25 January 2019     5 years
            2024 Notes II                       USD550        6.500%     08 April 2019       5 years
            2026 Notes II — tranche I           USD950        7.250%     08 April 2019       7 years
            2026 Notes II — tranche II****      USD400        7.250%     18 July 2019        6.7 years
            2025 Notes II                       USD500        6.150%     17 September 2019   6 years
            2027 Notes                          USD550        5.125%     14 January 2020     7 years
            2030 Notes                          USD450        5.625%     14 January 2020     10 years
            2025 Notes III                      USD544        5.400%     27 May 2020         5 years
            2026 Notes III                      USD500        4.200%     06 August 2020      5.5 years
            2030 Notes II                       USD500        4.800%     06 August 2020      10 years
            2025 Notes IV                       USD500        3.125%     22 October 2020     5 years
            2030 Notes III                      USD500        3.875%     22 October 2020     10 years

            Issued during the year:

            2026 Notes IV                       USD500        2.700%     12 January 2021     5.5 years
            2031 Notes                          USD700        3.300%     12 January 2021     10 years
            2025 Notes IV — tranche II*****     USD500        3.125%     18 May 2021         4.4 years
            2026 Notes IV — tranche II******    USD200        2.700%     20 July 2021        5 years




                                                                                                         203
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      21   Senior notes (Continued)

           (a)   The Group has issued the following senior notes: (Continued)


                                                                                                                                      Term of
                       Name of notes                               Par value Interest rate             Issue date                     the notes
                                                                       million


                       Repaid during the year on maturity:

                       2021 Notes II                                 RMB950              5.800%        12 March 2018                  3 years

                       Early redemption during the year:

                       2022 Notes III (note (ii))                    USD550              7.125%        25 January 2019                3 years
                       2023 Notes II (note (iii))                    USD650              4.750%        28 September 2016              7 years
                       2026 Notes (note(iv))                          USD26              5.625%        15 December 2016               10 years

                       Repurchase during the year:

                       2022 Notes II (note(v))                         USD14             7.125%        27 September 2018              3.5 years

                 *         2023 Notes III — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2023 Notes III — tranche I.


                 **        2025 Notes — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2025 Notes — tranche I.


                 ***       2024 Notes — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2024 Notes — tranche I.


                 ****      2026 Notes II — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2026 Notes II — tranche I.


                 *****     2025 Note IV — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2025 Notes IV.


                 ******    2026 Notes IV — tranche II was consolidated and form a single series with the 2026 Notes IV.


                 (i)       The weighted average effective interest rate of the senior notes is 5.59% (2020: 6.08%).


                 (ii)      On 5 February 2021 (the “Redemption Date I”), all the outstanding 2022 Notes III were early redeemed at a redemption price
                           equal to 103.5625% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest of approximately USD1 million up to
                           the Redemption Date I. The total redemption price paid by the Company on the Redemption Date I was approximately
                           USD571 million. The excess of the redemption price over the carrying amount of the 2022 Notes III amounting to USD549
                           million (equivalent to approximately RMB3,545 million), on the Redemption Date I, which is approximately USD22 million
                           (equivalent to approximately RMB141 million), was charged to profit or loss under ‘finance income — net’.




204
                               COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




21   Senior notes (Continued)
     (a)   The Group has issued the following senior notes: (Continued)

           (iii)   On 11 June 2021 (the “Redemption Date II”), all the outstanding 2023 Notes II were early redeemed at a redemption price
                   equal to 102.375% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest of approximately USD6 million up to
                   the Redemption Date II. The total redemption price paid by the Company on the Redemption Date II was approximately
                   USD672 million. The excess of the redemption price over the carrying amount of the 2023 Notes II amounting to USD651
                   million (equivalent to approximately RMB4,112 million) on the Redemption Date II, which is approximately USD21 million
                   (equivalent to approximately RMB137 million), was charged to profit or loss under ‘finance income — net’.


           (iv)    On 15 December 2021 (the “Redemption Date III”), the outstanding 2026 Notes were partially redeemed at a redemption
                   price equal to 100% of the principal amount redeemed thereof. The total redemption price paid by the Company on the
                   Redemption Date III was approximately USD26.3 million. The excess of the redemption price over the carrying amount of
                   the 2026 Notes amounting to USD26.1 million (equivalent to approximately RMB167 million) on the Redemption Date III,
                   which is approximately USD0.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1 million), was charged to profit or loss under
                   ‘finance income — net’.


           (v)     On 20 Dec 2021 and 21 Dec 2021 (the “Repurchase Date I & Repurchase Date II”), the outstanding 2022 Notes II were
                   partially repurchased in the open market at repurchase prices equal to 100.5% and 100% of the principal amount of the
                   2022 Notes II. The total repurchase price paid by the Company on the Repurchase Date I & Repurchase Date II was
                   approximately USD14.4 million. The excess of the repurchase price over the carrying amount of the 2022 Notes II
                   amounting to USD14.3 million (equivalent to approximately RMB91 million) on the Repurchase Date I & Repurchase Date II,
                   which is approximately USD0.1 million (equivalent to approximately RMB0.6 million), was charged to profit or loss under
                   ‘finance income — net’.


     (b)   As at 31 December 2021, all senior notes are listed on the SGX, and contain various early redemption
           options and put option.

           Early redemption options exercisable by the Group are regarded as embedded derivatives not closely
           related to the host contract. The directors of the Company consider that the fair value of the above
           early redemption options was insignificant on initial recognition date and at 31 December 2021 and
           2020.

           The fair values of the senior notes at 31 December 2021 were approximately RMB66,059 million
           (2020: RMB77,724 million).The fair value is calculated using the market prices of the senior notes on
           the date of consolidated statement of financial position as they are listed on SGX and the fair value
           measurement is categorised within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.

     (c)   The Group’s senior notes are guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Group and secured by the equity
           interests in certain subsidiaries of the Group, and subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
           certain debt servicing financial indicators. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these
           covenants. As at 31 December 2021, none of these covenants had been breached.




                                                                                                                                             205
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      22   Corporate bonds


                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                    RMB million    RMB million


            At 1 January                                                 40,480         46,400
            Additions (note (a))                                         18,899         22,155
            Repayment                                                   (24,984)       (28,039)
            Interest expenses                                             1,844           2,723
            Coupon interest paid                                         (1,946)         (2,691)
            Exchange differences                                           (133)             (68)


            At 31 December                                               34,160         40,480
            Less: current portion included in current liabilities        (6,345)       (25,784)


            Included in non-current liabilities                          27,815        14,696

           The Group’s corporate bonds are repayable as follows:

                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                    RMB million    RMB million


            Within 1 year                                                 6,345        25,784
            Between 1 and 2 years                                        23,975         5,226
            Between 2 and 5 years                                         3,687         9,308
            Over 5 years                                                    153           162


                                                                         34,160        40,480




206
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




22   Corporate bonds (Continued)

     (a)   The Group’s corporate bonds comprised the followings as at 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                 Term of
            Name of bonds                          Par value Interest rate   Issue date          the bonds
                                                  RMB million


             RMB corporate bonds tranche
              IV of the Company issued in
              2016 — series II*                        3,904       5.65%     2 September 2021    2 years
            RMB corporate bonds of Giant
              Leap issued in 2016 — series
              II (note (b))*                             492       4.50%     21 October 2021     2 years
            RMB corporate bonds of Giant
              Leap issued in 2020 —
              tranche I (notes (b) and (c))            2,000       4.28%     15 September 2020   4 years
            RMB corporate bonds of Giant
              Leap issued in 2020 —
              tranche II (notes (b) and (c))           2,000       4.64%     23 November 2020    4 years
            RMB corporate bonds of Giant
              Leap issued in 2021 —
              tranche I (notes (b) and (c))            2,000       4.27%     8 January 2021      4 years
            RMB medium-term notes of
              Giant Leap issued in 2021
              — tranche I (notes (b) and (c))          1,000       4.70%     6 May 2021          4 years
            RMB medium-term notes of
              Giant Leap issued in 2021
              — tranche II (notes (b) and (c))         1,270       4.62%     21 July 2021        4 years
            RMB medium-term notes of
              Giant Leap issued in 2021
              — tranche III (notes (b) and (c))          800       4.69%     12 August 2021      4 years
            RMB corporate bonds of Country
              Garden Property issued in
              2019 — tranche I (note (c))                590       5.03%     2 April 2019        5 years
            RMB corporate bonds of
              Country Garden Property
              issued in 2019 — tranche II*             2,209       4.50%     1 August 2021       2 years
            RMB corporate bonds of
              Country Garden Property
              issued in 2019 — tranche III*              993       4.98%     20 November 2021    2 years




                                                                                                             207
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      22   Corporate bonds (Continued)

           (a)   The Group’s corporate bonds comprised the followings as at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                    Term of
                  Name of bonds                     Par value Interest rate    Issue date           the bonds
                                                   RMB million


                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2020 — tranche I (note (c))           3,400        4.20%    1 April 2020         5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2020 — tranche II (note (c))          1,360        4.19%    7 July 2020          5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2020 — tranche III (note (c))         2,000        4.38%    24 September 2020    5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2020 — tranche IV (note (c))          1,778        4.15%    3 November 2020      5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2021 — tranche I (note (c))           2,000        4.80%    12 March 2021        5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2021 — tranche II (note (c))          1,100        4.80%    15 June 2021         5 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2021 — tranche III (note (c))         1,435        4.33%    14 September 2021    4 years
                  RMB corporate bonds of Country
                   Garden Property issued in
                   2021 — tranche IV (note (c))          1,000        6.30%    17 December 2021     4 years




208
                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




22   Corporate bonds (Continued)

     (a)   The Group’s corporate bonds comprised the followings as at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                              Term of
            Name of bonds                     Par value Interest rate    Issue date           the bonds
                                             RMB million


            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2018 (note (b))              325         6.60%    23 February 2018     5 years
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2019 — tranche III
             (note (b))                             213         6.40%    18 March 2019        3 years
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2019 — tranche IV
             (note (b))                             116         6.40%    8 May 2019           3 years
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2020 — tranche V
             (note (b))                             166         5.70%    2 March 2020         7 years
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2021 — tranche VI
             (note (b))                             160         3.75%    4 March 2021         1 year
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2020 — tranche VII
             (note (b))                             481         5.25%    27 March 2020        5 years
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2021 — tranche VIII
             (note (b))                             158         3.75%    5 April 2021         1 year
            RM private corporate bonds of
             Malaysia Country Garden
             issued in 2021 — tranche IX
             (note (b))                               79        4.90%    4 May 2021           5 years




                                                                                                          209
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      22   Corporate bonds (Continued)

           (a)   The Group’s corporate bonds comprised the followings as at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                        Term of
                     Name of bonds                     Par value Interest rate    Issue date            the bonds
                                                      RMB million


                     RM private corporate bonds of
                       Malaysia Country Garden
                       issued in 2021 — tranche X
                       (note (b))                             92        4.13%     26 July 2021          1 year
                     THB private corporate bonds of
                       Risland (Thailand) Company
                       Limited issued in 2019
                       (note (b))                            334        4.75%     24 July 2019          3 years
                     The Guaranteed Debentures of
                       Risland (Thailand) Company
                       Limited No. 1/2564 Tranche 2
                       Due B.E. 2566 (note (b))               76        4.00%     29 September 2021     2 years
                     The Guaranteed Debentures of
                       Risland (Thailand) Company
                       Limited No. 1/2564 Tranche 1
                       Due B.E. 2565 (note (b))              110        3.70%     1 October 2021        1 year
                     The Guaranteed Debentures of
                       Risland (Thailand) Company
                       Limited No. 1/2564 Tranche 3
                       Due B.E. 2567 (note (b))               72        4.75%     1 October 2021        3 years

                 *       Refinanced during the year


                 The weighted average effective interest rate of the corporate bonds is 4.85% (2020: 5.10%).

           (b)   The corporate bonds issued by Giant Leap, Malaysia Country Garden and Risland (Thailand) Company
                 Limited were guaranteed by certain subsidiaries of the Group.




210
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




22   Corporate bonds (Continued)
     (c)   RMB corporate bonds of Giant Leap issued in 2020 — tranche I, RMB corporate bonds of Giant Leap
           issued in 2020 — tranche II, RMB corporate bonds of Giant Leap issued in 2021 — tranche I, RMB
           medium-term notes of Giant Leap issued in 2021 — tranche I, RMB medium-term notes of Giant
           Leap issued in 2021 — tranche II, RMB medium-term notes of Giant Leap issued in 2021 — tranche
           III, RMB corporate bonds of Country Garden Property issued in 2019 — tranche I and RMB corporate
           bonds issued in 2020 and 2021 by Country Garden Property contain a debt component, put options
           and coupon rate adjustment options.

           Debt component represents the present value of the contractually determined stream of future cash
           flows discounted at the prevailing market interest rate at that time applicable to instruments of
           comparable credit status and providing substantially the same cash flows, on the same terms, but
           without the embedded derivatives.

           The directors of the Company consider that the fair values of the above put options and coupon rate
           adjustment options were insignificant on initial recognition date and at 31 December 2021 and 2020.

     (d)   Certain corporate bonds will mature within one year to the contractual repricing dates, which is included
           in current liabilities of the consolidated statement of financial position.

           The fair values of the corporate bonds at 31 December 2021 were RMB33,047 million (2020: RMB
           41,131 million). All RMB public corporate bonds issued by Giant Leap and Country Garden Property
           are categorised within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as they are listed on the Shanghai Stock
           Exchange, Shenzhen Stock Exchange and National Association of Financial Market Institutional
           Investors. The fair value measurement of other corporate bonds is categorised within level 3 of the fair
           value hierarchy as they are private placements. The fair values of these corporate bonds are
           calculated based on the discounted cash flows of the principal and interest payments.




                                                                                                                       211
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      23   Convertible bonds

           On 21 November 2018, the Group entered into a subscription agreement for HKD-settled convertible bonds
           in an aggregate principal amount of HKD7,830 million (equivalent to approximately RMB6,868 million) due 5
           December 2023 (the “2023 Convertible Bonds”), with an initial conversion price of HKD12.584 per share.
           On 5 December 2018, the 2023 Convertible Bonds were issued. The conversion price was subsequently
           modified to HKD10.47 per share as a result of payment of dividend in 2020 and 2021. The initial value of
           the liability component was calculated using a market interest rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond of
           the Company. As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the embedded financial derivative of convertible
           bond was RMB200 million (2020: RMB1,563 million) (note 20).

           Movement of the 2023 Convertible Bonds is set out as follows:

                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million


            Liability component as at 1 January                                             5,272               5,517
            Early redemption                                                               (3,245)               (223)
            Interest expenses                                                                 577                 595
            Coupon interest paid                                                             (278)               (304)
            Exchange differences                                                             (158)               (313)


            Liability component as at 31 December                                           2,168               5,272
            Less: current portion included in current liabilities                              (8)                 (20)


            Included in non-current liabilities                                             2,160               5,252

           Interest expenses are calculated by applying the effective interest rate of 11.84% (2020: 11.84%) per
           annum to the liability component.

           (a)   The 2023 Convertible Bonds are guaranteed by the Company and certain subsidiaries of the Group
                 and secured by the equity interests in certain subsidiaries of the Group.

           (b)   As at 31 December 2021, there has been no conversion of the 2023 Convertible Bonds. The Group
                 partially redeemed the 2023 Convertible Bonds at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal
                 amount redeemed, with an aggregate redemption amount of HKD4,524 million during 2021. The early
                 redemption cost was approximately RMB47 million.




212
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




24   Bank and other borrowings


                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                            RMB million         RMB million


      Non-current liabilities:
      — secured                                                                  144,788            121,768
      — unsecured                                                                 50,195              66,478
      Less: current portion of non-current liabilities                           (52,840)            (49,141)


                                                                                 142,143            139,105


      Included in current liabilities:
      — secured                                                                    4,401             10,340
      — unsecured                                                                  7,141              8,737
      Current portion of non-current liabilities                                  52,840             49,141


                                                                                  64,382             68,218


      Total bank and other borrowings                                            206,525            207,323

     The Group’s borrowings as at 31 December 2021 of RMB149,189 million (2020: RMB132,108 million) were
     secured by the Group’s certain properties (note 6), right-of-use assets and equipment (note 8) with total
     carrying values of RMB103,354 million (2020: RMB87,099 million), and/or equity investment interests.




                                                                                                                 213
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      24   Bank and other borrowings (Continued)

           At 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank and other borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million


            Within 1 year                                                                   64,382              68,218
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                           83,971              74,012
            Between 2 and 5 years                                                           55,034              58,868
            Over 5 years                                                                     3,138               6,225


                                                                                          206,525             207,323

           The weighted average effective interest rate for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 5.68% per annum
           (2020: 6.36% per annum).

           The carrying amounts of the bank and other borrowings approximated their fair values as these borrowings
           are mainly floating-rate borrowings.

           The carrying amounts of the bank and other borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million


            RMB                                                                           161,301             159,982
            HKD                                                                            20,258              16,543
            USD                                                                            20,228              22,851
            RM                                                                              3,176               3,397
            Others                                                                          1,562               4,550


                                                                                          206,525             207,323

           Certain of the Group’s bank and other borrowings are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
           certain debt servicing financial indicators. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants.
           As at 31 December 2021, none of these covenants had been breached.




214
                                    COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




25   Share capital and premium
                                                      Nominal        Equivalent
                                      Number of       value of    nominal value
                                        ordinary      ordinary      of ordinary        Share                    Treasury
                                         shares         shares          shares      premium          Total        shares     Group total
                                          million   HKD million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million    RMB million


      Authorised
      At 1 January 2020,
         31 December 2020
         and 2021, HKD0.10
         per share                      100,000         10,000


      Issued and fully paid
      At 1 January 2020                  21,845          2,184           2,050        30,053        32,103         (2,352)       29,751
      Issue of shares as a
         result of scrip dividend            162            16              15         1,451         1,466             —          1,466
      Exercise of employee
         share schemes                        28             3               2           183           185            93            278


      At 31 December 2020                22,035          2,203           2,067        31,687        33,754         (2,259)       31,495

      Issued and fully paid
      At 1 January 2021                  22,035          2,203           2,067        31,687        33,754         (2,259)       31,495
      Issue of shares as a
         result of scrip dividend
         (note 34)                         1,100           110              91         7,199         7,290          (127)         7,163
      Exercise of employee
         share schemes                        13             1               1            42            43            86            129


      At 31 December 2021                23,148          2,314           2,159        38,928        41,087         (2,300)       38,787




                                                                                                                                           215
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      26   Employee share schemes

           The share-based compensation expenses recognised during the year are as follows:

                                                                                        2021                 2020
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million


            Share option scheme                                                              36                 145
            Share award scheme                                                              448                 260


                                                                                            484                 405

           (a)   Share option scheme
                 Since 13 December 2013, the Group granted certain share options to certain directors of the
                 Company and employees in connection with a profit sharing incentive scheme (the “Incentive
                 Scheme”) adopted by the Group. Pursuant to the Incentive Scheme, certain portion of the bonus
                 calculated in accordance with the Incentive Scheme to certain senior management and employees is
                 settled in cash, while the remaining portion is settled in the Company’s shares as the consideration
                 for the costs to exercise the share options. The vesting period of the share options is generally 5
                 years from their respective grant dates. The fair value of the share options at the grant date
                 approximated the portion of bonus which is to be settled in the Company’s shares.

                 Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise
                 prices are as follows:

                                                           2021                                  2020
                                            Weighted-average        Number of     Weighted-average        Number of
                                               exercise price         options        exercise price         options
                                             (HKD per share)                       (HKD per share)


                  At 1 January                          7.981       17,863,579               8.884        27,229,877
                  Granted                               9.685       20,199,633               9.108        19,970,881
                  Exercised                             9.071      (13,073,173)              9.743       (28,412,545)
                  Lapsed                                   —                —                4.773          (924,634)


                  At 31 December                        8,788       24,990,039               7.981       17,863,579




216
                               COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




26   Employee share schemes (Continued)

     (a)   Share option scheme (Continued)
           Particulars of share options outstanding as at 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                          Exercise     Number of       Number of       Number of       Number of       Number of
                                                     price in HKD    share options   share options   share options   share options   share options
            Date of grant         Expiry date            per share        granted          lapsed       exercised        cancelled    outstanding


            30 November 2012      29 November 2022          3.646      3,044,358               —       3,044,358               —               —
            13 December 2013      12 December 2023          4.773      6,264,738       1,468,704       3,018,853               —       1,777,181
            16 March 2016         15 March 2026             3.332      2,431,903              —          925,676               —       1,506,227
            11 May 2016           10 May 2026               3.106      1,599,861              —               —                —       1,599,861
            19 August 2016        18 August 2026            3.740      1,265,081              —          449,031               —         816,050
            22 May 2017           21 May 2027               8.250      2,895,406              —               —                —       2,895,406
            24 August 2017        23 August 2027           10.100        978,409              —               —                —         978,409
            8 December 2017       7 December 2027          12.980        659,817              —               —                —         659,817
            21 March 2018         20 March 2028            16.460        948,535              —               —                —         948,535
            10 May 2018           9 May 2028               16.280        258,092              —               —                —         258,092
            18 May 2018           17 May 2028              16.720      6,517,965              —               —        6,517,965              —
            22 August 2018        21 August 2028           12.240        202,300              —               —               —          202,300
            6 December 2018       5 December 2028           9.654        619,907              —               —               —          619,907
            25 March 2019         24 March 2029            12.044     12,770,908              —       12,356,027              —          414,881
            9 May 2019            8 May 2029               12.408        750,160              —               —               —          750,160
            23 August 2019        22 August 2029            9.834      1,039,436              —               —               —        1,039,436
            5 December 2019       4 December 2029          11.092     10,464,274              —        9,825,134              —          639,140
            30 March 2020         29 March 2030             9.030     18,587,411              —       18,587,411              —               —
            12 May 2020           11 May 2030              10.040        523,467              —               —               —          523,467
            24 July 2020          23 July 2030             10.160        480,615              —               —               —          480,615
            3 December 2020       2 December 2030          10.332        379,388              —               —               —          379,388
            26 March 2021         25 March 2031             9.730     13,243,976              —       11,698,466              —        1,545,510
            08 June 2021          07 June 2031              9.600      6,955,657              —               —               —        6,955,657


                                                                                                                                      24,990,039


           The Group has to estimate the expected percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group at the
           end of vesting periods (the “Expected Retention Rate”) of the shares option scheme in order to
           determine the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31
           December 2021, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 100% (2020: 100%).




                                                                                                                                                     217
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      26   Employee share schemes (Continued)

           (b)   Share award scheme
                 Pursuant to the Incentive Scheme, certain portion of the bonus to certain senior management and
                 employees, calculated in accordance with the Incentive Scheme is settled in cash, while the remaining
                 portion is settled in the Company’s shares (the “Awarded Shares”). The vesting period of the
                 Awarded Shares is 5 years from their respective grant dates.

                 The Group planned to use treasury shares to award the grantees of the Awarded Shares. The
                 Awarded Shares are held by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, on behalf of these senior
                 management and employees until the end of vesting periods.

                 The fair value of these Awarded Shares at the grant date approximated the portion of bonus which is
                 to be settled in the Company’s shares.

                 Movements in the number of Awarded Shares are as follows:

                                                                                           2021                2020


                  At 1 January                                                      172,460,782        152,433,711
                  Granted                                                            32,594,406          42,651,245
                  Lapsed                                                             (9,548,961)        (11,363,690)
                  Exercised                                                         (11,068,307)        (11,260,484)


                  At 31 December                                                    184,437,920        172,460,782

                 The Group has to estimate the Expected Retention Rate of the share award scheme in order to
                 determine the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to profit or loss. As at 31
                 December 2021, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 100% (2020: 100%).




218
                                       COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




27   Other reserves and retained earnings


                                                                                                        Cash Deferred
                                                            Share             Currency                   flow costs of              Total
                                    Merger Statutory       option     FVOCI translation Revaluation    hedge hedging                other Retained
                                    reserve reserve       reserve    reserve   reserve     reserve    reserve reserve     Others reserves earnings        Total
                                       RMB       RMB         RMB        RMB       RMB         RMB        RMB     RMB       RMB      RMB       RMB         RMB
                                     million    million    million    million   million     million    million million    million  million  million      million
                                  (note (a)) (note (b))


      Balance at
         1 January 2021                (150)    17,699      1,424      1,088     (1,752)       869      (130)     686     (2,277)   17,457    126,150    143,607


      Profit for the year                —          —          —          —          —           —        —         —         —         —      26,797     26,797
      Transfer to statutory
          reserve (note (b))             —       7,079         —          —          —           —        —         —         —      7,079     (7,079)        —
      Issue of shares as a
          result of scrip
          dividend                       —          —          —          —          —           —        —         —         —         —      (7,163)    (7,163)
      Cash dividends                     —          —          —          —          —           —        —         —         —         —      (2,934)    (2,934)
      Revaluation gains on
          investment
          properties upon
          transfers from
          right-of-use assets            —          —          —          —          —          20        —         —         —        20          —         20
      Employee share scheme
      — Value of employee
             services (note 26)          —          —         484         —          —           —        —         —         —       484          —        484
      — Exercise of employee
             share schemes               —          —         (33)        —          —           —        —         —         —        (33)        —         (33)
      Changes in fair value of
          financial assets at
          FVOCI                          —          —          —        409          —           —        —         —         —       409          —        409
      Disposals of financial
          assets at FVOCI                —          —          —      (1,447)        —           —        —         —         —     (1,447)     1,447         —
      Partial cancellation of
          written call options           —          —          —          —          —           —        —         —        (53)      (53)         3        (50)
      Changes in ownership
          interests in
          subsidiaries without
          change of control
          (note 39)                      —          —          —          —          —           —        —         —       (413)     (413)        —        (413)
      Currency translation
          differences                    —          —          —          —        (552)         —        —         —         —       (552)        —        (552)
      Disposals of
          subsidiaries                   —         (37)        —          —          —           —        —         —         —        (37)       37          —
      Deferred gains on cash
          flow hedges                    —          —          —          —          —           —        10        —         —        10          —         10
      Deferred costs of
          hedging                        —          —          —          —          —           —        —       (233)       —       (233)        —        (233)


      Balance at
         31 December 2021              (150)    24,741      1,875        50      (2,304)       889      (120)     453     (2,743)   22,691    137,258    159,949




                                                                                                                                                                    219
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      27   Other reserves and retained earnings (Continued)

                                                                                                                                    Deferred
                                                                          Share               Currency                 Cash flow    costs of
                                                Merger     Statutory     option FVOCI       translation   Revaluation     hedge     hedging               Total other   Retained
                                                reserve      reserve    reserve reserve        reserve       reserve     reserve     reserve    Others      reserves    earnings     Total
                                                  RMB          RMB         RMB    RMB             RMB           RMB        RMB         RMB       RMB            RMB        RMB       RMB
                                                 million      million    million million        million        million    million     million   million       million     million   million
                                              (note (a))   (note (b))

             Balance at 1 January 2020             (150)     11,030      1,044      272         (1,101)          960         (15)       (157)     589        12,472     109,716 122,188

             Profit for the year                     —            —         —        —              —              —          —           —         —             —      35,022     35,022
             Transfer to statutory reserve
                 (note (b))                          —        6,831         —        —              —              —          —           —         —         6,831       (6,831)       —
             Issue of shares as a result of
                 scrip dividend                      —            —         —        —              —              —          —           —         —             —        (1,466) (1,466)
             Cash dividends                          —            —         —        —              —              —          —           —         —             —      (10,554) (10,554)
             Employee share scheme
             — Value of employee
                    services (note 26)               —            —        405       —              —              —          —           —         —           405           —       405
             — Exercise of employee
                    share schemes                    —            —        (25)      —              —              —          —           —         —            (25)         —        (25)
             Changes in fair value of
                 financial assets at FVOCI           —            —         —       826             —              —          —           —         —           826           —       826
             Disposals of financial assets
                 at FVOCI                            —            —         —        (10)           —              —          —           —         —            (10)         10        —
             Changes in ownership
                 interests in subsidiaries
                 without change of control           —            —         —        —              —              —          —           —     (2,866)       (2,866)         —     (2,866)
             Currency translation
                 differences                         —            —         —        —            (651)            —          —           —         —           (651)         —       (651)
             Disposal of subsidiaries                —          (162)       —        —              —             (91)        —           —         —           (253)        253        —
             Deferred losses on cash flow
                 hedges                              —            —         —        —              —              —        (115)        —          —           (115)         —       (115)
             Deferred gains of hedging               —            —         —        —              —              —          —         843         —            843          —        843

             Balance at 31 December 2020           (150)     17,699      1,424    1,088         (1,752)          869        (130)       686     (2,277)      17,457     126,150 143,607


           Notes:


           (a)      Merger reserve of the Group represented the difference between the share capital of subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a group
                    reorganisation undertaken for the listing of Company on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 2007
                    over the nominal value of shares of the Company issued in exchange thereof.


           (b)      Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations governing foreign investment enterprise established in Mainland China and the articles
                    of association of certain subsidiaries in Mainland China of the Group, the subsidiaries are required to transfer certain portion of
                    their profit after taxation to the statutory reserve fund, until the accumulated total of the fund reaches 50% of their respective
                    registered capital.




220
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




28   Deferred income tax

     The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                 RMB million    RMB million


      Deferred income tax assets                                                      40,057         36,466
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                (28,123)       (32,472)


                                                                                      11,934         3,994

     The movement on the net deferred income tax account is as follows:

                                                                                      2021           2020
                                                                                 RMB million    RMB million


      At 1 January                                                                     3,994         (5,732)
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries (note 41)                                          (1,276)        (4,054)
      Disposals of subsidiaries                                                         (392)           965
      Credited/(charged) to other comprehensive income                                    77             (31)
      Credited to profit or loss (note 33)                                             9,531        12,846


      At 31 December                                                                  11,934         3,994




                                                                                                                221
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      28   Deferred income tax (Continued)

           Movement in deferred income tax assets and liabilities without taking into consideration the offsetting of
           balances within the same tax jurisdiction is as follows:

           Deferred income tax assets:

                                                                                         Elimination of
                                            Impairment       Business     Recognition       unrealised                       Prepaid
                                              of assets   combinations    of expenses           profits    Tax losses     income tax          Total
                                           RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million


            At 1 January 2020                    1,329            142            791             1,330         17,093          6,346          27,031
            Acquisitions of subsidiaries            —             166             —                 —              —               —             166
            Disposals of subsidiaries               —              —              —                 —            (130)            (84)          (214)
            Credited to profit or loss             902             —             207               793          3,900          3,681           9,483


            At 31 December 2020                  2,231            308            998             2,123         20,863          9,943          36,466


            At 1 January 2021                    2,231            308            998             2,123         20,863          9,943          36,466
            Acquisitions of subsidiaries
               (note 41)                             —             804             —                —              —              —              804
            Disposals of subsidiaries                —            (227)            —                —            (391)          (592)         (1,210)
            Credited/(charged) to
               profit or loss                    2,515              —            (706)             120          2,823           (755)          3,997


            At 31 December 2021                  4,746            885            292             2,243         23,295          8,596          40,057


           Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carried forward to the extent that the realisation of
           the related benefit through future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred income
           tax assets as at 31 December 2021 of RMB18 million (2020: RMB40 million) in respect of accumulated tax
           losses amounting to RMB70 million as at 31 December 2021 (2020: RMB158 million).




222
                               COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




28   Deferred income tax (Continued)

     Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                                          Withholding
                                                                       income tax on       Fair value
                                                        Recognition       profit to be   changes on
                                          Business       of revenue     distributed in    investment
                                        combination       over time             future     properties        Others          Total
                                        RMB million     RMB million      RMB million     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million


      At 1 January 2020                     (14,614)        (14,316)           (2,088)         (1,315)          (430)       (32,763)
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries            (4,220)            —                 —               —              —           (4,220)
      Disposals of subsidiaries                1,149             —                 —               30             —            1,179
      Charged to other comprehensive
         income                                  —               —                 —               —             (31)           (31)
      Credited/(charged) to profit or
         loss                                 2,349           1,040                39              (3)           (62)         3,363


      At 31 December 2020                   (15,336)        (13,276)           (2,049)         (1,288)          (523)       (32,472)


      At 1 January 2021                     (15,336)        (13,276)           (2,049)         (1,288)          (523)       (32,472)
      Acquisitions of subsidiaries
         (note 41)                           (2,080)             —                 —               —              —          (2,080)
      Disposals of subsidiaries                 818              —                 —               —              —             818
      Credited to other comprehensive
         income                                  —               —                 —               —             77              77
      Credited/(charged) to profit or
         loss                                 3,743           1,811               151             57            (228)         5,534


      At 31 December 2021                   (12,855)        (11,465)           (1,898)         (1,231)          (674)       (28,123)


     As at 31 December 2021, the retained earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries not yet remitted to holding
     companies incorporated outside Mainland China, for which no deferred income tax liability had been
     provided, were approximately RMB152,228 million (2020: RMB133,779 million). Such earnings are expected
     to be retained by the subsidiaries in Mainland China for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted
     to their overseas holding companies in the foreseeable future based on management’s estimation of
     overseas funding requirements.




                                                                                                                                        223
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      29   Other income and gains — net


                                                                                  2021           2020
                                                                             RMB million    RMB million


            Other income
            — Management and other related service income                          1,117         1,064
            — Forfeiture income                                                      201           148
            — Government subsidy income                                              540           390


                                                                                   1,858         1,602


            Other (losses)/gains
            — Gains arising from negative goodwill (note 41)                         452           856
            — Changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments             (118)         (488)
            — (Losses)/gains on disposals of subsidiaries (note 40)                  (79)          849
            — (Losses)/gains on disposals of property, plant and equipment
                 (note 35(b))                                                        (33)            37
            — Others                                                                (443)           (40)


                                                                                    (221)        1,214


            Total other income and gains — net                                     1,637         2,816




224
                                         COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




30   Expenses by nature


                                                                                                             2021                      2020
                                                                                                        RMB million               RMB million


       Cost of properties sold                                                                                426,908                  358,999
       Other taxes and levies                                                                                   3,000                    2,888
       Sales commission to agents                                                                               4,001                    3,414
       Advertising and promotion costs                                                                          3,725                    3,654
       Employee benefit expenses (note 31)                                                                     16,919                   15,697
       Property management and other services expenses                                                          2,038                    1,163
       Donations                                                                                                1,097                    1,574
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 6)                                                   1,815                    1,536
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                          266                      203
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                        306                      328
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                      27                       27
       — Audit services                                                                                              21                       19
       — Non-audit services                                                                                           6                        8
       Others                                                                                                    2,322                    2,788


       Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs, administrative
         expenses and research and development expenses                                                       462,424                  392,271

     Notes:


     (a)      The subsidiaries in Mainland China of the Group are subject to value-added tax (“VAT”) on their revenues. The applicable tax rates
              are as follows:


                    Category                                                                                                         Rate of VAT


                    Sales of properties (i)                                                                                              5%, 9%
                    Property construction (i)                                                                                            3%, 9%
                    Property investment (i)                                                                                              5%, 9%
                    Property management (ii)                                                                                             3%, 6%
                    Hotel service (ii)                                                                                                   3%, 6%


              (i)         VAT for sales of properties and income from property investment, in the case that the construction of properties commenced
                          or the investment property was acquired before 1 May 2016, is calculated at a tax rate of 5% based on a simple method.
                          VAT for small-scale VAT payer of property construction is 3%.


              (ii)        The rates of VAT for general VAT payers and small-scale VAT payers of property management and hotel service are 6% and
                          3%, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                       225
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      31   Employee benefit expenses


                                                                                                             2021                      2020
                                                                                                        RMB million               RMB million


             Wages and salaries                                                                                 25,334                   23,360
             Contributions to pension plans (note (a))                                                             174                      160
             Staff welfare                                                                                         397                      366
             Medical benefits                                                                                      347                      320
             Share-based compensation expenses (note 26)                                                           484                      405
             Other allowances and benefits                                                                          99                       92


                                                                                                                26,835                   24,703
             Less: capitalised in properties under development                                                  (9,916)                   (9,006)


                                                                                                                16,919                   15,697

           Notes:


           (a)      Contributions to pension plans

                    Employees in the Group’s subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to participate in a defined contribution retirement scheme
                    administrated and operated by the local municipal governments. The Group’s subsidiaries in Mainland China contribute funds which
                    are calculated on certain percentage of the average employee salary as agreed by local municipal governments to the scheme to
                    fund the retirement benefits of the employees.


           (b)      Five highest paid individuals
                    The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year included two (2020: one) directors of the
                    Company whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in note 45. The emoluments payable to the remaining three
                    (2020: four) individuals during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                    2021                    2020
                                                                                                            RMB million               RMB million


                     Salaries                                                                                         12                       16
                     Discretionary bonuses                                                                           103                     173
                     Other benefits and share-based compensation expenses                                            130                     121


                                                                                                                     245                     310




226
                               COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




31   Employee benefit expenses (Continued)
     (b)   Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

           The emoluments fell within the following bands:


                                                                      Number of individuals

                                                                         2021                     2020


            HKD58,500,001 to HKD59,000,000                                  1                       —
            HKD75,000,001 to HKD75,500,000                                  —                        1
            HKD75,500,001 to HKD76,000,000                                  —                        1
            HKD79,500,001 to HKD80,000,000                                  —                       1
            HKD88,000,001 to HKD88,500,000                                  1                       —
            HKD125,000,001 to HKD130,000,000                                —                       1
            HKD147,500,001 to HKD148,000,000                                 1                      —


32   Finance income — net


                                                                       2021                2020
                                                                  RMB million         RMB million

       Finance income:
       — Interest income on bank deposits and others                    2,138                   4,102
       — Net foreign exchange gains                                     1,686                   3,242

                                                                        3,824                   7,344

       Finance costs:
       — Interest expenses for bank borrowings, senior notes,
            corporate bonds and others                                (18,076)                (23,229)
       — Interest expenses for lease liabilities                          (35)                     (49)

                                                                      (18,111)                (23,278)
       Less: amounts capitalised on qualifying assets                  18,111                  23,278

                                                                           —                       —

       — Early redemption costs of senior notes (note 21) and
           convertible bonds (note 23)                                   (327)                    (38)

       Finance income — net                                             3,497                   7,306




                                                                                                          227
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      33   Income tax expenses

                                                                                                          2021                      2020
                                                                                                     RMB million               RMB million


             Current income tax
               — Corporate income tax                                                                        22,915                  28,331
               — Land appreciation tax (note (c))                                                            14,583                  15,926


                                                                                                             37,498                  44,257
             Deferred income tax (note 28)                                                                   (9,531)                (12,846)


                                                                                                             27,967                  31,411

           The income tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
           using the enacted tax rate of the home country of the Group companies as follows:

                                                                                                          2021                      2020
                                                                                                     RMB million               RMB million


             Profit before income tax                                                                        68,949                  85,529


             Tax calculated at Mainland China corporate income tax rate of
               25% (2020: 25%)                                                                               17,237                  21,382
             Different tax rates applicable to different subsidiaries of the Group                             (129)                     (68)
             Land appreciation tax deductible for calculation of income tax
               purpose                                                                                        (3,366)                 (3,814)
             Effects of share of post-tax results of joint ventures and
               associates                                                                                     (1,263)                 (1,565)
             Income not subject to tax                                                                          (766)                 (1,139)
             Expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                                           2,942                   1,398


                                                                                                             14,655                  16,194
             Withholding income tax (note (d))                                                                 (151)                     (39)
             Land appreciation tax (note (c))                                                                13,463                  15,256


             Income tax expenses                                                                             27,967                  31,411

           Notes:


           (a)      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2020:16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits of the Group’s
                    subsidiaries in Hong Kong.


           (b)      The Mainland China corporate income tax is 25%.




228
                                COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




33   Income tax expenses (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)


     (c)    Mainland China land appreciation tax is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value,
            being the proceeds of sales of properties less deductible expenditures including cost of land and all property development
            expenditures.


     (d)    Withholding income tax is provided for dividend distributed and undistributed profit of the Mainland China subsidiaries of the Group.
            The relevant overseas holding companies have successfully obtained endorsement from various Mainland China tax bureaus to
            enjoy the treaty benefit of 5% withholding income tax rate on dividends received from the Mainland China subsidiaries of the
            Group. Accordingly, withholding income tax has been provided at 5% of the dividends to be distributed by the Mainland China
            subsidiaries of the Group.


34   Dividends


                                                                                                        2021                        2020
                                                                                                   RMB million                 RMB million

       Proposed final dividend of RMB10.12 cents (2020: RMB24.98
          cents) per share                                                                                   2,343                     5,508
       Interim dividend of RMB20.98 cents (2020: RMB20.55 cents) per
          share                                                                                              4,716                     4,528

                                                                                                             7,059                   10,036

     The final dividend in respect of 2020 of RMB24.98 cents (equivalent to HKD30.40 cents) per share was
     approved in the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 24 May 2021. The final dividend totalling
     RMB5,508 million has been paid partly in new shares of the Company and partly in cash in August 2021.
     The number of ordinary shares settled and issued as scrip dividends was 431,490,067 and the total
     amount of dividend paid as scrip dividends was RMB3,375 million while cash dividend amounted to
     RMB2,133 million.

     On 24 August 2021, the Board declared an interim dividend of RMB20.98 cents per share (2020 interim
     dividend: RMB20.55 cents per share) with the eligible shareholders being given an option to elect to receive
     such interim dividend all in new shares of the Company, or partly in new shares of the Company and partly
     in cash, or all in cash. This interim dividend totalling RMB4,716 million has been paid partly in new shares
     of the Company and partly in cash in November 2021. The number of ordinary shares settled and issued
     as scrip dividends was 668,418,980 and the total amount of dividend paid as scrip dividends was
     RMB3,915 million while cash dividend amounted to RMB801 million.

     The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a 2021 final dividend of RMB10.12 cents per share,
     totalling RMB2,343 million with the eligible shareholders being given an option to elect to receive the final
     dividend all in new shares of the Company, or partly in new shares of the Company and partly in cash, or
     all in cash. Such dividend is to be approved by the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General
     Meeting. These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




                                                                                                                                                    229
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      35   Cash flow information

           (a)   Cash generated from operations


                                                                                     2021           2020
                                                                         Note   RMB million    RMB million


                  Profit for the year                                                40,982        54,118
                  Adjustments for:
                  Income tax expenses                                    33          27,967        31,411
                  Interest income on bank deposits and others            32          (2,138)        (4,102)
                  Early redemption cost of senior notes
                     and convertible bonds                               32             327             38
                  Net foreign exchange gains                             32          (1,686)        (3,242)
                  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment          30           1,815          1,536
                  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                    30             306            328
                  Amortisation of intangible assets                      30             266            203
                  Losses/(gains) on disposals of property, plant and
                     equipment                                           29              33            (37)
                  Net impairment losses on financial and contract
                     assets                                                           1,651          1,449
                  Share of results of joint ventures and associates       9          (5,053)        (6,258)
                  Losses/(gains) arising from changes in fair value of
                     and transfer to investment properties               7              227             (13)
                  Share-based compensation expense                       31             484            405
                  Gains arising from negative goodwill                   29            (452)          (856)
                  Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                   (967)          (696)
                  Changes in fair value of derivative financial
                     instruments                                         29             118            488
                  Losses/(gains) on disposals of subsidiaries            29              79           (849)


                                                                                     63,959        73,923
                  Changes in working capital (excluding the effects
                    of acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and
                    currency exchange differences on consolidation):
                  Properties under development and completed
                    properties held for sale                                        137,828        (86,928)
                  Inventories                                                           519            874
                  Restricted cash                                                   (18,168)         4,585
                  Trade and other receivables and contract assets
                    and contract acquisition costs                                   74,911        36,144
                  Trade and other payables and contract liabilities                (193,298)       14,223


                  Cash generated from operations                                     65,751        42,821




230
                                   COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




35   Cash flow information (Continued)

     (b)   In the consolidated cash flow statement, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
           comprise:


                                                                                                                2021                            2020
                                                                                                           RMB million                     RMB million


            Property, plant and equipment
            Net book amount disposed of (note 6)                                                                          575                         528
            (Losses)/gains on disposals (note 29)                                                                         (33)                         37


            Proceeds from disposals                                                                                       542                         565

     (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                      Bank and                                                      Derivative
                                                          other                     Corporate      Convertible        financial        Lease
                                                     borrowings    Senior notes        bonds           bonds      instruments       liabilities        Total
                                                    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million     RMB million


            Liabilities as at 1 January 2021            207,323          73,410         40,480          5,272            2,703             655        329,843


            Cash flows
            — Net cash flows from financing
                 activities                              (7,147)          3,095         (6,085)         (3,292)         (1,859)            157        (15,131)
            — Interest paid                             (11,454)         (3,964)        (1,946)           (278)             —              (35)       (17,677)
            — Acquisitions of subsidiaries
                 (note 41)                               13,440              —              —               —               —               —          13,440
            — Disposals of subsidiaries                  (6,065)             —              —               —               —               —          (6,065)
            Non-cash movements
            — Changes in fair value of derivative
                 financial instruments                       —               —              —               —              118              —             118
            — Interest expenses                          11,454           4,201          1,844            577               —               35         18,111
            — Costs on early redemption                      —              280             —              47               —               —             327
            — Foreign exchange adjustments               (1,026)         (1,953)          (133)          (158)              —               —          (3,270)
            — Other non-cash movements                       —               —              —              —               479            (120)           359


            Liabilities as at 31 December 2021          206,525          75,069         34,160          2,168            1,441             692        320,055




                                                                                                                                                                 231
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      35   Cash flow information (Continued)

           (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                      Bank and                                                   Receipts under        Derivative
                                                          other                     Corporate      Convertible     securitisation        financial        Lease
                                                     borrowings    Senior notes        bonds           bonds      arrangements       instruments       liabilities         Total
                                                    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million       RMB million      RMB million     RMB million      RMB million


                  Liabilities as at
                     1 January 2020                    252,793          64,893         46,400           5,517                279             (231)           909         370,560


                  Cash flows
                  — Net cash flows from financing
                       activities                       (45,570)        12,731          (5,884)          (245)              (279)            (646)           (243)        (40,136)
                  — Interest paid                       (15,510)         (3,735)        (2,691)          (304)                 (7)             —               (49)       (22,296)
                  — Acquisitions of subsidiaries         13,021              —              —              —                  —                —                —          13,021
                  — Disposals of subsidiaries           (10,934)             —              —              —                  —                —                —         (10,934)
                  Non-cash movements
                  — Changes in fair value of
                       derivative financial
                       instruments                           —               —              —              —                  —              488               —              488
                  — Interest expenses                   15,510            4,398         2,723             595                 3               —                49         23,278
                  — Costs on early redemption               —                16            —               22                 —               —                —               38
                  — Foreign exchange adjustments         (1,987)         (4,893)           (68)          (313)                4               —                —           (7,257)
                  — Other non-cash movements                 —               —              —              —                  —            3,092              (11)          3,081


                  Liabilities as at
                     31 December 2020                  207,323          73,410         40,480           5,272                 —            2,703             655         329,843


           (d)   Non-cash investing and financing activities


                                                                                                                              2021                               2020
                                                                                                                         RMB million                        RMB million


                  Dividends satisfied by the issue of shares under the scrip
                    dividend scheme (note 25)                                                                                         7,163                            1,466




232
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




36   Earnings per share (Continued)

     (a)   Basic
           Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by
           the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, excluding ordinary shares
           purchased by the Group and held as treasury shares (note 25).

                                                                                        2021                2020


            Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB million)                26,797              35,022
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
              (million)                                                               21,996              21,641


            Earnings per share — Basic (RMB yuan per share)                              1.22                1.62

     (b)   Diluted
           Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company had four
           categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: share options, awarded shares, written call options and
           convertible bonds. For the share options, awarded shares and written call options, a calculation is
           done to determine the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined as
           the average market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
           subscription rights attached to outstanding share options, awarded shares and written call options.
           The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares. Interest savings on
           convertible bonds are adjusted to the extent of the amount charged to the profit attributable to
           owners of the Company, if applicable. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
           the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options,
           awarded shares and written call options and conversion of convertible bonds. Written call options
           were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share as they are anti-dilutive for the
           years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021.




                                                                                                                       233
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      36   Earnings per share (Continued)

           (b)   Diluted (Continued)


                                                                                2021     2020


                  Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB million)   26,797   35,022
                  Interest expense on convertible bonds (RMB million)             602       46


                  Profit attributable to owners of the Company used to
                    determine diluted earnings per share (RMB million)         27,399   35,068


                  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                    (million)                                                  21,996   21,641
                  Adjustments — share options, awarded shares and
                    convertible bonds (million)                                  706      730


                  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
                   earnings per share (million)                                22,702   22,371


                  Earnings per share — Diluted (RMB yuan per share)              1.21     1.57




234
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




37   Guarantees

                                                                                                           2021                       2020
                                                                                                      RMB million                RMB million


       Guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities for certain property
        buyers (note (a))                                                                                    383,217                  381,302
       Guarantees to joint ventures, associates and other related parties
        in respect of liabilities (note (b))                                                                  43,221                    64,603


                                                                                                             426,438                  445,905

     Notes:


     (a)      These represented the guarantees in respect of mortgage facilities granted by certain banks relating to the mortgage loans arranged
              for certain property buyers of the Group’s properties. Pursuant to the terms of the guarantees, upon default in mortgage payments
              by these buyers, the Group is responsible to repay the outstanding mortgage principals together with accrued interest and penalty
              owed by the defaulted buyers to the banks and the Group is entitled to retain the legal title and take over the possession of the
              related properties. The above guarantees are to be discharged upon the earlier of (i) issuance of the real estate ownership
              certificates which are generally available within three months after the buyers taking possession of the relevant properties; and (ii)
              the satisfaction of mortgaged loans by the property buyers.


              The Group considers that in case of default in payments by property buyers, the net realisable value of the related properties can
              cover the repayment of the outstanding mortgage principals together with the accrued interest and penalty and therefore no
              provision has been made in the financial statements for the guarantees.


     (b)      These mainly represented the maximum exposure of the guarantees provided for the borrowings of certain joint ventures and
              associates.




                                                                                                                                                       235
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      38   Commitments

           (a)   Commitments for capital expenditures


                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million


                  Contracted but not provided for:
                  Property, plant and equipment                                             739                688

           (b)   Operating lease rentals receivable
                 The lease terms are between 1 and 10 years, and the majority of lease agreements are renewable at
                 the end of the lease period at market price. The future aggregate minimum lease rentals receivable
                 under non-cancellable operating leases in respect of buildings are as follows:

                                                                                        2021                2020
                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million


                  Not later than one year                                                   316                322
                  Later than one year and not later than two years                          224                254
                  Later than two years and not later than three years                       182                203
                  Later than three years and not later than four years                      156                162
                  Later than four years and not later than five years                       143                127
                  Later than five years                                                     700                564


                                                                                          1,721              1,632

                 The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly.
                 For details of the leasing arrangements, refer to note 7.




236
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




39   Transactions with non-controlling interests

     The aggregate effects of transactions with non-controlling interests on the equity attributable to owners of
     the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                        RMB million


      Changes in equity attributable to owners of the Company arising from:
      — Acquisitions of additional interests in subsidiaries (note (a))                                           (457)
      — Disposals of interests in subsidiaries without loss of control (note (b))                                   38
      — Deemed disposals of interests in subsidiaries without loss of control (note (c))                             6


                                                                                                                  (413)

     (a)   The Group acquired additional equity interests of certain subsidiaries from the respective non-controlling
           interests for a total cash consideration of RMB1,936 million.
           The following table summarises the effect of these acquisitions:

                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                        RMB million


            Total carrying amounts of non-controlling interests acquired                                         1,479
            Total consideration                                                                                 (1,936)


            Total difference recognised within equity                                                             (457)

     (b)   The Group disposed of certain equity interests of certain subsidiaries for a total cash consideration of
           RMB4,177 million.
           The following table summarises the effect of these disposals:

                                                                                                             2021
                                                                                                        RMB million


            Total carrying amounts disposed to non-controlling interests                                        (4,139)
            Proceeds from disposals                                                                              4,177


            Total difference recognised within equity                                                               38

     (c)   Certain third parties injected capital which resulted in passive dilution of interests in certain subsidiaries
           without loss of control. The Group recognised a decrease in equity and an increase in non-controlling
           interests of RMB6 million.




                                                                                                                            237
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      40   Disposals of subsidiaries

           During the year, the Group disposed of interests in a number of subsidiaries to certain third parties. Details
           of the disposals are as follows:

                                                                                                                                RMB million


             Disposal consideration
             — Cash received                                                                                                         1,706
             — Outstanding and included in other receivables                                                                         1,294
             — Fair value of investments in joint ventures and associates upon transfers from
                  subsidiaries                                                                                                       1,469


                                                                                                                                     4,469


             Less:
             — Total net assets of subsidiaries disposed of                                                                          (5,559)
             — Non-controlling interest disposed of                                                                                   1,011


             Losses on disposals (note 29)                                                                                              (79)


             Cash proceeds from disposals, net of cash disposed of
             — Cash considerations received (note (a))                                                                                1,706
             — Less: cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed of                                                       (2,209)


             Net cash outflow on disposals                                                                                            (503)

           Note:


           (a)     These represented cash considerations received related to transactions during the year and in prior years.


      41   Business combinations

           Business combinations during the year mainly included the acquisitions of interest in various property
           development companies and acquisitions of additional interests in the joint ventures and associates which
           were further recognised as the Group’s subsidiaries. The directors of the Company consider that none of
           these subsidiaries acquired during the year was significant to the Group and thus the individual financial
           information of these subsidiaries on the acquisition dates was not disclosed.




238
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




41   Business combinations (Continued)

     The acquired companies’ principal activities are property development and construction. The combined
     financial information of these acquired companies on the acquisition dates is summarised as follows:

                                                                                            RMB million

      Total consideration
      — Cash                                                                                      3,760
      — Fair value of investments in joint ventures and associates held before business
        combinations                                                                              2,129

                                                                                                  5,889

      Total recognised amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    4,366
      Restricted cash                                                                              4,236
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                    7
      Intangible assets                                                                                2
      Properties under development and completed properties held for sale                        95,113
      Trade and other receivables                                                                35,114
      Contract assets and contract acquisition costs                                               1,305
      Prepaid income tax                                                                           3,155
      Deferred income tax assets                                                                     804
      Bank and other borrowings                                                                 (13,440)
      Trade and other payables                                                                  (27,295)
      Contract liabilities                                                                      (87,478)
      Current income tax liabilities                                                              (6,524)
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                             (2,080)

      Total identifiable net assets                                                               7,285
      Non-controlling interests                                                                    (944)
      Negative goodwill                                                                            (452)

                                                                                                  5,889

      Inflow of cash to acquire business, net of cash acquired
      — Cash considerations                                                                      (3,760)
      — Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries acquired                                    4,366

      Net cash inflow on business combinations                                                      606




                                                                                                            239
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      41   Business combinations (Continued)

           Gains arising from negative goodwill were mainly due to the fact that the sellers had the intention to exit
           from their investments in these acquired businesses due to various operational reasons or other
           shareholders intended to cooperate with a leading property developer in the PRC to resolve liquidity issues
           or bring in industry expertise.

           The acquired businesses contributed total revenues of RMB44,428 million and net profit of RMB4,678
           million to the Group for the period from their respective acquisition dates to 31 December 2021. Had these
           companies been consolidated from 1 January 2021, the consolidated income statement would show pro-
           forma revenue of RMB523,184 million and profit for the year of RMB41,426 million.

      42   Related party transactions

           The Company is ultimately controlled by Ms. Yang Huiyan (the “Ultimate Controlling Shareholder”).

           Apart from those related party transactions disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the
           following transactions were carried out with related parties.

           (a)   Transactions with related parties


                                                                                          2021                 2020
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million


                  (i) Entities controlled or significantly influenced
                        by certain shareholders, certain directors and/or
                        their close family members
                      Purchase of design service                                            3,534               3,333
                      Construction service income                                              64                  41
                      Purchase of property management and related services                  2,038               1,163
                      Property lease income                                                    37                  —
                      Other transactions                                                    1,139               1,034


                  (ii) Joint ventures
                       Provision of guarantee in respect of borrowings                     38,917              51,632
                       Construction service income                                          8,743               6,863
                       Other transactions                                                   3,418               2,339


                  (iii) Associates
                        Provision of guarantee in respect of borrowings                     4,304              12,876
                        Construction service income                                         1,099               1,997
                        Other transactions                                                  1,212               1,384




240
                          COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




42   Related party transactions (Continued)
     (a)   Transactions with related parties (Continued)
           The prices for the above transactions were determined in accordance with the terms of the underlying
           agreements.

     (b)   Key management compensation
           Key management includes directors and chief executive officer of the Company.

                                                                                  2021                 2020
                                                                             RMB million          RMB million

            Fees and salaries                                                           49                 56
            Discretionary bonuses                                                       95                 87
            Other benefits and share-based compensation                                211                145

                                                                                       355                288

     (c)   Balances with related parties
           Saved as disclosed in other notes above, the Group had the following significant balances with its
           related parties:

                                                                                  2021                 2020
                                                                             RMB million          RMB million

            (i) Entities controlled, jointly controlled or significantly
                influenced by certain shareholders, certain
                directors and/or their close family members
                Trade and other receivables                                          1,943              2,214
                Contract assets and contract acquisition costs                          23                 39
                Trade and other payables                                             3,795              3,856
                Bank and other borrowing                                             1,275                 —


            (ii) Joint ventures
                 Trade and other receivables                                        99,881             82,408
                 Contract assets and contract acquisition costs                      3,449              3,158
                 Trade and other payables                                           54,939             57,607

            (iii) Associates
                  Trade and other receivables                                       24,609             22,647
                  Contract assets and contract acquisition costs                       937              1,039
                  Trade and other payables                                          23,221             25,251

           The above balances due from/to related parties are mainly interest free or at interest rate agreed by
           both parties, unsecured and to be settled according to the contract terms.



                                                                                                                   241
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      42   Related party transactions (Continued)

           (d)   Senior notes
                 As at 31 December 2021, senior notes with principal amount of USD585 million (equivalent to
                 approximately RMB3,730 million) (2020: USD586 million, equivalent to approximately RMB3,824 million)
                 and USD30 million (equivalent to approximately RMB191 million) (2020: USD25 million, equivalent to
                 approximately RMB163 million) and USD18 million (equivalent to approximately RMB115 million) (2020:
                 USD18 million, equivalent to approximately RMB117 million) were held by Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung,
                 Mr. MO Bin and Ms. YANG Ziying respectively.




242
                           COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




43   Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                               2021            2020
                                                                          RMB million     RMB million


      Non-current assets
      Investments in subsidiaries                                              58,854            56,051
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income             2               506
      Derivative financial instruments                                              5                75


                                                                               58,861            56,632


      Current assets
      Amounts due from subsidiaries                                           140,659        132,482
      Other receivables                                                           433          1,948
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                 1,529          1,584
      Derivative financial instruments                                             18            101


                                                                              142,639        136,115


      Current liabilities
      Amounts due to subsidiaries                                              32,645            23,595
      Other payables                                                               13               346
      Senior notes                                                              8,283             2,219
      Corporate bonds                                                              73            10,428
      Bank and other borrowings                                                10,226            21,413
      Derivative financial instruments                                            695             1,084


                                                                               51,935            59,085


      Net current assets                                                       90,704            77,030


      Total assets less current liabilities                                   149,565        133,662




                                                                                                          243
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      43   Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company (Continued)


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2021                2020
                                                                               RMB million         RMB million


            Non-current liabilities
            Senior notes                                                             66,786            71,191
            Corporate bonds                                                           3,904                —
            Bank and other borrowings                                                27,607            17,869
            Derivative financial instruments                                            884               969


                                                                                     99,181            90,029


            Equity
            Share capital and premium                                                41,263            33,844
            Other reserves (note)                                                     2,199             1,970
            Retained earnings (note)                                                  6,922             7,819


            Total equity                                                             50,384            43,633


            Total equity and non-current liabilities                                149,565           133,662

           The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 30 March
           2022 and were signed on its behalf.




                                  MO Bin                                        YANG Ziying
                                  Director                                        Director




244
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




43   Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the Company (Continued)
     Note:


     Reserve movement of the Company


                                                          Other reserves    Retained earnings          Total
                                                            RMB million          RMB million     RMB million


      At 1 January 2021                                            1,970                7,819          9,789
      Profit for the year                                             —                 9,136          9,136
      Deferred gains on cash flow hedges                             10                    —             10
      Deferred losses of hedging                                    (233)                  —            (233)
      Issue of shares as a result of scrip dividend                   —                (7,290)        (7,290)
      Cash dividends                                                  —                (2,934)        (2,934)
      Employee share schemes
      — Value of employee services                                  484                    —            484
      — Exercise of employee share schemes                           (33)                  —             (33)
      Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI             192                    —            192
      Disposal of financial assets at FVOCI                         (191)                191             —


      At 31 December 2021                                          2,199                6,922          9,121


      At 1 January 2020                                             992                 7,890          8,882
      Profit for the year                                            —                 11,940         11,940
      Deferred losses on cash flow hedges                           (115)                  —            (115)
      Deferred gains of hedging                                     843                    —            843
      Issue of shares as a result of scrip dividend                  —                 (1,466)        (1,466)
      Cash dividends                                                  —               (10,554)       (10,554)
      Employee share schemes
      — Value of employee services                                  405                    —            405
      — Exercise of employee share schemes                           (25)                  —             (25)
      Change in fair value of financial assets at FVOCI             (121)                  —            (121)
      Disposal of financial assets at FVOCI                           (9)                   9             —


      At 31 December 2020                                          1,970                7,819          9,789




                                                                                                                245
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries

           The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021, all of these are limited liability
           companies:

                                                                                                                   Proportion
                                                                              Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                               issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                            Date of                 paid share         interest       by non-
                                                            incorporation/       capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
            Name                                            establishment                capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


            Indirectly held by the Company:
            Incorporated in Hong Kong and operates
               in Hong Kong:
            Country Garden (Hong Kong) Development          21 September        HKD20,000,001            100%             0%     Investment holding and
               Company Limited                                 2005                                                                 rendering of property
                                                                                                                                    related sales services


            Incorporated in the BVI and operates in
               Hong Kong:
            Estonia Development Ltd.                        21 March 2006               USD200           100%             0%     Investment holding and
                                                                                                                                    rendering of property
                                                                                                                                    related sales services
            Angel View International Limited                7 April 2006                USD200           100%             0%     Investment holding and
                                                                                                                                    rendering of property
                                                                                                                                    related sales services


            Established and operates in Mainland:
            (Registered as under PRC law)
            Jiangmen Wuyi Country Garden Real Estate        28 September       RMB863,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.                           2003
               江門市五邑碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Heshan Country Garden Property Development      22 June 2006       RMB963,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               鶴山市碧桂園物業發展有限公司
            Guangzhou Nansha Economic and                   2 August 2001      USD253,800,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Technological Development Zone Country
               Garden Property Development Co., Ltd.
               廣州南沙經濟技術開發區碧桂園物業發展有
               限公司
            Zengcheng Country Garden Property               22 September      RMB1,448,200,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.                           2000
               增城市碧桂園物業發展有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property           2 April 1997      RMB1,387,500,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               佛山市順德區碧桂園物業發展有限公司
            Guangdong Boyu Technology Co., Ltd.             2 November           RMB5,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
               廣東博煜科技有限公司                                      2020                                                                development and
                                                                                                                                   related services
            Foshan Bojingchen Industrial City Development   8 July 2019         RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Management consulting
               Co., Ltd.
               佛山市博景宸產城發展有限公司
            Foshan Bohongru Industrial City Development     13 January 2020     RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Management consulting
               Co., Ltd.
               佛山市博鴻儒產城發展有限公司




246
                                 COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                           Proportion
                                                                      Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                       issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                     Date of                paid share         interest       by non-
                                                     incorporation/      capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
      Name                                           establishment               capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


      Foshan Shunde Biying Real Estate               9 August 2021      RMB60,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         Development Co., Ltd.(i)
         佛山市順德區碧盈房地產開發有限公司
      Foshan Shunde Country Garden Real Estate       1 June 2021        RMB60,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         Development Co., Ltd.(i)
         佛山市順德區碧桂園置業開發有限公司
      Guangdong Bofa Robot Engineering Service       7 July 2020        RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         development and
         廣東博發機器人工程服務有限公司                                                                                                   related services
      Guangdong Yingmiao Enterprise Management       13 June 2019       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Management consulting
         Co., Ltd.
         廣東盈妙企業管理有限公司
      Guangdong Haoyun Technology Co., Ltd.          29 September       RMB20,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         廣東皓耘科技有限公司                                     2020                                                                development and
                                                                                                                            related services
      Guangdong Shunde Biyouxuan Commercial          23 August 2019    RMB300,000,000            100%             0%     Retail
         Co., Ltd.
         廣東順德碧優選商業有限公司
      Foshan Biyouxuan Commercial Retail Co., Ltd.   24 September       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Retail
         佛山市碧優選商業零售有限公司                                 2020
      Guangdong Bipinju Construction                 30 August 2019    RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Industrialization Co., Ltd.                                                                                       development and
         廣東碧品居建築工業化有限公司                                                                                                    related services
      Guangdong Zhuhuahui Construction               18 September       RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Technology Co., Ltd.                           2020                                                               development and
         廣東築華慧建築科技有限公司                                                                                                     related services
      Foshan Shunde Bright Dream Intelligent         23 August 2018     RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                                                                           development and
         廣東博智林智能製造有限公司                                                                                                     related services
      Foshan City Shunde Longjiang Town Country      11 November       RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Hotel operation
         Garden Phoenix Hotel Co., Ltd.                 2009
         佛山市順德區龍江鎮碧桂園鳳凰酒店有限
         公司
      Foshan Shunde Zhaoheng Country Garden          18 December        RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         Real Estate Co., Ltd                           2018
         佛山市順德區肇恒碧桂園房地產置業有限
         公司
      Guangdong Bojiatuo Construction Technology     12 December       RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Co., Ltd.                                      2019                                                               development and
         廣東博嘉拓建築科技有限公司                                                                                                     related services
      Guangdong Bright Dream Software Technology     5 July 2019        RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                         development and
         廣東博智林軟件科技有限公司                                                                                                     related services
      Guangdong Bofang Zhongji Medical               8 May 2019         RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                              development and
         廣東博方眾濟醫療科技有限公司                                                                                                    related services




                                                                                                                                                 247
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Proportion
                                                                            Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                             issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                           Date of                paid share         interest       by non-
                                                           incorporation/      capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
            Name                                           establishment               capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


            Guangdong Boyue Intelligent Construction       8 March 2019     RMB1,000,000,000           100%             0%     Robot research and
               Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                              development and
               廣東博越智慧建造科技有限公司                                                                                                    related services
            Guangdong Qianxi Management Consulting         27 September       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Management Consulting
               Co., Ltd.                                      2019
               廣東千璽管理諮詢有限公司
            Biyouwei Catering Service (Foshan) Co., Ltd.   6 June 2019         RMB1,000,000            100%             0%     Food sales
               碧有味餐飲服務 (佛山) 有限公司
            Guangdong Biyouwei Catering Co., Ltd.          10 May 2019        RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Food sales
               廣東碧有味餐飲有限公司
            Foshan Juzhele Real Estate Agent Co., Ltd.     30 May 2016           RMB500,000            100%             0%     Real estate consulting
               佛山市居者樂房地產代理有限公司
            Guangdong Excellent Landscape Design           24 July 2013       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Landscape design
               Engineering Co., Ltd.
               廣東卓越景觀設計工程有限公司
            Foshan Fengxi Food Co., Ltd.                   18 March 2016       RMB5,000,000            100%             0%     Food sales
               佛山市鳳禧食品有限公司
            Guangdong Tengan Mechanical and Electrical     30 September      RMB200,000,000            100%             0%     Construction
               Installation Engineering Co., Ltd.             2004
               廣東騰安機電安裝工程有限公司
            Guangdong Cheng Jia Decoration Design          9 August 1999     RMB300,000,000            100%             0%     Construction
               Engineering Co., Ltd.
               廣東誠加裝飾設計工程有限公司
            Guangdong Biri Construction Technology         8 July 2008       RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Construction
               Co., Ltd.
               廣東碧日建築科技有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Bijing Electronic Technology     19 November        RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Electronic hardware
               Co., Ltd.                                      2008                                                                sales
               佛山市順德區碧晶電子科技有限公司
            Guangdong Country Garden Real Estate           26 July 2013       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Real estate consulting
               Information Consulting Co., Ltd.
               廣東碧桂園房地產資訊諮詢有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Longjiang Country Garden Real    3 January 2017      RMB1,000,000             91%             9%     Property development
               Estate Co., Ltd.
               佛山市順德區龍江碧桂園置業有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Jun An Country Garden            1 September         RMB5,000,000             51%            49%     Property development
               Property Co., Ltd.                             2017
               佛山市順德區均安碧桂園置業有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Daliang Country Garden           11 April 2014      USD40,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Property Development Co., Ltd.
               佛山市順德區大良碧桂園房地產開發有限
               公司
            Foshan Jinzhonghuan Real Estate Co., Ltd.      11 December        RMB10,000,000             92%             8%     Property development
               佛山市金中環房地產有限公司                                  2013
            Foshan Shunde Xingtan Country Garden Real      28 April 2018       RMB3,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Estate Development Co., Ltd.
               佛山市順德區杏壇碧桂園房地產開發有限
               公司




248
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                              Proportion
                                                                         Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                          issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                      Date of                  paid share         interest       by non-
                                                      incorporation/        capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
      Name                                            establishment                 capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


      Foshan Shunde Panpu Culture Co., Ltd.           19 June 2018          RMB1,000,000            100%             0%     Cultural activity planning
         佛山市順德區泮浦文化有限公司
      Foshan Shunde Lunjiao Country Garden Real       18 March 2016         RMB1,000,000             95%             5%     Property development
         Estate Development Co., Ltd.
         佛山市順德區倫教碧桂園房地產開發有限
         公司
      Foshan Shunde Country Garden Real Estate        10 July 2017         RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         佛山市順德區碧桂園房產置業有限公司
      Country Garden Agricultural Holding Co., Ltd.   8 May 2018        RMB1,000,000,000            100%             0%     Agriculture
         碧桂園農業控股有限公司
      Guangdong Bright Dream Robotics Co., Ltd.       17 July 2018      RMB3,200,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         廣東博智林機器人有限公司                                                                                                         development and
                                                                                                                              related services
      Guangdong Yaokang Investment Co., Ltd.          20 April 2015     RMB1,383,400,000            100%             0%     Construction
         廣東耀康投資有限公司
      Guangdong Longyue Construction Engineering      14 April 2011     RMB1,000,000,000            100%             0%     Construction
         Co., Ltd.
         廣東龍越建築工程有限公司
      Guangdong Giant Leap Construction Co., Ltd.     25 March 1997     RMB5,200,000,000            100%             0%     Construction
         廣東騰越建築工程有限公司
      Guangdong Country Garden Innovation             10 December         RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
         Investment Management Co., Ltd.                 2019
         廣東碧桂園創新投資管理有限公司
      Zhejiang Country Garden Investment              25 August 2015       RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
         Management Co., Ltd.
         浙江碧桂園投資管理有限公司
      Foshan Shunde Zhouhua Investment                12 November       RMB13,889,820,339           100%             0%     Property development
         Consulting Co., Ltd.                            2012
         佛山市順德區宙華投資諮詢有限公司
      Shenzhen Country Garden Innovation              5 June 2019         RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
         Investment Co., Ltd.
         深圳市碧桂園創新投資有限公司
      Guangdong Zhiyuan Robot Technology              14 May 2019         RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                                             development and
         廣東智源機器人科技有限公司                                                                                                         related services
      Qianxi Robotics Group Co., Ltd.                 5 May 2019        RMB1,000,000,000            100%             0%     Robot research and
         千璽機器人集團有限公司                                                                                                           development and
                                                                                                                               related services
      Guangdong Shunde Phoenix Optimal                24 January 2017   RMB1,140,000,000            100%             0%     Retail
        Commercial Co., Ltd.
        廣東順德鳳凰優選商業有限公司
      Shenyang Shenbei Xincheng Yidong Real           18 May 2007         RMB750,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
        Estate Co., Ltd.
        瀋陽瀋北新城伊東置業有限公司
      Shenzhen Bisheng Development Co., Ltd.          19 November          RMB62,500,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
        深圳碧盛發展有限公司                                       2015




                                                                                                                                                         249
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Proportion
                                                                            Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                             issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                          Date of                 paid share         interest       by non-
                                                          incorporation/       capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
            Name                                          establishment                capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


            Zengcheng Country Garden Phoenix City Hotel   13 January 2004    RMB500,700,000            100%             0%     Hotel operation
               Co., Ltd.
               增城市碧桂園鳳凰城酒店有限公司
            Guangzhou Hongying Greening Engineering       3 August 2016       RMB10,000,000            100%             0%     Landscape design
               Co., Ltd.
               廣州市鴻盈綠化工程有限公司
            Longyou Zhuosheng Real Estate Development     14 December         RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.                                     2020
               龍游卓盛房地產開發有限公司
            Foshan Shunde Lecong Guipu Real Estate        25 April 2021     RMB3,650,000,000            99%             1%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.(i)
               佛山市順德區樂從桂圃房地產開發有限公司
            Xiushui County Ningyuan Real Estate           18 December         RMB15,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.                         2020
               修水縣寧園房地產開發有限公司
            Shenyang Zhixin Real Estate Co., Ltd.         8 December          RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               瀋陽志信置業有限公司                                    2020
            Lishui Xuansheng Real Estate Development      12 November         RMB53,000,000             95%             5%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.                                     2020
               麗水軒盛房地產開發有限公司
            Guangzhou Xianbi Real Estate Development      10 November          RMB1,000,000             85%            15%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.                                     2020
               廣州市仙碧房地產開發有限公司
            Shenyang Urban Construction Tianhe Real       16 December        RMB300,000,000             66%            34%     Property development
               Estate Co., Ltd.                              2011
               瀋陽城建天和置業有限公司
            Lianyungang Bisheng Real Estate Development   22 May 2020        RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               連雲港市碧勝房地產開發有限公司
            Linyi Bisheng Real Estate Development         11 May 2020         RMB30,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               臨沂市碧晟房地產開發有限公司
            Foshan Nanhai Birong Industrial Investment    22 October 2019      RMB5,010,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
               Co., Ltd.
               佛山市南海區碧榮產業投資有限公司
            Hunan Country Garden Technology               3 July 2019        RMB100,000,000             90%            10%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               湖南省碧桂園科技發展有限公司
            Taiyuan Biyang Real Estate Development        14 June 2019       RMB500,000,000             61%            39%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               太原碧揚房地產開發有限公司
            Gansu Kangqiao Real Estate Development        21 September       RMB110,000,000             94%             6%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.                                     2017
               甘肅康橋房地產開發有限公司
            Boluo County Yuanjing Real Estate             16 July 2019         RMB5,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               博羅縣遠景房地產開發有限公司




250
                                  COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                               Proportion
                                                                          Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                           issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                       Date of                  paid share         interest       by non-
                                                       incorporation/        capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
      Name                                             establishment                 capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


      Qingdao Blue Valley Country Garden Industry      21 June 2019        RMB663,534,990             94%             6%     Property development
         City Development Co., Ltd.
         青島藍穀碧桂園產城發展有限公司
      Foshan Shunde Desheng Real Estate Co., Ltd.      10 July 2017        RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         佛山市順德區德晟房產有限公司
      Foshan Shunde Chechuang Real Estate              31 October 2017       RMB5,010,000            100%             0%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         佛山市順德區車創置業有限公司
      Qingyuan Birun Real Estate Development           6 June 2019          RMB70,000,000             77%            24%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         清遠市碧潤房地產開發有限公司
      Yunnan Bicheng Real Estate Development           29 June 2016       RMB2,462,855,790            96%             4%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         雲南碧城房地產開發有限公司
      Guangzhou Panyu Nanpu Junye Investment           23 August 2018       RMB10,010,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
         Co., Ltd.
         廣州市番禺區南浦駿業投資有限公司
      Taicang Bichen Real Estate Development           15 May 2018         RMB625,000,000             91%             9%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         太倉碧辰房地產開發有限公司
      Lhasa Country Garden Real Estate                 28 March 2018        RMB10,000,000             86%            14%     Property development
         Development Co., Ltd.
         拉薩碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
      Shenzhen Bigui Xinju Investment and              22 January 2018     RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Investment consulting
         Development Co., Ltd.
         深圳市碧桂新居投資發展有限公司
      Foshan Nanhai Bizhen Real Estate Co., Ltd.       26 September         RMB50,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         佛山市南海區碧臻房地產有限公司                                  2017
      Boluo County Xutai Development Co., Ltd.         22 June 2006         RMB30,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
         博羅縣旭泰發展有限公司
      Tianshui Country Garden Real Estate              25 February 2016    RMB810,000,000             93%             7%     Property development
         Development Co., Ltd.
         天水碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
      Zhongshan ShengDu Real Estate Development        8 November           RMB31,000,000             86%            14%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.                                        2001
         中山市聖都房地產開發有限公司
      Jiangyin Jingyu Property Development Co., Ltd.   12 April 2013      RMB2,705,882,353            85%            15%     Property development
         江陰景裕房地產開發有限公司
      Foshan Yuankang Property Development             29 February 2008   RMB1,310,000,000            94%             6%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         佛山源康房地產發展有限公司
      Hainan Country Garden Real Estate                20 October 2015      RMB98,765,432            100%             0%     Property development
         Development Co., Ltd.
         海南碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
      Shenzhen Country Garden Property Investment      25 August 2015     RMB1,000,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
         Co., Ltd.
         深圳市碧桂園房地產投資有限公司




                                                                                                                                                     251
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                  Proportion
                                                                             Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                              issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                           Date of                 paid share         interest       by non-
                                                           incorporation/       capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
            Name                                           establishment                capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


            Henan Country Garden Property Co., Ltd.        27 August 2015     RMB500,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               河南碧桂園置業有限公司
            Shanghai Xinbi Real Estate Development         26 August 2015      RMB20,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               上海新碧房地產開發有限公司
            Hubei Country Garden Property Development      13 August 2015    RMB1,000,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               湖北省碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Shaanxi Country Garden Real Estate Co., Ltd.   12 May 2015        RMB100,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               陝西碧桂園置業有限公司
            Hainan Lingshui Country Garden Runda           11 April 2014      RMB110,000,000             88%            12%     Property development
               Investment Real Estate Co., Ltd.
               海南陵水碧桂園潤達投資置業有限責任公司
            Heshan Gonghe Country Garden Real Estate       8 April 2013       RMB260,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               鶴山市共和碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Lanzhou Country Garden Real Estate             1 February 2013   RMB1,570,000,000            85%            15%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               蘭州碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Hangzhou Country Garden Real Estate            1 April 2011       USD136,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               杭州碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Jurong Country Garden Property Development     12 August 2010     USD604,500,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.
               句容碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Dongguan Country Garden Property               25 September       RMB689,660,000             87%            13%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.                          2009
               東莞市碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Huidong Country Garden Real Estate             23 January 2008    RMB449,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               惠東碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Wuhu Jinzhi Country Garden Property            5 November        RMB3,000,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.                          2007
               蕪湖晉智房地產開發有限公司
            Anqing Country Garden Property Development     27 September       RMB740,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
               Co., Ltd.                                      2007
               安慶碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Shaoguan Country Garden Real Estate            5 June 2007        RMB882,352,900             85%            15%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               韶關市碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Shenyang Hunnan Xincheng Country Garden        25 April 2007     RMB1,540,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Property Development Co., Ltd.
               瀋陽渾南新城碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
            Shenyang Country Garden Property               11 January 2007   RMB1,300,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
               Development Co., Ltd.
               瀋陽市碧桂園房地產開發有限公司




252
                                      COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




44   Particulars of principal subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                    Proportion
                                                                               Nominal value of      Proportion     of ordinary
                                                                                issued and fully      of equity    shares held
                                                           Date of                   paid share         interest       by non-
                                                           incorporation/         capital/paid-in   held by the     controlling
           Name                                            establishment                  capital         Group       interests   Principal activities


           Taizhou Country Garden Property Development     5 January 2007       RMB548,300,000            100%             0%     Property development
              Co., Ltd.
              泰州市碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
           Chaohu Country Garden Property Development      18 December         RMB1,115,200,000           100%             0%     Property development
              Co., Ltd.                                       2006
              巢湖市碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
           Shaoguan Shunhong Property Development          12 July 2006         RMB879,764,400             85%            15%     Property development
              Co., Ltd.
              韶關市順宏房地產開發有限公司
           Changsha Venice City Real Estate                1 August 2003        RMB233,000,000            100%             0%     Property development
              Development Co., Ltd.
              長沙威尼斯城房地產開發有限公司
           Foshan Gaoming Country Garden Property          13 January 2004     RMB1,162,500,000           100%             0%     Property development
              Development Co., Ltd.
              佛山市高明區碧桂園房地產開發有限公司
           Country Garden Real Estate Group Co., Ltd.      20 April 2015      RMB13,940,840,339           100%             0%     Property development
              碧桂園地產集團有限公司


           Established and operate overseas:
           Country Garden Danga Bay Sdn. Bhd.              16 October 2012        RM150,000,100           100%             0%     Property development
           Country Garden Real Estate Sdn. Bhd.            16 December              RM1,000,000           100%             0%     Property development
                                                              2013
           Country Garden Pacificview Sdn. Bhd.            29 April 2013          RM10,000,000             58%            42%     Property development
           BGY Cityview Holdings LLC*                      6 July 2017          USD227,996,201             46%            54%     Property development
           Risland (Thailand) Company Limited              1 June 2017         THB2,000,000,000           100%             0%     Property development


     (i)          These subsidiaries are newly established or acquired by the Group during the year.


     *            As the Group has the rights to variable returns from its involvement with those companies, and has the ability to affect those returns
                  through its majority voting position of the board of directors of these companies and the right to determine the budget, pricing and
                  promotion strategies of these companies, the Group has control over these companies and these companies are thus accounted
                  for as subsidiaries of the Group.


     The English names of the Mainland China companies referred to above in this note represent
     management’s best efforts in translating the Chinese names of those companies as no English names have
     been registered or available.




                                                                                                                                                           253
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      45   Benefits and interests of directors
           (a)   Directors’ emoluments
                 The remuneration of every director and chief executive officer of the Company is set out below:

                 For the year ended 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                            Other benefits   Employer’s
                                                                                                               and share- contribution to
                                                                                                                    based     retirement
                                                                                  Salary      Discretionary compensation          benefit
                      Name of director                           Fees             (note)           bonuses      expenses         scheme
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

                      Chairman
                      Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung (i)                       —             10,000            13,713                 —                  15

                      Co-Chairman
                      Ms. YANG Huiyan (i)                            —                370            15,378                 —                  15

                      Executive directors
                      Mr. MO Bin*                                    —             15,000             9,418            167,153                 15
                      Ms. YANG Ziying (i)                            —             10,000            14,342                 —                  15
                      Mr. YANG Zhicheng                              —              4,000            25,573             20,717                 54
                      Mr. SONG Jun                                   —              4,000             4,061             17,083                 28
                      Mr. SU Baiyuan                                 —              4,000            12,950              6,107                 15

                      Non-executive director
                      Mr. CHEN Chong                                370                 —                 —                 —                  15

                      Independent non-executive
                         directors
                      Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph                          330                 —                 —                 —                  —
                      Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                     330                 —                 —                 —                  —
                      Mr. TONG Wui Tung                             330                 —                 —                 —                  —
                      Mr. HUANG Hongyan                             240                 —                 —                 —                  —
                      Mr. TO Yau Kwok                               240                 —                 —                 —                  —

                                                                  1,840            47,370            95,435            211,060               172

                 *         Chief executive officer of the Company; the fair value of his share options vested during the year ended 31 December 2021
                           was RMB46 million if calculated using the share price of the Company as at 29 March 2022. These share options were
                           granted as performance awards for the years from 2017 to 2020.


                 i.        Discretionary bonuses for 2020 performance awards amounted to approximately RMB8 million, RMB15 million and RMB9
                           million were approved and given to Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung, Ms. YANG Huiyan and Ms. YANG Ziying respectively in
                           March 2021.




254
                                    COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




45   Benefits and interests of directors (Continued)

     (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2020:

                                                                                                               Other benefits       Employer’s
                                                                                                                  and share-     contribution to
                                                                                                                      based          retirement
                                                                                Salary       Discretionary     compensation              benefit
                 Name of director                             Fees              (note)           bonuses           expenses             scheme
                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


                 Chairman
                 Mr. YEUNG Kwok Keung                             —             10,000              5,307                  —                 16

                 Co-Chairman
                 Ms. YANG Huiyan (ii)                             —              7,500              4,007                  —                   8

                 Executive directors
                 Mr. MO Bin                                       —             15,000              9,136            108,754                 16
                 Ms. YANG Ziying                                  —             10,000              3,918                 —                  16
                 Mr. YANG Zhicheng                                —              4,000             38,920             14,934                 25
                 Mr. SONG Jun                                     —              4,000              7,794             16,997                 42
                 Mr. SU Baiyuan                                   —              4,000             17,527              4,643                 21

                 Non-executive director
                 Mr. CHEN Chong                                 370                  —                  —                  —                 16

                 Independent non-executive
                    directors
                 Mr. LAI Ming, Joseph                           330                  —                  —                  —                  —
                 Mr. SHEK Lai Him, Abraham                      330                  —                  —                  —                  —
                 Mr. TONG Wui Tung                              330                  —                  —                  —                  —
                 Mr. HUANG Hongyan                              240                  —                  —                  —                  —
                 Mr. TO Yau Kwok                                240                  —                  —                  —                  —


                                                              1,840             54,500             86,609            145,328                160

           ii.        Ms. Yang Huiyan did not receive any emoluments from the Group from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 and has
                      respectively made arrangements with the Company under which she has waived or agreed to waive her emoluments.


           Note:      Salary paid to a director of the Company is generally an emolument paid or payable in respect of that person’s other services
                      in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                      255
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



      45   Benefits and interests of directors (Continued)

           (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits
                 During the year ended 31 December 2021, no retirement benefits were paid to the directors of the
                 Company by the Group in respect of the director’s services as a director of the Company and its
                 subsidiaries or other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its
                 subsidiaries (2020: nil).

           (c)   Directors’ termination benefits
                 During the year ended 31 December 2021, no payments to the directors of the Company as
                 compensation for the early termination of the appointment (2020: nil).

           (d)   Consideration provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors’ services
                 During the year ended 31 December 2021, there were no considerations provided to or receivable by
                 any third party for making available the services of a person as a director of the Company. (2020:
                 nil).

           (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
                 bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors.
                 During the year ended 31 December 2021, there were no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in
                 favour of directors of the Company, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such
                 directors (2020: nil).

           (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                 Save as disclosed above, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the
                 Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a
                 material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during
                 the year (2020: nil).




256
                                                                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


                                                                                       GLOSSARY




“2007 Share Option Scheme”        the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 20 March 2007 and
                                  which had expired on 19 March 2017

“2017 Share Option Scheme”        the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 18 May 2017

“2018 Design Services             the supplemental agreement dated 21 March 2018 entered into between
  Supplemental Agreement”         Shunde Country Garden and Elite Architectural which further extended the
                                  design services agreement dated 27 March 2007 (as amended and
                                  supplemented by the design services supplemental agreements dated
                                  20 June 2008, 17 December 2010, 31 October 2012, 13 December 2013,
                                  30 December 2016 and 22 August 2017) entered into between Shunde
                                  Country Garden and Elite Architectural in respect of the provision of survey
                                  work, property design and interior design services by Elite Architectural to the
                                  Group

“2022 AGM”                        the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday, 26 May
                                  2022

“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company

“attributable contracted sales”   the contracted sales of the Group’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and
                                  associates attributable to shareholders of the Company

“Audit Committee”                 audit committee of the Company

“available cash”                  the sum of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash

“Beijiao Construction Co.”        Shunde Beijiao Construction Company Limited

“Board”                           the board of Directors

“CG Services”                     Country Garden Services Holdings Company Limited, a company
                                  incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of which
                                  are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6098),
                                  ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company since its spin-off was completed
                                  on 19 June 2018

“Chairman” or “Chairman of        the chairman of the Board
  the Board”

“Chief Financial Officer”         chief financial officer of the Company




                                                                                                                     257
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      GLOSSARY




      “China Construction”                  China State Construction Engineering Corporation

      “China Construction Fifth Division”   China Construction Fifth Engineering Division Corp., Ltd.

      “CIMA”                                Chartered Institute of Management Accountants

      “Co-Chairman”                         Co-chairman of the Board

      “Company” or “Country Garden”         Country Garden Holdings Company Limited, an exempted company
                                            incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, the shares of which
                                            are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2007)

      “Country Garden Property”             Country Garden Real Estate Group Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                            the Company

      “core net profit attributable to      realized earnings of this year attributable to owners of the Company
        owners of the Company”              excluding effects such as fair value changes and net foreign exchange gains/
                                            losses

      “Corporate Governance Code”           Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

      “Corporate Governance                 corporate governance committee of the Company
        Committee”

      “current ratio”                       a ratio calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities

      “Director(s)”                         director(s) of the Company

      “Eligible Shareholders”               the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
                                            Company on Friday, 10 June 2022

      “Elite Architectural”                 Guangdong Elite Architectural Co., Ltd.

      “Employee Incentive Scheme”           employee incentive scheme of the Group adopted on 20 December 2012

      “Environmental, Social and            environmental, social and governance committee of the Company
        Governance Committee”

      “Executive Committee”                 executive committee of the Company

      “Finance Committee”                   finance committee of the Company

      “GFA”                                 gross floor area

      “Giant Leap”                          Guangdong Giant Leap Construction Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                            the Company

      “Group”                               the Company and its subsidiaries



258
                            COUNTRY GARDEN HOLDINGS COMPANY LIMITED · ANNUAL REPORT 2021




“HKD”                             Hong Kong dollar, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“HKICPA”                          Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants

“Hong Kong” or “HKSAR”            the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“Macau”                           the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Mainland China”                  the People’s Republic of China, for the purpose of this annual report,
                                  excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

“Malaysia Country Garden”         Country Garden Real Estate Sdn. Bhd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                  Company

“Model Code”                      Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                  out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“net current assets”              the value of total current assets after its current liabilities have been
                                  subtracted

“net debt”                        the value of total debt net of available cash

“net gearing ratio”               a financial leverage calculated as dividing net debt by total equity

“Nomination Committee”            nomination committee of the Company

“PRC” or “China”                  the People’s Republic of China

“President”                       president of the Company

“Qingyuan CG”                     Qingyuan Country Garden Property Development Co., Ltd.

“Remuneration Committee”          remuneration committee of the Company

“RM”                              Ringgit Malaysia, the lawful currency of Malaysia

“RMB”                             Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                             Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

“SGX”                             Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited




                                                                                                                 259
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      GLOSSARY




      “Share(s)”                ordinary share(s) in the capital of the Company with a par value of HKD0.10
                                each

      “Share Option Schemes”    2007 Share Option Scheme and 2017 Share Option Scheme

      “Shareholder(s)”          shareholder(s) of the Company

      “Shunde Country Garden”   Foshan Shunde Country Garden Property Development Co., Ltd.

      “Shunde Sanhe Co.”        Shunde Sanhe Property Development Co., Ltd.

      “Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “THB”                     Thai Baht, the lawful currency of Thailand

      “USD”                     US dollar, the lawful currency of the United States of America

      “%”                       per cent




260
Country Garden Holdings Company Limited 碧 桂 園 控 股 有 限 公 司                               2021 Annual Report
                                                        www.c ou n t rygarden .com.cn
                                                                                                             C019970
