    奇 瑞 汽 車 股 份有 限公 司
    Cher y Automobile Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)




                              Stock Code: 9973.HK




                                     2025
                  ANNUAL REPORT
CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                                  2

Chairman’s Statement                                                   4

Management Discussion and Analysis                                     8

Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management   20

Corporate Governance Report                                            33

Report of the Directors                                                48

Report of the Supervisory Committee                                    60

Independent Auditor’s Report                                           64

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                               69

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                         70

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                           71

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                            73

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                   75

Notes to Financial Statements                                          78

Four-Year Financial Summary                                            169

Definitions                                                            170
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                         NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION
                                               COMMITTEE
    Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Shang Wenjiang (Chairman)
    Mr. Yin Tongyue (Chairman and President)
                                               Ms. Li Jing
    Mr. Zhang Guozhong
                                               Mr. Wang Xiaowei
                                               Mr. Zhang Guozhong
    Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Lu Feng
    Ms. Wang Laichun                           Mr. Ye Shengji
    Ms. Li Jing                                Mr. Yang Mianzhi
    Mr. Wang Jinhua
    Mr. Wang Xiaowei                           STRATEGY AND SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
    Mr. Bao Siyu                               COMMITTEE
    Mr. Yin Xiangling
                                               Mr. Yin Tongyue (Chairman)
    Mr. Hu Jingyuan
                                               Ms. Wang Laichun
                                               Mr. Wang Jinhua
    Independent Non-Executive Directors
                                               Mr. Zhang Guozhong
    Mr. Shang Wenjiang                         Mr. Yin Xiangling
    Mr. Yang Mianzhi                           Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank
    Mr. Ye Shengji                             Mr. Ye Shengji
    Mr. Lu Feng
    Mr. Yang Shanlin                           JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank
                                               Ms. Zhan Ni
                                               Ms. Yu Wing Sze (ACG, HKACG)
    SUPERVISORS
    Mr. Wu Yunfei (Chairman)                   AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Xu Hui
                                               Mr. Zhang Guozhong
    Mr. Cai Changfeng
                                               Ms. Zhan Ni

    RISK CONTROL AND AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank (Chairman)
                                               No. 8, Changchun Road
    Mr. Shang Wenjiang
                                               Economic Technology and Development Area
    Mr. Yang Mianzhi
                                               Wuhu, Anhui
    Mr. Yang Shanlin
                                               PRC
    Mr. Wang Jinhua
    Mr. Hu Jingyuan
                                               HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Mr. Bao Siyu
                                               BUSINESS IN THE PRC
                                               No. 8, Changchun Road
                                               Economic Technology and Development Area
                                               Wuhu, Anhui
                                               PRC




2   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                  CORPORATE INFORMATION


PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG            COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
31/F, Tower Two                                     China International Capital Corporation
Times Square                                          Hong Kong Securities Limited
1 Matheson Street                                   29/F, One International Finance Centre
Causeway Bay                                        1 Harbor View Street
Hong Kong                                           Central
                                                    Hong Kong
H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                    PRINCIPAL BANKS
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716                                     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Wuhu Branch
17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                         Development Zone Sub-branch
183 Queen’s Road East                               40 Yinhu North Road
Wanchai                                             Jiujiang District
Hong Kong                                           Wuhu, Anhui
                                                    PRC
AUDITORS
                                                    COMPANY’S WEBSITE
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants                        www.chery-auto.com
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
27/F, One Taikoo Place                              STOCK CODE
979 King’s Road
                                                    9973
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong


LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong laws:
DLA Piper
25th Floor, Three Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong


As to PRC law:
Jingtian & Gongcheng
34/F, Tower 3, China Central Place
77 Jianguo Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing
PRC




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   3
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders:


    I am pleased to present to the shareholders the Chairman’s Statement of Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. for the year ended 31
    December 2025.


    The year 2025 marks the inaugural year in which Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. was officially listed on the Main Board of the
    Hong Kong Stock Exchange, becoming a publicly traded company and ushering in a new phase of globalization in the capital
    markets. It is also a pivotal year for the Company to transition into an innovation-driven, globally trusted participant in the
    green, low-carbon and intelligent mobility ecosystem, having dedicated 28 years to its core automotive business. In the face
    of a complex environment marked by profound shifts in the global industrial landscape and increasingly fierce competition
    in the automotive industry, the Company remains committed to its positioning as “Chery of Technology, Chery of the World,
    Chery for Customers, and Chery of Quality”. Upholding a long-term development philosophy, we strive to repay the trust and
    support of all our shareholders through steady and high-quality growth.


    1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND ANALYSIS
        In 2025, the global automotive industry entered a new phase characterized by the deep integration of electrification,
        intelligent technology, and globalization, with China’s automotive industry continuing to lead the global automotive
        transformation.


        China has ranked first globally in both production and sales for the seventeenth consecutive year in the automotive
        market. Chinese passenger vehicle brands have reached nearly 70% of domestic market share, marking the beginning
        of a new phase characterized by “technology leadership and brand upgrade”. With accelerated adoption of advanced
        technologies such as smart driving and smart cockpits, the share of new energy vehicles in domestic sales continues
        to rise, and automotive exports have become a powerful growth engine for China’s auto industry, with China firmly
        maintaining its position as the world’s largest auto exporter. The “going global” of China’s automotive industry has evolved
        from simply exporting products to establishing a comprehensive global ecosystem encompassing R&D, manufacturing,
        supply chains, branding, and services, thereby establishing a new image of Chinese automobiles as “safe, reliable, and
        premium” in the global market.


    2. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
        In 2025, Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. remained committed to its core business, focused on innovation, and expanded its
        global presence, achieving five historic breakthroughs in revenue, total sales, new energy vehicles, exports, and quality.
        In particular:


        The Company recorded total operating revenue of RMB300,287 million, representing an increase of 11.3% year-over-year;
        net profit attributable to shareholders of RMB19,507 million, marking an increase of 36.1% year-over-year; and a net
        profit margin that rose to 6.5%. Against the backdrop of intensifying industry competition, we achieved balanced growth
        in both scale and profitability.


        The Company achieved annual sales of 2.631 million units, setting a new record for its business scale. We made
        concerted efforts in our multi-brand portfolio, continuously optimized the product offerings, and further expanded the
        global user base, laying a solid foundation for high-quality development.




4   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Company sold 0.827 million new energy vehicles, with its production and sales volume and growth rate consistently
ranking among the industry leaders. New energy vehicles have become a new engine of growth for the Company. The
implementation of core technologies in electrification and intelligent systems has been accelerated, and the majority of
new models launched this year are new energy vehicles. Fulwin A9L, ZongHeng G700, Fulwin T11, LUXEED R7, iCAR V23,
and JAECOO5 have all been instant hits since their launch. New energy vehicles have become a key competitiveness in
overseas markets, with overseas sales growing by more than 500% year-on-year.


The Company exported 1.294 million vehicles throughout the year, a year-on-year increase of 33.2%. By the end of
2025, it became the first Chinese automaker to surpass the milestone of exporting 5 million vehicles, maintaining its
position as the top exporter of Chinese-brand passenger vehicles for 23 consecutive years and continuing to lead in
global competitiveness. Upholding the philosophy of “In Somewhere, For Somewhere, Be Somewhere”, the Company is
actively advancing its “brand globalization” and “ecosystem globalization” initiatives, with products available in over 100
countries and regions worldwide. The Company has made significant breakthroughs in the highly regulated markets,
expanding into 16 European countries; its joint venture with Spain has been hailed as a “model example of Sino-Spanish
cooperation”; and its sales in Europe have grown by over 200% year-on-year.


The Company has been awarded the Nomination Award for the China Quality Award, the highest honor in China’s quality
sector. It ranked first among domestic brands in all five authoritative J.D. Power evaluations, including Initial Quality
Study (IQS), Sales Service Index (SSI), Customer Service Index (CSI), Automotive Performance, Execution, and Layout
(APEAL), and Vehicle Dependability Study (VDS) becoming the industry’s only “five-time champion”. A total of 60 models
have received five-star safety ratings in various global assessments, solidifying the “Chery of Quality” brand image in the
public’s mind.


The Company has always adhered to building the enterprise on technology and constantly expanded its R&D investment
and innovation. It has taken a series of key breakthroughs in core technological fields related to new energy and
intelligence, continuously fortifying its technological moat. The series of ACTECO engines has been iterated. The
Kunpeng SuperPower (鯤鵬超能) CDM-O 2.0TD hybrid-dedicated engine has enabled Chery to win the “China Heart Top
Ten Engines” (“中國心十佳發動機”) award for the 12th time; The Kunpeng Tianqing (鯤鵬天擎) hybrid-dedicated engine
has been successfully adopted with a thermal efficiency exceeding 48%. The Company took the lead in launching the
“China New Fuel” strategy to promote the comprehensive intelligent upgrading of fuel vehicles. It has introduced the
“Falcon Advanced Intelligent Driving” (“獵鷹輔助智駕”) solution, covering scenarios including highway NOA, urban NOA
and off-road O-NOA. The “Lingxi Intelligent Cabin” (“靈犀智艙”) is equipped with a new-generation AI intelligent agent,
featured with multi-modal and natural intelligent interaction, both of which have been mass-produced and installed
in vehicles. Meanwhile, the Company has achieved remarkable results in the layout of cutting-edge technologies. The
embodied intelligent robot “Mornine” and the robot dog Argos have been mass-delivered globally, realizing commercial
application. Relying on the self-control of core technologies across the entire industrial chain, the Company has
driven the upgrading of products and global layout through sustained technological innovation, reinforcing the core
competitiveness of “Technology Chery”.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


        In addition, the Company remains committed to its corporate social responsibility, striving not only for commercial
        success but also to make a positive contribution to society. The Company donated HK$10 million to provide emergency
        relief for rescue operations in the disaster-stricken area of Tai Po, Hong Kong, and to support post-disaster aid and
        recovery efforts; announced an additional donation of US$6 million to UNICEF for children’s education projects, building
        on previous collaborations that have helped nearly 40 million young people worldwide gain access to quality education;
        and launched comprehensive partnerships with organizations such as the IUCN to advance biodiversity conservation;
        joined forces with internationally influential figures to establish the “Chery Global ESG Advisory Alliance”; and, as the
        sole automotive industry representative, attended the signing of the “Building Sustainable Brands” initiative at the Palais
        des Nations in Geneva.


    3. PROSPECT
        In 2026, the wave of transformation sweeping the global automotive industry will continue to surge forward.
        Industry competition will center on electrification, intelligent technology, low-carbon solutions, AI, globalization, and
        premiumization, as the market landscape undergoes rapid restructuring and global competition intensifies. However, we
        firmly believe that challenges and opportunities go hand in hand, and innovation and hard work are inseparable; only by
        adhering to a long-term perspective can we achieve steady and sustainable progress.


        Focusing on our five key development priorities (brand elevation, global market expansion, technology innovation,
        advancement toward the high end of the industrial ecosystem, and excellence in management), we are committed to
        achieving high-quality development characterized by speed, scale, quality, and profitability, while continuing to generate
        long-term, stable value returns for all shareholders.


        First, we are committed to upgrading our brand by leveraging unique technological approaches, design aesthetics, and
        cultural value creation to deepen our multi-brand differentiation strategy. We will focus on product innovation and
        enhancing the user experience to create timeless classic models, thereby continuously driving the growth of our brand
        value;


        Second, we will maintain a global market orientation, enhance our engagement in global markets, advance our
        “sustainable global expansion” strategy, improve our localized design, R&D, production, and service systems, expand
        into markets with stringent regulatory requirements, and deepen our green global expansion initiatives, in order to
        continuously enhance the quality and efficiency of our overseas market development;


        Third, we will remain committed to technology-driven innovation, focus on building a solid foundation in technology,
        continue to increase investment in R&D, and concentrate our efforts on tackling cutting-edge core technologies such
        as solid-state batteries, large AI models, and advanced smart driving, thereby fulfilling our unwavering commitment to
        developing a global innovation ecosystem;


        Fourth, we will focus on advancing our industries toward the high end of the industrial ecosystem, strengthening our
        core automotive business and expanding our high-tech ecosystem, promoting synergistic growth across multiple growth
        trajectories and high-quality development, and fostering a mutually beneficial and win-win environment throughout the
        entire industrial chain;




6   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                            CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Fifth, we will strive for excellence in management, deepen process transformation and organizational optimization,
improve our corporate governance system, and build a lean, efficient, and agile organization with a professional, global
workforce.


Over the past 28 years, Chery Automobile has grown from nothing to a leading force through dedicated effort. It has
remained true to its founding mission of “building quality cars for global customers”, consistently driving development
through innovation and winning market share through quality. In 2025, Chery Automobile took a crucial step toward
transformative growth, with its IPO as a new starting point. Behind these five historic breakthroughs lie the trust
and support of all shareholders, the choice and recognition of global customers, the collaboration of partners across
the supply chain, and the dedication of every Chery employee. On behalf of the Company’s Board of Directors and
management, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all shareholders, global customers, industry partners, and
all Chery colleagues!


As a publicly traded company listed on international capital markets, we are fully aware of the responsibilities and
mission we bear. Moving forward, we will adopt a more open mindset, a more innovative spirit, and a more pragmatic
approach to transform our shareholders’ trust into a driving force for development and turn market opportunities into
tangible growth. We are committed to accelerating our evolution into an innovation-driven, globally trusted participant in
the smart mobility ecosystem, creating sustainable and stable value for our shareholders, and delivering safer, smarter,
greener, and more diverse mobility products and experiences for our users. We will contribute Chery’s strength to the
globalization of China’s automotive industry and the transformation and upgrading of the global automotive sector.


                                                                                                             Yin Tongyue
                                                                                                              March 2026




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025     7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    BUSINESS OVERVIEW
    The Company is a passenger vehicle company headquartered in Wuhu, China. The Group designs, develops, manufactures
    and sells a diverse and expanding portfolio of passenger vehicles, including ICE vehicles and NEVs, to cater to the distinct and
    evolving needs and preferences of customers in both the domestic and overseas markets.


    The Group takes pride in its technological prowess. With the Group’s technological breakthroughs and innovations, including
    industry-leading vehicle platforms, state-of-the-art fuel and hybrid engine and transmission systems, E/E architecture,
    driving assistance technologies and intelligent cockpit system, the Group provides users worldwide with superior mobility
    experience featuring high performance, comprehensive safety and superior comfort and intelligence. Currently, the Group
    designs, develops, manufactures and sells passenger vehicles under five major brands namely, CHERY, JETOUR, EXEED, iCAR
    and LUXEED.


    As the signature brand of the Group, CHERY is positioned as a first-rated car brand of safety, comfort and quality for mass
    market and family use. The CHERY brand consists of key product series of Tiggo, Arrizo and Fulwin, as well as OMODA and
    JAECOO mainly targeting overseas markets. The CHERY brand covers sedans and SUVs with ICE, PHEV, REEV and BEV
    versions.


    JETOUR targets customers who are passionate about family travel and outdoor leisure. The JETOUR brand includes ICE
    vehicles and PHEVs.


    EXEED targets customers who value performance and elegance and provides them with smooth and sophisticated travel
    experience. EXEED brand comprises product series of EXEED and EXLANTIX, covering sedans and SUVs with multiple
    powertrain options including ICE, PHEV, REEV and BEV versions.


    iCAR, targeting Generation Z customers who are keen on technology and value freedom, is designed to bring in contemporary
    and smart travel experiences. iCAR offers a model of iCAR V23, and focuses on pure electric SUV models.


    LUXEED, targeting customers who pursue intelligence, performance and innovation, is designed to provide them with a
    transformative and smart driving experience. LUXEED offers two models, namely S7, a smart sedan, and R7, a smart coupe
    SUV with both BEV and REEV versions.


    In 2025, the Group continued its strong growth momentum as one of China’s most globally oriented automotive groups. The
    Company further enhanced its competitiveness through a diversified multi-brand strategy, expanding its footprint across both
    emerging and mature markets. Operational efficiency, global product appeal and technology-driven differentiation remained
    the pillars of Chery’s development throughout the Year.




8   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group’s multi-brand architecture enabled it to capture a wide range of customer segments spanning mass-market,
premium, family-oriented and intelligent electric vehicle categories. The Group maintained a balanced product mix between
ICE vehicles and NEVs, with continued acceleration in hybrid and smart EV adoption.


During the Year, the Group strengthened its position as a leading Chinese vehicle exporter, leveraging its long-established
overseas presence. It further expanded its sales and service networks across Europe, South America, Africa and the Middle
East, supported by overseas manufacturing bases and localized operations.


As at 31 December 2025, Chery operated 12 major production bases worldwide, including 2 overseas bases, enabling faster
regional fulfilment, improved compliance with local regulatory requirements and enhanced supply chain resilience.


OUTLOOK AND FUTURE PLANS
The five major brands of the Group constitute a complementary brand portfolio. With distinct positioning and features,
each brand targets different market segments with an expanding product lineup to meet diverse customer needs. In 2026,
the Group plans to (i) further expand product lineup and sharpen brand positioning to enhance the Group’s brand equity;
(ii) continue to invest in R&D on next-generation technologies to strengthen the Group’s competencies; (iii) continue to
enhance vehicle electrification and intelligentization to embrace global mobility transformation; and (iv) expand the Group’s
international footprints with globalization strategy to solidify overseas market leadership.


RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
The Group operates in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving automotive industry, and its business, financial condition
and prospects are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties. Competition in both the traditional ICE vehicle
market and the fast-growing NEV market remains intense, and demand for NEVs may be cyclical, policy driven, and volatile.


The performance of the Group during the Year may not be indicative of its future results, particularly as consumer
preferences, regulatory requirements and technology trends continue to shift. As the Group expands globally, it faces risks
inherent in international operations, including geopolitical uncertainties, trade compliance, currency fluctuations and
differing regulatory regimes; failure to manage these risks effectively could materially and adversely affect the operations
of the Group. In addition, the Group’s business success depends on the continued strength, differentiation and market
acceptance of its five major brands; any inability to maintain or enhance its brand equity, or any excessive expenditure in
doing so, may negatively affect the performance of the Group. The Group also relies on a diversified network of suppliers for
key raw materials and components and are therefore exposed to risks arising from price volatility, supply disruptions and
potential inability of suppliers to meet its quality or delivery requirements. Furthermore, any delays in the development,
launch, production or delivery of its existing or future vehicle models could undermine its competitiveness and growth
trajectory.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue

     During the Year, the Group derived its revenue primarily from sales of passenger vehicles, and automotive parts and
     components. In addition, the Group also manufactured and sold KD kits, the revenue of which is included in the sales of
     passenger vehicles.


     The following table sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue by products for the years indicated:


                                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2024                                              2025
                                                                             RMB million                          %          RMB million               %

     Passenger vehicles                                                           246,822                      91.5                272,352           90.7
     – ICE vehicles                                                               187,891                      69.6                174,329           58.1
     – NEVs                                                                         58,931                     21.9                  98,023          32.6
     Automotive parts and
           components                                                               15,864                       5.9                 21,725           7.2
     Others     (1)
                                                                                     7,211                       2.6                     6,210        2.1

     Total                                                                        269,897                     100.0                300,287          100.0


     Note:


     (1)     Others include automotive business-related procurement, production, technology development and other supporting services.



     During the Year, the Group generated most of its revenue from the sales of ICE vehicles. Revenue of the Group increased by
     11.3% from RMB269,897 million for the Previous Year to RMB300,287 million for the Year, primarily reflecting the following:


     (i)     revenue from sales of passenger vehicles increased by 10.3% from RMB246,822 million for the Previous Year to
             RMB272,352 million for the Year, primarily due to the enhanced product competitiveness and market recognition
             resulting from technological innovation, enriched products portfolio and market development;


     (ii) revenue from sales of automotive parts and components increased by 36.9% from RMB15,864 million for the Previous
             Year to RMB21,725 million for the Year, primarily due to the increased demand for related components and parts driven
             by the rapid growth in passenger vehicle sales, as well as the growth in sales in overseas markets in 2025; and


     (iii) revenue from others decreased by 13.9% from RMB7,211 million for the Previous Year to RMB6,210 million for the Year,
             primarily due to the reduction of certain automotive-related production and supporting services.




10   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cost of Sales

During the Year, cost of sales of the Group mainly included cost of materials, direct labor, manufacturing costs, warranty
expenses, freight expenses and taxes. Cost of sales of the Group increased by 10.8% from RMB233,589 million for the
Previous Year to RMB258,844 million for the Year, which is in line with the increase in the revenue.


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

The following table sets forth the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by product for the years indicated:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                    2024                                    2025
                                                                                  Gross                                    Gross
                                                         Gross profit      profit margin       Gross profit         profit margin
                                                        RMB million                   %        RMB million                     %



Passenger vehicles                                             32,572              13.2                34,783               12.8
– ICE vehicles                                                 32,308              17.2                26,144               15.0
– NEVs                                                           264                 0.4                8,639                8.8
Automotive parts and components                                 3,243              20.4                 4,637               21.3
Others                                                           493                 6.8                2,023               32.6

Total/Overall                                                  36,308              13.5                41,443               13.8


Gross profit of the Group increased by 14.1% from RMB36,308 million for the Previous Year to RMB41,443 million for the Year,
primarily due to the Group’s business expansion.


Gross profit margin of the Group increased from 13.5% for the Previous Year to 13.8% for the Year, primarily reflecting the
following:


(i)   gross profit margin for passenger vehicles decreased from 13.2% for the Previous Year to 12.8% for the Year, primarily as
      a result of the increase in revenue contribution of NEVs to total revenue, which currently had a lower profit margin than
      ICE vehicles, and intensifying competition in markets;


(ii) gross profit margin for automotive parts and components was relatively stable at 20.4% and 21.3% for the Previous Year
      and the Year, respectively; and


(iii) gross profit margin for others increased from 6.8% for the Previous Year to 32.6% for the Year, primarily due to the
      technology license sales of certain vehicle models, which had a higher gross margin.




                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Other Income and Gains

     Other income and gains of the Group primarily consisted of investment income, foreign exchange gains, gain on disposal
     of certain distribution network, additional deduction for value-added tax (VAT), research and development subsidies (R&D
     subsidies) and other subsidies. Other income and gains increased by 79.3% from RMB6,251 million for the Previous Year to
     RMB11,211 million for the Year, primarily due to the increase in foreign exchange gains and the gain on disposal of certain
     distribution network.


     Selling and Distribution Expenses

     Selling and distribution expenses of the Group primarily included advertisement and marketing expenses, and employee
     benefit expenses for its sales and marketing personnel. Selling and distribution expenses increased by 32.6% from RMB8,380
     million for the Previous Year to RMB11,109 million for the Year due to the increase in advertisement and marketing expenses
     as well as employee benefit expenses.


     Administrative Expenses

     Administrative expenses of the Group primarily consisted of employee benefit expenses for its administrative personnel.
     Administrative expenses remained relatively stable at RMB5,999 million and RMB6,137 million for the Previous Year and the
     Year, respectively.


     Research and Development Expenses

     Research and development expenses of the Group primarily consisted of employee benefit expenses for its R&D personnel,
     cost of materials for R&D activities and design expenses. Research and development expenses increased by 23.8% from
     RMB9,243 million for the Previous Year to RMB11,444 million for the Year due to the enhancement of R&D efforts and the
     increase in employee benefit expenses.


     Impairment (Losses)/Gains on Financial and Contract Assets, Net

     Impairment (losses)/gains on financial and contract assets, net of the Group represented provisions/reversal of provisions
     for impairment of trade receivables, contract assets, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other
     assets.


     During the Year, the Group recorded net impairment losses on financial assets in the amount of RMB189 million as
     compared to net impairment gains on financial and contract assets in the amount of RMB258 million for the Previous Year.
     The turnaround was primarily attributable to the further provision for impairment losses of trade receivables and other
     receivables.


     Finance Costs

     Finance cost of the Group comprised interest expenses on bank loans and other borrowings, long-term liabilities and lease
     liabilities. Finance costs decreased by 9.3% from RMB2,310 million for the Previous Year to RMB2,096 million for the Year,
     primarily due to the repayment of loans.




12   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Share of Profits and Losses of Joint Ventures and Associates

Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates comprised investment income in joint ventures and associates
recognized under the equity method. In 2024 and 2025, share of profits of joint ventures and associates amounted to
RMB1,446 million and RMB1,579 million, respectively.


Income Tax Expense

Income tax expenses primarily included the EIT, and the applicable income taxes of other countries where the Group conducts
business or has establishment. Income tax expenses increased by 53.4% from RMB2,278 million for the Previous Year to
RMB3,494 million for the Year, primarily due to the increase in the profit before tax.


Profit for the Year

As a result of the foregoing, profit for the year increased from RMB14,334 million for the Previous Year to RMB19,507 million
for the Year.


Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment of the Group increased by 28.4% from RMB23,443 million for the Previous Year to RMB30,090
million for the Year due to the purchase of machinery and equipment and buildings as the Group expanded its production
capacity in response to the increase in the demand of its products.


Inventories

Inventories of the Group comprised raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. Raw materials mainly included
steel products, seats, tires, battery cells and electronic components. Work in progress and finished goods mainly included
semi-completed or completed passenger vehicles, respectively.


The following table sets forth a breakdown of our inventories as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                 2025
                                                                                           RMB million         RMB million



Raw materials                                                                                   2,370                3,032
Work in progress                                                                                4,911                3,085
Finished goods                                                                                 29,043               30,635

Total                                                                                          36,324               36,752


Inventories of the Group remained relatively stable at RMB36,324 million and RMB36,752 million as of 31 December 2024 and
31 December 2025, respectively.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Trade Receivables

     Trade receivables of the Group represented receivables of income from the sales of its products from its customers. Trade
     receivables increased by 94.5% from RMB17,423 million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB33,882 million as of 31 December
     2025, primarily due to the increase of the sales of the Group’s products.


     Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

     Financial assets at FVTPL of the Group primarily included (i) equity investments; (ii) wealth management products
     and structured deposits issued by banks in the PRC; and (iii) convertible bonds. All the structured deposits are
     principal-guaranteed while wealth management products are not. Financial assets at FVTPL increased from RMB19,640
     million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB32,529 million as of 31 December 2025, primarily due to the purchase of wealth
     management products and structured deposits.


     Trade and Bills Payables

     Trade and bills payables primarily represent the Group’s obligations to pay its suppliers. Trade and bills payables of the
     Group increased by 8.6% from RMB101,496 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB110,213 million as at 31 December 2025,
     primarily due to the rising in procurement expenditures driven by the sales growth.


     Other Payables and Accruals

     Other payables and accruals mainly consisted of accrued salaries, bonuses and benefits, other payables for additions of
     property, plant and equipment, other tax payables and others. Other payables and accruals of the Group increased by 31.8%
     from RMB27,291 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB35,975 million as at 31 December 2025, primarily due to the Group’s
     business expansion.


     Contract Liabilities

     Contract liabilities mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers and rebate payables to customers in relation
     to our sales of vehicles and components. Contract liabilities of the Group increased by 29.2% from RMB15,319 million as of
     31 December 2024 to RMB19,788 million as of 31 December 2025, primarily due to the Group’s business expansion.


     Net Current Assets/(Liabilities)

     The Group’s net current assets/(liabilities) turned around from net current liabilities of RMB3,401 million as of 31 December
     2024 to net current assets of RMB9,668 million as of 31 December 2025, primarily due to the increase in our current liabilities
     offset by a significant increase in our current assets. Total current assets increased by 17.4% from RMB162,401 million as
     of 31 December 2024 to RMB190,612 million as of 31 December 2025, primarily due to the increase in trade receivables of
     RMB15,088 million and the increase in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB12,640 million. Total current
     liabilities increased by 9.1% from RMB165,802 million as of 31 December 2024 to RMB180,944 million as of 31 December
     2025, primarily due to the increase in trade and bills payables of RMB8,717 million and the increase in other payables and
     accruals of RMB8,653 million.




14   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
During the Year, the Group financed its capital expenditure and working capital requirements mainly through cash generated
from operating activities, bank loans and the Net Proceeds from the issuance of shares.


As at 31 December 2025, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB46,955 million, which was primarily
denominated in RMB22,538 million, USD548 million (equivalent to RMB3,853 million), EUR924 million (equivalent to
RMB7,609 million), and HK$5,018 million (equivalent to RMB4,532 million) (31 December 2024: RMB62,693 million, of which
RMB56,809 million was denominated in RMB).


Cash Flows

For the Year, the Group’s net cash inflow from operating activities was RMB20,130 million, as compared to a net cash inflow
from the operating activities of RMB44,887 million during the Previous Year, which was mainly attributable to the accelerated
payments to the suppliers.


For the Year, the Group’s net cash outflow from investing activities was RMB30,048 million, as compared to a net cash outflow
from the investing activities of RMB3,177 million during the Previous Year, which was mainly attributable to higher net
expenditures on purchasing wealth management products, structured deposits, time deposits and long-term assets during
the year.


For the Year, the Group’s net cash outflow from financing activities was RMB5,939 million, as compared to a net cash outflow
from the financing activities of RMB13,783 million during the Previous Year, which was mainly attributable to the net proceeds
of the issuances of shares and a decrease of repayment of bank and other interest-bearing borrowings during the Year.


INDEBTEDNESS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Indebtedness

The Group’s indebtedness primarily consisted of bank loans and other borrowings and lease liabilities.


As of 31 December 2025, the Group had bank loans and other borrowings of RMB15,924 million as compared to RMB23,166
million as of 31 December 2024. The majority of the Group’s bank loans and other borrowings were unsecured.


The Group’s lease liabilities represented the outstanding lease payments primarily in respect of its leased buildings and
properties. As at 31 December 2025, the Group had lease liabilities of RMB4,135 million as compared to RMB2,319 million as
of 31 December 2024.


Contingent Liabilities

As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Gearing Ratio

     Gearing ratio is calculated based on the total liabilities as of the respective dates divided by total assets as of the respective
     dates. As at 31 December 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was 80.4% (31 December 2024: 87.9%).


     Pledge of Assets

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged assets amounted to RMB23,859 million (31 December 2024: RMB3,375
     million). These pledged assets primarily comprise pledged cash, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, trade
     receivables, time deposits, certain property, plant and equipment, land use rights and patents.


     Commitments

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had capital commitments contracted for but not yet provided of RMB5,380 million (31
     December 2024: RMB2,519 million), primarily representing contracted but unprovided commitments for property, plant and
     equipment.


     Capital Expenditures

     The Group’s capital expenditure primarily represented expenditures incurred for purchase of property, plant and equipment.
     During the Year, the Group incurred capital expenditures of approximately RMB14,272 million (2024: RMB8,361 million).


     FINANCIAL RISKS
     The Group is exposed to various types of financial risks in the ordinary course of business, including interest rate risk, foreign
     currency risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management strategy focuses on the unpredictability of
     financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on our financial performance.


     Interest Rate Risk

     The Group’s exposure to risk for changes in market interest rates relates primarily to its long-term interest-bearing bank
     borrowings with a floating interest rate. The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost using a mix of fixed and variable rate
     debts.


     Foreign Currency Risk

     The Group is exposed to transactional exchange rate risk. Such risks arise from transactions conducted by an operating entity
     in a currency other than its functional currency. To ensure the currency risk exposure of the Group is kept to an acceptable
     level and to minimize the gap between assets and liabilities in the same currency, the Group has used foreign currency
     forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities.


     To mitigate foreign exchange risk, the Group has implemented a comprehensive risk management strategy, for example, by
     entering into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge part of its foreign exchange exposure.




16   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Credit Risk

The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish
to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an
ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.


Liquidity Risk

The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of interest-bearing
bank loans, and other available sources of financing.


FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” as disclosed in the Prospectus, as of 31
December 2025, the Company did not have any other future plans for material investments or additions of capital assets.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
The Company did not have any significant investment, material acquisition and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures during the Year.


USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
The Net Proceeds, after deducting related underwriting fees and other expenses in connection with the Listing and the partial
exercise of the over-allotment option in relation to the Listing, were approximately HK$10,128.6 million. The Net Proceeds will
be utilized for the purposes set out in the Prospectus.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth the status of the use of the Net Proceeds from the Listing (after taking into account of the net
     proceeds from the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in relation to the Listing) up to 31 December 2025:


                                                                                    Utilised
                                                                              Net Proceeds
                                                                             subsequent to
                                                                            the Listing and     Unutilised Net    Expected
                                                                                      up to     Proceeds as of    timeframe of
                                                                              31 December        31 December      full utilisation
     Proposed Use of Net Proceeds as Set Out                Net Proceeds               2025               2025    of the Net
     in the Prospectus                                      (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)       (HK$ million)   Proceeds

     For the R&D of passenger vehicles of different
          models and versions to further expand the
          Group’s product portfolio
     – for developing and expanding the Group’s NEV
          offerings                                               2,025.7              50.3             1,975.4   2028
     – for the upgrade and broadening of the Group’s
          existing product series                                 1,519.3              58.6             1,460.7   2028
     For the R&D in the next-generation vehicle and
          advanced technologies to enhance our core
          technological competencies
     – for investing in upgrading the Group’s
          electrification technologies and vehicle
          platform architecture                                   1,012.9                7.0            1,005.9   2028
     – for investing in the driving assistance solutions
          and intelligent cockpit solutions                       1,519.3                5.3            1,514.0   2028
     For expanding overseas markets and executing
          our globalization strategy                              2,025.7                  0            2,025.7   2029
     For upgrading the Group’s production facilities
          located in Wuhu, Anhui                                  1,012.9                3.7            1,009.2   2029
     For working capital and general corporate
          purposes                                                1,012.9              70.6              942.3    2030

     Total                                                      10,128.6              195.5             9,933.1


     Note:


     1.      Numbers may not be additive due to rounding.



     The Company has deposited the Net Proceeds not immediately used for the aforementioned purposes into short-term
     interest-bearing accounts with licensed commercial banks and/or other authorized financial institutions (as defined under
     the SFO or applicable laws and regulations in other jurisdictions).




18   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


As at 31 December 2025, the Directors are not aware of any material change in the planned use of Net Proceeds. The
remaining Net Proceeds which had not been utilised were placed in short-term demand deposits with licensed financial
institution. The unutilised Net Proceeds and the above timeline of intended utilisation will be applied in the manners disclosed
by the Company. However, the expected timeline for the unutilised Net Proceeds is based on the Directors’ best estimation
barring unforeseen circumstances, and would be subject to change based on the future development of the Group’s business
and the market conditions.


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of RMB0.86 per share (tax inclusive), amounting to a total
dividend of RMB5,000 million, was proposed by the Board of Directors at a meeting held on 18 March 2026, subject to the
final approval by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not reflect
this dividend payable.


Save as disclosed, no other event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this report that may
have a material impact on the Group’s operating and financial performance that needs to be disclosed.


EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 70,103 full-time employees (31 December 2024: 57,323). For the Year, the
staff cost of the Group amounted to RMB17,132 million (2024: RMB14,301 million).


The Group recruits its employees based on a number of factors such as their industry experience in the passenger vehicle
industry, their educational background, and our vacancy needs. The Group generally pays its employees a fixed salary and
other allowances based on their respective positions and responsibilities. The Group also entered into individual employment
contracts with its employees, covering matters such as wages, employee benefits, employment scope and grounds for
termination. The employees of the Group would undergo training to enhance their technical skills, knowledge of industry
quality standards, occupational health and safety standards and applicable laws and regulations.


The Group makes contributions to various social welfare schemes for its employees. These schemes include contributions to
social insurance and housing provident funds according to applicable laws and regulations. In this regard, the Group makes
contributions to five categories of insurance including basic pension insurance, basic medical insurance, work-related injury
insurance, unemployment insurance, and maternity insurance.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale or transfer of treasury shares) since the Listing up to 31 December 2025.


As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not hold any treasury shares.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      19
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     The biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are listed below. As at the date
     of this annual report, none of the following Directors, Supervisors or senior management had any relationship with any other
     Directors, Supervisors or senior management.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors

     Mr. Yin Tongyue (尹同躍), aged 63, participated in the preparation of the Company in October 1996 and has served as
     an executive Director since the establishment in January 1997, the chairman of the Board since February 2004, and the
     president of the Company since December 2024, who has been fully in charge of the daily operations and management of the
     Group. From January 1997 to February 2004, Mr. Yin served as the deputy general manager of the Company. During the period
     from February 2004 to April 2017 and from October 2018 to December 2024, Mr. Yin served as the general manager of the
     Company.


     Mr. Yin has also served as the chairman and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a director of
     Chery New Energy since April 2010 and the chairman of the board of directors of Chery New Energy since April 2025, (ii) the
     chairman and a director of Wuhu Purui Automobile Investment Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖普瑞汽車投資有限公司) since December 2014,
     and (iii) a director of Anhui Kai Yang Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽開陽科技有限公司) since August 2024. In addition, Mr. Yin has
     been the chairman of the board of directors of Chery Holding since October 2010, and has also served as a director of certain
     subsidiaries of Chery Holding, including the chairman and a director of Chery Commercial Vehicle (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (奇瑞商
     用車(安徽)有限公司) since May 2014, and a director of Karry New Energy Holding Co., Ltd.* (開瑞新能源控股有限公司) since
     December 2022. Mr. Yin has served as the chairman of Ruichuang since December 2004, and the executive director and
     the general manager of Wuhu Yongrui (the general partner of Hengrui and Zhenrui, the Group’s employee stock ownership
     platforms) since February 2024.


     Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Yin worked as a workshop supervisor and the head of the logistics section at FAW-Volkswagen
     Automotive Co., Ltd. (一汽 － 大眾汽車有限公司).


     Mr. Yin obtained a bachelor’s degree in automobile design from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) in the PRC in
     July 1984. Mr. Yin was awarded the CCTV China Economic Person of the Year (CCTV 中國經濟年度人物獎) by China Central
     Television in December 2005, the Second Prize of National Science and Technology Progress Award by the State Council
     of the People’s Republic of China in December 2008, the Anhui Major Science and Technology Achievement Award by the
     People’s Government of Anhui Province in November 2009, the title of “40 Years of Reform and Opening-up Tribute to Chinese
     Automobile Figures” (改革開放 40 年•致敬中國汽車人物) by China Central Television in June 2018, the Anhui Outstanding
     Contribution Talent Award by the People’s Government of Anhui Province in July 2023, and the “Rao Bin Medal of China
     Automobile Industry” (中國汽車工業饒斌獎) by China Society of Automotive Engineers in November 2024. In November
     2022, Mr. Yin was awarded the title of senior engineer by the Department of Human Resources and Social Security of Anhui
     Province. Mr. Yin was elected as a representative of the 14th National People’s Congress in February 2023.




20   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                   MANAGEMENT

Mr. Zhang Guozhong (張國忠), aged 54, joined the Group in July 1997 and has served as an executive Director since March
2024 and the executive vice president of the Company since December 2024, responsible for the Group’s daily operations and
management. Mr. Zhang has also served as the chairman and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a
director of Chery Technology since September 2017, (ii) an executive director of Chery Sales since July 2019, (iii) a director of
Wuhu Lion Automotive Technology Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖雄獅汽車科技有限公司) since November 2019, (iv) a director of Rejoin (Anhui)
Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd.* (瑞鯨(安徽)供應鏈科技有限公司) since April 2021, and (v) a director of Chery New Energy
since May 2024, responsible for overseeing the operations and management at a high level.


From July 1997 to December 2024, Mr. Zhang successively served as a technician, a project manager, a paint workshop
director, the factory director of the passenger car company, the assistant to the general manager, the deputy general
manager, the executive deputy general manager, the general manager of Chery Auto Parts Procurement, the executive director
of procurement of the Company, and the assistant to the general manager, the deputy general manager and the executive
deputy general manager of the Company. From December 2021 to June 2025, Mr. Zhang served as a director of Chery Holding.
In addition, Mr. Zhang has served as a supervisor in Qoros Automobile Co., Ltd.* (觀致汽車有限公司), a company in which the
Company holds a minority interest, since March 2019 and a director of Ruichuang since November 2020.


Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering and technology from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業
大學) in the PRC in July 1997 and a master’s degree in vehicle engineering from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學)
in the PRC in December 2014. Mr. Zhang was awarded the title of senior engineer by the Department of Human Resources and
Social Security of Anhui Province in January 2018.


Non-Executive Directors

Ms. Wang Laichun (王來春), aged 59, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as a non-executive Director since then,
responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


Ms. Wang has over 30 years of experience in the precision manufacturing industry. Ms. Wang has served as the chairman
and the general manager of Luxshare Precision Industry (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002475) since
May 2004, responsible for formulating development strategies and goals. Ms. Wang also serves as the chairman, the vice
chairman, a director and the legal representative of certain subsidiaries of Luxshare Precision Industry.


In addition, Ms. Wang has served as the chairman of the board and a non-executive director of Time Interconnect Technology
Limited (listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 1729) since April 2022, responsible for formulating development strategies
and goals.


Ms. Wang obtained her EMBA degree from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in the PRC in January 2008. Ms. Wang has served as
a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, a vice chairman of the
Chamber of Commerce for Women Entrepreneurs of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce and a vice chairman
of the Guangdong Federation of Industry and Commerce (General Chamber of Commerce) since January 2023.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      21
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Ms. Li Jing (李晶), aged 55, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as a non-executive Director since then, responsible
     for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


     Ms. Li has over 21 years of experience in the precision manufacturing industry. Ms. Li has served as the general manager of
     the automotive department of Luxshare Precision Industry (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002475) since
     June 2004, responsible for the strategic planning and major decision-making of the automotive business. Ms. Li served as a
     director of Chery Holding from May 2022 to March 2024, responsible for the strategic planning and major decision-making.


     Ms. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control from Dalian University of Technology (大連理工大學) in the PRC in
     July 1993.


     Mr. Wang Jinhua (王津華), aged 56, joined the Group in April 2022 and has since then served as a non-executive Director,
     responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


     Mr. Wang has over 33 years of experience in management and corporate operations. Mr. Wang has served as the party
     secretary and chairman of Wuhu Investment Holding since November 2021, responsible for formulating overall development
     strategies and goals. Mr. Wang also serves as the chairman, a director and the general manager of certain subsidiaries and
     minority-owned companies of Wuhu Investment Holding, including a non-executive director of Chery Holding and Anhui
     Yofc Advanced Semiconductor Company Limited* (安徽長飛先進半導體有限公司) (currently known as Anhui Yofc Advanced
     Semiconductor Co., Ltd.* (安徽長飛先進半導體股份有限公司)) since May 2022, a director of EFORT Intelligent Equipment Co.,
     Ltd. (埃夫特智能裝備股份有限公司) (listed on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 688165) since
     February 2022, etc., responsible for high-level supervision on the operations and management.


     Mr. Wang worked as a teacher at Eshan Primary School in Fanchang County, Wuhu, Anhui Province from August 1988 to
     August 1992, and worked at the county party committee, county government and various functional departments of Fanchang
     County, Wuhu, Anhui Province from August 1992 to February 2019. From February 2019 to November 2021, Mr. Wang served
     as the party secretary and director of Wuhu Municipal Bureau of Water Resources.


     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and management from the Correspondence College of the Party School
     of the CPC* (中共中央黨校函授學院) in the PRC through correspondence courses in December 1996 and obtained an in-service
     postgraduate certificate in economics and management from Party School of Anhui Provincial Committee of CPC (Anhui
     Academy of Governance) (中共安徽省委黨校(安徽行政學院)) in the PRC in July 2010.




22   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                   MANAGEMENT

Mr. Wang Xiaowei (王孝偉), aged 51, joined the Group in February 2025 and has since then served as a non-executive Director,
responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


Mr. Wang has over 18 years of experience in management and business operations. Mr. Wang has been the general manager
of Wuhu Investment Holding since November 2024. Mr. Wang served as an investment and financing assistant, the deputy
director of the engineering investment department, the director of the investment department and director of the office of
Wuhu Investment Holding from July 2007 to January 2020; deputy general manager (from January 2020 to December 2020)
and general manager (from December 2020 to September 2023) of Wuhu Yangtze River Bridge Investment and Construction
Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖長江大橋投資建設有限公司); and deputy general manager of Wuhu Investment Holding from October 2020 to
October 2024, responsible for overseeing the operations and management.


Mr. Wang obtained a diploma in political history from Wuhu Normal College* ((蕪湖師範專科學校), currently known as Anhui
Normal University (安徽師範大學)) in the PRC in July 1995, a master’s degree in Marxist philosophy from Anhui Normal
University (安徽師範大學) in the PRC in June 2002, and a doctorate degree in economics from the Party School of the CPC
Central Committee (National Academy of Governance) (中共中央黨校(國家行政學院)) in the PRC in July 2007.


Mr. Bao Siyu (鮑思語), aged 51, joined the Group in July 1999 and has served as a Director since June 2021. Mr. Bao currently
is a non-executive Director, responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


Mr. Bao has over 26 years of experience in management and corporate operations. Mr. Bao has served as an executive vice
president of Chery Holding since December 2024, the general manager of Anhui Chery Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽
奇瑞智能科技有限公司), a subsidiary of Chery Holding since May 2025, an employee representative director of Chery Holding
since June 2025 and a director of Ruichuang since November 2020. From July 1999 to February 2014, Mr. Bao successively
served as the assistant to the head of the procurement department and the head of the procurement quality section of
the Company, the acting general manager of Wuhu Tianyou Automobile Technology Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖天佑汽車技術有限公司),
a subsidiary of the Company, a deputy general manager of the Chery Auto Parts Procurement, and the general manager of
the Group’s Ordos Branch. From February 2014 to January 2024, Mr. Bao successively served as an assistant to the general
manager and a deputy general manager of Chery Holding, and from September 2015 to May 2025, he served as the general
manager of Chery Commercial Vehicle (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (奇瑞商用車(安徽)有限公司), a subsidiary of Chery Holding. From
September 2021 to February 2024, he served as the chairman of Chery New Energy, a subsidiary of the Company, and from
September 2015 to January 2024, he successively served as a deputy general manager and an executive deputy general
manager of the Company. From January 2024 to December 2024, Mr. Bao served as an executive deputy general manager of
Chery Holding. Since May 2025, he has been the general manager of Anhui Chery Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd., a subsidiary
of Chery Holding.


Mr. Bao obtained a bachelor’s degree in quality engineering from Anhui Polytechnic University (安徽工程大學) in the PRC in
July 1999.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     23
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Yin Xiangling (尹祥領), aged 56, joined the Group in February 2025 and has served as a non-executive Director since then,
     responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


     Mr. Yin Xiangling has over 34 years of experience in finance and financing. He has been the chief financial officer of Anhui
     Credit Financing Guaranty Group Co., Ltd.* (安徽省信用融資擔保集團有限公司) since June 2021 and is currently responsible for
     the market-oriented guarantee business and financial management.


     From July 1991 to June 2021, Mr. Yin Xiangling successively served as a chief clerk (secretary of the party group), the deputy
     director of the budget office, the deputy director of the budget division (budget office), the deputy division chief (deputy
     director) of the budget division (budget office), the deputy director and the executive deputy director of the government debt
     management office (director-level), the director of the government debt management office, and the level I consultant of the
     government debt management office of the Department of Finance of Anhui Province, the PRC.


     Mr. Yin Xiangling obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Fudan University (復旦大學) in the PRC through
     correspondence courses in July 1998 and an in-service postgraduate certificate in economics from the Party School of the
     CPC Central Committee (National Academy of Governance) (中共中央黨校(國家行政學院)) in the PRC in July 2008.


     Mr. Hu Jingyuan (胡敬源), aged 55, joined the Group in September 2022 and has since then served as a non-executive
     Director, responsible for high-level supervision on the management and operations of the Group.


     Mr. Hu has extensive experience in financing and investment. Mr. Hu has served as the deputy general manager and a
     member of the party committee of Anhui Provincial Investment Group Holding Co., Ltd. (安徽省投資集團控股有限公司) since
     November 2020 and July 2021, respectively, and has served as the chairman of board of directors of Anhui Railway Group Co.,
     Ltd. (安徽省鐵路集團有限公司) since October 2024, responsible for daily operations and management.


     Mr. Hu worked at Anhui Branch of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. (交通銀行股份有限公司) (“Bank of Communications”,
     dually listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601328) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3328)) for a long
     time, and successively served as the general manager of Anhui Branch of Bank of Communications, the secretary of the
     party committee and president of Huainan Branch of Bank of Communications, etc. Mr. Hu served as a director and legal
     representative of the subsidiaries of Anhui Provincial Investment Group Holding Co., Ltd. (安徽省投資集團控股有限公司),
     including the chairman and the legal representative of Anhui Shen’an Investment Co., Ltd.* (安徽深安投資有限公司) from
     August 2021 to January 2024, and a director of Anhui Zhongan Auto Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.* (安徽中安汽車融資租賃股份有
     限公司) from April 2021 to June 2024, responsible for the overall operations and management.


     Mr. Hu obtained a college degree in Chinese language from Hefei Union University (合肥聯合大學) in the PRC in July 1993,
     a college degree in accountancy from Anhui Vocational College (安徽省職工大學) in the PRC in July 1997 and a bachelor’s
     degree in finance accounting from Central Radio and Television University (中央廣播電視大學) in the PRC in April 2006. Mr. Hu
     was certified as an economist by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China in
     November 1998.




24   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                   MANAGEMENT

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Shang Wenjiang (商文江), aged 60, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as an independent non-executive
Director since then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


Mr. Shang has over 40 years of experience in law. Mr. Shang has served as the dean of School of Business and director of the
MBA Education Center of China University of Political Science and Law (中國政法大學) since June 2022, and has served as an
independent director of China Resources New Energy Group Company Limited and Xi’an Eswin Material Technology Co., Ltd.
(西安奕斯偉材料科技股份有限公司) since June 2023.


Mr. Shang served as a lecturer at Zhejiang University (浙江大學) from 1985 to 1993 and an associate researcher at the
University of International Business and Economics (對外經濟貿易大學) from 1999 to 2001. Mr. Shang successively served
as a division director at China Cinda Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中國信達資產管理股份有限公司), an assistant to the mayor
of the Banan District People’s Government of Chongqing (on a temporary basis), and an assistant to the director and deputy
director of the Financial Affairs Office of the Chongqing Municipal People’s Government (concurrently serving as a director of
Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (國泰君安証券股份有限公司) (assigned by Central Huijin Investment Ltd.)) from March 2001 to
March 2011. From April 2011 to October 2014, Mr. Shang served as the deputy director of the Chongqing Liangjiang New Area
Management Committee. From November 2014 to February 2022, he served as the vice president, the chairman of the labour
union and a researcher of Southwest University of Political Science and Law (西南政法大學), and from February 2022 to June
2022, he served as a professor at China University of Political Science and Law (中國政法大學).


Mr. Shang obtained a bachelor’s degree in law from East China University of Political Science and Law (華東政法大學) in the
PRC in July 1985, a doctorate degree in civil and commercial law from China University of Political Science and Law (中國政
法大學) in the PRC in July 1996, and obtained the qualification of researcher of law from Southwest University of Political
Science and Law (西南政法大學) in the PRC in June 2015. Mr. Shang has served as a member of the 14th National Committee
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, Education Sector and Economic Committee since January 2023.


Mr. Yang Mianzhi (楊棉之), aged 57, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as an independent non-executive Director
since then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


Mr. Yang has over 32 years of experience in accounting. Mr. Yang has been a professor at the University of Science and
Technology Beijing (北京科技大學) since January 2022, a director of the Accounting Society of China since June 2023, and an
independent director of 360 Security Technology Inc. (三六零安全科技股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
stock code: 601360) since May 2024, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgments to the
board of directors.


Mr. Yang served as a professor and vice dean at Anhui University (安徽大學) from July 1993 to November 2017, and as a
professor and the dean of the School of Economics and Management at China University of Petroleum (中國石油大學) from
December 2017 to December 2021. Mr. Yang served as an independent director of Anhui Expressway Company Limited (安徽
皖通高速公路股份有限公司) (dually listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600012) and the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 995)) from August 2011 to August 2017, an independent director of Guoyuan Securities Company Limited (國元證券股份
有限公司) (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 000728) from October 2013 to January 2020, an independent
non-executive director of Anhui Conch Cement Company Limited (安徽海螺水泥股份有限公司) (dually listed on the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 600585) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 914)) from June 2016 to February 2021, and an
independent director of Beijing Yuanliu Hongyuan Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. (北京元六鴻遠電子科技股份有限公司) (listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 603267) from July 2022 to July 2025.



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     25
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Anhui University of Finance and Economics (安徽財經大學) in the
     PRC in July 1993, a master’s degree in business administration from Anhui University (安徽大學) in the PRC in July 2004,
     and a doctorate degree in business administration (financial management) from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學)
     in the PRC in June 2008. Mr. Yang obtained the qualification of professor of accounting from the University of Science and
     Technology Beijing (北京科技大學) in November 2011.


     Mr. Ye Shengji (葉盛基), aged 64, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as an independent non-executive Director
     since then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


     Mr. Ye has over 40 years of experience in the automotive industry. Mr. Ye has served as an independent director of Xiamen
     King Long Motor Group Co., Ltd. (廈門金龍汽車集團股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600686)
     and Beiqi Foton Motor Co., Ltd. (北汽福田汽車股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 600166)
     since September 2020 and November 2022, respectively, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and
     judgments to the board of directors.


     From July 1985 to March 2009, Mr. Ye successively served as an engineer, a senior engineer, a professor-level senior engineer,
     the director of research office of the Institute of Standardization, the executive deputy general manager of certification
     center, the chief engineer and the chief expert of China Automotive Technology and Research Center* (中國汽車技術研究中
     心) (now known as China Automotive Technology and Research Center Co., Ltd. (中國汽車技術研究中心有限公司)), responsible
     for research and formulation of standards, regulations and certification, and research of industrial development and policy.
     Since March 2009, he has served as the assistant secretary-general and the director of the expert committee, the deputy
     secretary-general and management representative, the chief engineer and deputy secretary-general, and the chief engineer
     and executive deputy secretary-general of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (中國汽車工業協會), responsible for
     research and formulation of standards, regulations and certification, new energy vehicles, industrial strategic development
     and policies. From April 2015 to June 2024, Mr. Ye served as a vice president of China Machine Building Quality Management
     Association. Mr. Ye served as an independent director of Zhejiang VIE Science and Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江萬安科技股份有限
     公司) (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002590) from June 2020 to June 2023.


     Mr. Ye obtained a bachelor’s degree in automotive engineering from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) in the
     PRC in July 1985 and a college degree in law from the School of Continuing Education of Beijing Normal University (北京師範
     大學) through correspondence course in the PRC in March 1997. Mr. Ye obtained the qualification of a senior engineer with
     enhanced remuneration granted by China National Machinery Industry Bureau (國家機械工業局) in September 2000.


     Mr. Lu Feng (路風), aged 70, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as an independent non-executive Director since
     then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


     Mr. Lu has over 43 years of experience in policy research. From February 1982 to August 1991, Mr. Lu successively served as a
     clerk in the Petitions Office of the General Office of the CPC Beijing Municipal Committee, a senior clerk in the Research Office
     of the Finance and Trade Office of the Beijing Municipal People’s Government, a senior clerk in the Finance and Trade Bureau
     of the National Economic Commission, and a senior clerk in the Consumer Market Department and the Comprehensive
     Planning Department of the National Planning Commission. From June 1999 to January 2003, Mr. Lu served as an associate
     professor at the School of Public Administration of Tsinghua University (清華大學). From February 2003 to April 2019, he
     served as a professor at the Department of Economics and director of the Research Institute of Business and Government at
     School of Government of Peking University (北京大學).




26   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
        BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                     MANAGEMENT

In April 2010, Mr. Lu’s paper titled “Unit: A Special Form of Social Organization” (              ) won the first
                                                                                  《單位: 一種特殊的社會組織形式》
“Outstanding Achievement Award in Sociology (社會學優秀成果獎)” of the Lu Xueyi Sociology Development Foundation (陸學藝
社會學發展基金會). In October 2014, Mr. Lu’s paper titled “Double Surplus, Capacity Gap and Independent Innovation — Macro
and Micro Perspectives on Transformation of the Economic Development Mode” (
                                                                          《“雙順差”、能力缺口與自主創新 —— 轉變經濟
            ) won the fifth Zhang Peigang Outstanding Achievement Award in Development Economics (張培剛
發展方式的宏觀和微觀視野》
發展經濟學優秀成果獎). In February 2018, Mr. Lu’s book titled “Light Change: An Enterprise and Its Industrial History” (
                                                                                                            《光變:
         ) won the “Enterprise Reform and Development Research Award (企業改革與發展研究獎)” at the seventh
一個企業及其工業史》
Jiang Yiwei Enterprise Reform and Development Academic Fund (蔣一葦企業改革與發展學術基金獎).


Mr. Lu obtained a bachelor’s degree in philosophy from the Department of Political Science of the Minzu University of China (中
央民族學院) in the PRC in September 1982 and a doctorate degree in political science from Columbia University in the United
States in December 1998. Mr. Lu obtained the professor qualification from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in August
2002.


Mr. Yang Shanlin (楊善林), aged 77, joined the Group in March 2024 and has served as an independent non-executive Director
since then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


Mr. Yang has over 30 years of experience in computer and its applications. Mr. Yang has been a professor at Hefei University
of Technology (合肥工業大學) since December 1994, a co-chairman of Chinese Academy of Management since November
2015, and the director of the Academic Committee of Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) since January 2019. Prior
to this, Mr. Yang served as the dean of the School of Management at Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) from
January 1994 to June 2002, and as the vice president of Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) from June 1996 to June
2006, responsible for overseeing the scientific research and the graduate school.


Mr. Yang was awarded the second prize of the National Science and Technology Progress Award by the State Council of the
People’s Republic of China in December 2006, the Outstanding Teacher Award of Higher Education Institutions by the Ministry
of Education of the People’s Republic of China in September 2008, the second prize of the National Science and Technology
Progress Award by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China in December 2008, and the National Teaching
Achievement Award by the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China in September 2009. From March 2018 to
March 2023, Mr. Yang served as a representative of the 13th National People’s Congress.


Mr. Yang obtained a bachelor’s degree in electronic computer and its applications from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工
業大學) in the PRC in July 1982 and a master’s degree in computer applications from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業
大學) in the PRC in February 1985. Mr. Yang obtained the professor qualification from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業
大學) in December 1994.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     27
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank (黎汝雄), aged 64, joined the Group in February 2025 and has served as an independent non-executive
     Director since then, responsible for supervising and providing independent opinions and judgements to the Board.


     Mr. Lai has over 37 years of experience in financial management. Mr. Lai served as an executive director (responsible for
     finance and operations) and the chief executive officer of China Resources Gas Group Limited (listed on the Stock Exchange,
     stock code: 1193, formerly known as Logic International Holdings Limited), the chief financial officer of Nam Cheong Limited
     (listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange, stock code: 1MZ, formerly known as Eagle Brand Holdings Limited), an executive
     director, chief financial officer, company secretary and non-executive director of China Resources Microelectronics Limited
     (formerly listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 597) from May 2000 to June 2009, an executive director, the chief financial
     officer and company secretary, a non-executive director of China Resources Beer (Holdings) Company Limited (listed on the
     Stock Exchange, stock code: 291) and an executive director and chief financial officer of China Resources Enterprise, Limited
     from June 2009 to July 2023, the chief executive officer of Dah Chong Hong Holdings Limited, a subsidiary of CITIC Limited
     (listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 267), which is principally engaged in automobile and consumer goods distribution,
     from June 2016 to December 2024, and the chairman of board of directors and a director of Jonjee HI-TECH Industrial and
     Commercial Holding Co., Ltd. (中炬高新技術實業(集團)股份有限公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code:
     600872) since July 2025.


     Mr. Lai obtained a bachelor’s degree in commerce from the University of Western Australia, Perth in Australia in April 1982
     and a master’s degree in business and management from the Western Australia Curtin University of Technology in Australia in
     August 1988. Mr. Lai was qualified as a Certified Practising Accountant accredited by CPA Australia in 1987, and is a member
     of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of CPA Australia.


     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. Wu Yunfei (伍運飛), aged 44, joined the Group in November 2021 and has served as a Supervisor since then, responsible
     for chairing the work of the Supervisory Committee and coordinating Supervisors to supervise the operating and financial
     activities of the Group. Mr. Wu also served as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a director of Anhui
     Ruizhi Drive Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽瑞智驅動科技有限公司) since September 2016; (ii) a director of Chery New Energy since
     November 2023, and is responsible for the management or supervision of its operations.


     Mr. Wu has over 21 years of experience in investment management and corporate management and operations. Mr. Wu
     joined Wuhu Investment Holding in July 2004 and served as a staff member of the investment management department, a
     staff member of the asset operations department, the deputy director of the investment management department, and the
     director of the investment management department of the company. Mr. Wu has served as a member of the party committee
     and deputy general manager of Wuhu Investment Holding since June 2022, and as the chairman, a director and the general
     manager of certain subsidiaries and minority-owned companies of Wuhu Investment Holding, responsible for management
     or supervision on their operations, including: (i) a director of Anhui Changjiang Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.* (安徽長江產權交易
     所有限公司) from April 2012 to June 2024, (ii) a director of EFORT Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd. (埃夫特智能機器人股份有限
     公司) (listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, stock code: 688165) since June 2019, (iii) the general manager (from July 2022
     to December 2024) and (iv) a director of Wuhu Token Sciences Co., Ltd. (蕪湖長信科技股份有限公司) (listed on the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange, stock code: 300088) since May 2023, etc.


     Mr. Wu obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Hubei University of Economics (湖北經濟學院) in the PRC
     in June 2004.




28   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                   MANAGEMENT

Mr. Xu Hui (徐暉), aged 58, joined the Group in June 2006 and has served as a Supervisor since March 2024, responsible
for the supervision on the operations and financial activities of the Group. Mr. Xu has served as a director and supervisor
of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including: (i) a supervisor of Chery New Energy since December 2015, (ii) the legal
representative and the executive director of Anhui Pusi Standard Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽普思標準技術有限公司) since
November 2017, and (iii) a supervisor of Chery Technology since January 2014, responsible for management or supervision on
the operations.


Mr. Xu has over 25 years of experience in intellectual property and corporate management and operations. Mr. Xu served as
the head of the legal and intellectual property department of the Company from June 2006 to February 2015. From February
2015 to April 2016, he served as the assistant to the general manager and secretary to the board of directors of Chery Holding.
Since April 2016, he has served as the deputy general manager and secretary to the board of directors of Chery Holding, and
as the chairman, director, general manager and legal representative of certain of its subsidiaries, generally responsible for
the operations and management (including serving as chairman and general manager of Ruiyuan International Resources
Investment Co., Ltd.* (瑞源國際資源投資有限公司) since December 2018, the chairman of the board of directors of Tu Journey
Camping Management Co., Ltd.* (途居露營管理股份有限公司) since February 2024, and as a supervisor of Ruichuang since
June 2008.


Mr. Xu served as the head of Wuhu Anhui Intellectual Property Agency Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖安匯知識產權代理有限公司). Since
December 2008, Mr. Xu has served concurrently as an intellectual property expert of Wuhu Intermediate People’s Court. In
January 2010, Mr. Xu was awarded the National Intellectual Property Honorary Certificate by China National Intellectual
Property Administration. Since May 2014, he has served concurrently as an expert of the Anhui Provincial Intellectual Property
Bureau, and since October 2020, he has served concurrently as an expert of the Wuhu Municipal Supervision for Market
Regulation.


Mr. Xu obtained a bachelor’s degree in polymer from Tongji University (同濟大學) in the PRC in July 1991 and was awarded the
title of associate researcher by the Anhui Provincial Natural Science Research Series Senior Position Evaluation Committee in
December 2002.


Mr. Cai Changfeng (蔡長鋒), aged 41, joined the Group in July 2006 and has been the deputy director of the finance centre
since August 2023 and a Supervisor since March 2024, responsible for the supervision on the operations and financial
activities of the Group. Mr. Cai has also served as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a director of
Wuhu Purui Automobile Investment Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖普瑞汽車投資有限公司) since March 2007, (ii) a director of each of Chery
Russia and its subsidiary, OMODA Cars Rus LLC since May 2018, (iii) a director of O&J (Hong Kong) Automobile Investment
Co., Ltd. Since August 2023, and (iv) a director of EXEED Cars Rus LLC since August 2023, responsible for management on the
operations.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      29
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Cai has over 19 years of experience in finance as well as corporate management and operations. Mr. Cai was the cost
     administrator, budget administrator and accountant of the Company from July 2006 to May 2011, the accountant-in-charge
     and section chief of the finance department of Chery Holding from June 2011 to December 2014, and the section chief of the
     finance department of the Company’s International Region, senior chief accountant of the business & finance department,
     and senior manager of the business & finance department from January 2015 to July 2023, dispatched executive vice
     president of finance of Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co., Ltd. (奇瑞捷豹路虎汽車有限公司), responsible for its financial
     management. Mr. Cai has also served as a director and a supervisor of certain companies in which the Company holds a non-
     controlling interest, including a director of Chery (Qingdao) International Trading Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞(青島)國際貿易有限公司) since
     May 2020, a director of Chery Overseas Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞海外實業投資有限公司) since September 2021, a
     director of Wuhu Ruirong International Trading Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖瑞融國際貿易有限公司) since November 2021, and a supervisor
     of Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co., Ltd. (奇瑞捷豹路虎汽車有限公司) and Chery Jaguar Land Rover Auto Sales Co.,
     Ltd.* (奇瑞捷豹路虎汽車銷售有限公司), respectively, since July 2023, responsible for management or supervision on the
     operations.


     Mr. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in financial management from Hubei University of Automotive Technology (湖北汽車
     工業學院) in the PRC in June 2006 and was granted the qualification as a certified public accountant in August 2016 by the
     Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Dr. Gao Xinhua (高新華), aged 54, joined the Group in June 1997 and has been the executive vice president of the Company
     and dean of the Global Technology Innovation Center of the Company since December 2024 and is responsible for the
     supervision on the Group’s technology development. Dr. Gao also serves as the chairman and a director of certain subsidiaries
     of the Company, including (i) a director of Chery Technology since February 2018, (ii) the chairman of the board of directors
     and a director of Wuhu Lion Automotive Technology Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖雄獅汽車科技有限公司) since November 2019, (iii) an
     executive director of Anhui New Energy and Intelligent Connected Vehicle Industry Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (安徽省新
     能源和智能網聯汽車產業研究院有限公司) since November 2021, (iv) an executive director of Chery Intelligent Automobile
     Technology (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞智能汽車科技(合肥)有限公司) since July 2022, (v) an executive director of Dazhuo Quxing
     Intelligent Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (大卓趣行智能科技(上海)有限公司) since February 2023, (vi) a director of Acteco
     since December 2023, (vii) a director of Anhui Deeiot Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽得壹能源科技有限公司) since January
     2024, and (viii) a director of Wuhu Purui Automobile Investment Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖普瑞汽車投資有限公司) since December 2024,
     responsible for managing the operations.


     Dr. Gao has over 28 years of experience in the automobile industry. From July 1997 to December 2024, Dr. Gao served as
     the head of the vehicle section of the product department, the assistant to the director of the product department, the
     assistant to the director of the research institute, the vice director of the research institute, the deputy director of the product
     development centre, the assistant to the general manager, the deputy general manager, the general manager of the marketing
     company, the executive director of the product development management centre, the general manager and executive deputy
     general manager of the general research and development institute of automobile engineering technology of the Company,
     responsible for engineering design and product development. Since September 2010, Dr. Gao has concurrently served as
     a professor and a master’s degree tutor at Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學), a visiting professor at Shanghai
     University of Engineering Science from September 2021 to September 2023, and a member of the Technical Committee of
     China Automotive Technology and Research Centre from July 2020 to June 2022.




30   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
      BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
                                                   MANAGEMENT

Dr. Gao was awarded the title of Anhui Provincial Academic and Technical Leader by the People’s Government of Anhui
Province in May 2013, the title of the seventh batch of Anhui Provincial Strategic Emerging Industry Technical Leader jointly
by the Organization Department of the CPC Committee of Anhui Province, Department of Human Resources and Social
Security of Anhui Province, Anhui Development and Reform Commission, and Department of Science and Technology of Anhui
Province in September 2018, and was awarded the title of Young and Middle-aged Expert with Outstanding Contributions by
the National Ten Million Talents Project in July 2020.


Dr. Gao received a bachelor’s degree in mechanical design and manufacturing from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業
大學) in the PRC in July 1994, a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學)
in the PRC in December 1997, and a doctorate degree in vehicle engineering from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大
學) in the PRC in June 2016. Dr. Gao was awarded the title of senior engineer in December 2009 by the Department of Human
Resources and Social Security of Anhui Province.


Mr. Zhang Guibing (張貴兵), aged 49, joined the Group in July 1999, and has been the executive vice president and general
manager of the international business group of the Company since December 2024 and is responsible for the integrated
management of the Group’s international business outside the PRC market. Mr. Zhang also serves as a director and chairman
of certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a director of Chery Russia since May 2018, (ii) the chairman of Anhui
Xingtu Automobile Co., Ltd.* (安徽星途汽車有限公司) since December 2021, and (iii) a director of Anhui Mojia Zhichuang Robot
Technology Co., Ltd.* (安徽墨甲智創機器人科技有限公司) since January 2025, responsible for managing the operations.


Mr. Zhang has over 26 years of experience in the automobile industry. He was the head of the overseas quality section, the
manager of the project department, the assistant to general manager, the deputy general manager, the executive deputy
general manager and general manager of the international business division, deputy general manager of Karry Vehicle
business division, and the assistant to general manager, the deputy general manager and the executive deputy general
manager of the Company from July 1999 to December 2024, in charge of the sales business in the international market.
Mr. Zhang has served as the chairman of Chery Overseas Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞海外實業投資有限公司) since
November 2018, responsible for managing the operations.


Mr. Zhang was awarded the title of 2023 Anhui Economic Figure (2023 安徽年度經濟人物) by Anhui Broadcasting Corporation
in February 2024.


Mr. Zhang obtained a bachelor’s degree in automobile and tractor from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) in the
PRC in July 1999.


Mr. Qi Shilong (戚士龍), aged 45, joined the Group in July 2003, has been the secretary to the Board since July 2023, and
has been the executive vice president since January 2025 and is responsible for the supervision on the finance and supply
chain operations and management of the Group. Mr. Qi also has served as the chairman, director, and supervisor of certain
subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) a director of Ordos Ruishi International Trading Co., Ltd.* (鄂爾多斯市瑞世國際貿易
有限公司) since October 2015, (ii) a supervisor of Chery Sales since July 2019, (iii) a non-executive director of Rejoin (Anhui)
Supply Chain Technology Co., Ltd.* (瑞鯨(安徽)供應鏈科技有限公司) since May 2021, and (iv) the chairman of the board of
directors of Chery Technology since January 2022, and is responsible for managing or supervising the operations.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     31
     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Qi has over 22 years of experience in the automobile industry. From July 2003 to December 2024, Mr. Qi served as the
     supervisor and head of the budget section of the finance department of the Company, the director of the treasury and tax
     department of the finance department, the deputy director of the finance department, the assistant to the general manager
     and the executive director of the finance department, and the executive director of the operation and management centre and
     the deputy general manager. Mr. Qi served as a non-executive director of Rayhoo Motor Dies Co., Ltd. (瑞鵠汽車模具股份有限公
     司) (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002997) from January 2024 to January 2025. Mr. Qi has also served
     as a director of certain companies in which the Company holds a non-controlling interest, including a non-executive director
     of Wuhu Chery Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖奇瑞資本管理有限公司) since December 2021, and a non-executive director
     of Zhejiang Wanliyang Co., Ltd. (浙江萬里揚股份有限公司) (listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 002434) since
     August 2024. In addition, Mr. Qi has served as a non-executive director of Anhui Guofu Industry Investment Fund Management
     Co., Ltd.* (安徽國富產業投資基金管理有限公司) since February 2022, a supervisor of Chery Holding since May 2022, and the
     chairman of board of directors and a director of Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co., Ltd. (奇瑞捷豹路虎汽車有限公司)
     since April 2025.


     Mr. Qi obtained a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大學) in the PRC in July 2003
     and a master’s degree in business administration from Tsinghua University (清華大學) in the PRC in October 2020.


     Mr. Li Xueyong (李學用), aged 43, joined the Group in July 2005 and has been the executive vice president and general
     manager of the CHERY domestic business group of the Company from January 2025, and is responsible for the management
     of CHERY domestic business and JETOUR business. Mr. Li has also served as the chairman and the general manager of
     certain subsidiaries of the Company, including (i) the general manager of Chery Sales since November 2022, and (ii) the
     chairman of Soueast Motor since March 2024, responsible for managing the operations.


     Mr. Li has over 20 years of experience in the automobile industry. Mr. Li served as a sales assistant, a department head and a
     regional manager at Chery Sales, a marketing director of the Tiggo product line, and an assistant to general manager and the
     deputy general manager of Henan Branch from July 2005 to December 2016; the executive deputy general manager of Chery
     Commercial Vehicle (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (奇瑞商用車(安徽)有限公司), a subsidiary of Chery Holding, and the executive deputy
     general manager and the assistant to general manager of the JETOUR product line from January 2017 to May 2022; the
     assistant to general manager, the general manager of the JETOUR business division and the marketing company, the deputy
     general manager, the vice president and the general manager of the CHERY domestic business group of the Company from
     May 2022 to January 2025.


     Mr. Li obtained his bachelor’s degree in automation from Beihua University (北華大學) in the PRC in June 2005.


     For the biographical details of Mr. Yin Tongyue and Mr. Zhang Guozhong, please refer to “Board of Directors – Executive
     Directors” in this section.


     Since the Listing Date and up to the date of this report, there has been no change in the information of any Director,
     Supervisor or the chief executive that is required to be disclosed under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules, nor has any other
     matter arisen requiring disclosure under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




32   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board hereby presents this Corporate Governance Report for the year ended 31 December 2025.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Group is committed to implementing high standards of corporate governance, and the Directors recognise the importance
of sound corporate governance in safeguarding shareholders’ interests. Since the Listing and up to 31 December 2025, the
Company has applied the principles of good corporate governance and complied with all code provisions of the Corporate
Governance Code, except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1 set out in the Corporate Governance Code.


Code provision C.2.1 set out in Corporate Governance Code stipulates that the roles of the chairman and chief executive officer
should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Currently, Mr. Yin serves as the chairman of the
Board and president. The Board believes that Mr. Yin has been operating and managing the Company since its incorporation
and is familiar with the operations of the Group, which is in the best interest of the Group to have both roles assumed by Mr.
Yin after the Listing for the effective management of the Group as well as for the development of the business of the Group,
and that Mr. Yin will provide strong and consistent leadership to the Group. This arrangement will ensure the effective and
efficient overall strategic planning of the Group as the structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions
quickly and effectively. In addition, the Company has put in place appropriate checks and balances through the Board and six
independent non-executive Directors. The independent non-executive Directors are able to maintain their independence of
character and judgment and are able to express their views without undue restrictions. The Company will consult the Board
for advice on any major decisions. Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the balance of power and authority of the existing
arrangement will not be jeopardised as the arrangement does not result in an excessive concentration of power in a single
individual, which may adversely affect the interests of minority Shareholders.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS AND
SUPERVISORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as the guidelines for the Directors’ and the Supervisors’ dealings in the securities
of the Company since the Listing.


Specific enquiry has been made to all the Directors and the Supervisors and they have confirmed that they have complied
with the Model Code since the Listing up to 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      33
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Board Composition

     As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises 15 Directors, comprising two executive Directors, seven non-
     executive Directors, and six independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board is set forth below:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Yin Tongyue (Chairman and President)
     Mr. Zhang Guozhong


     Non-executive Directors

     Ms. Wang Laichun
     Ms. Li Jing
     Mr. Wang Jinhua
     Mr. Wang Xiaowei
     Mr. Bao Siyu
     Mr. Yin Xiangling
     Mr. Hu Jingyuan


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Shang Wenjiang
     Mr. Yang Mianzhi
     Mr. Ye Shengji
     Mr. Lu Feng
     Mr. Yang Shanlin
     Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank


     Personal particulars of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographical Details of Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management” in this annual report. No relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant
     relationship(s)) exists between any member of the Board and other directors, Supervisors, and senior management.


     The Role of the Board and the Management

     The Board provides strategic leadership, corporate governance, and oversight. It sets the Group’s long-term direction,
     approves major investments and financing decisions, oversees risk and compliance, appoints senior executives, and monitors
     management performance. The Board ensures accountability to Shareholders and safeguards the Company’s governance
     framework through its committees and decision-making authority.


     The management is responsible for the execution and operation of the Group’s business. It implements the strategies,
     policies, and resolutions approved by the Board; manages day-to-day operations; drives organisational performance; designs
     internal management systems; and ensures operational efficiency. Management reports to and is supervised by the Board.




34   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Independent Non-executive Directors

The independent non-executive Directors play a crucial role on the Board by providing objective, impartial and independent
judgment. Their independence enables them to offer unbiased oversight and independent professional judgment,
strengthening the Board’s decision-making processes. By bringing diverse expertise and professional insights, they contribute
to sound governance practices and support the balanced, sustainable development of the Group.


Since the Listing and up to 31 December 2025, the Board has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.10A of the Listing
Rules (which specified that an issuer must appoint independent non-executive directors representing at least one-third of
the board), and the requirements of Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules (which specify that every board of directors
shall include at least three independent non-executive directors, and at least one of the independent non-executive directors
must have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise).


The Company has received annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his/her independence. The
Company confirms it considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent with reference to the factors
set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


The Board has implemented governance measures to ensure that independent views are duly considered in its decision-
making process. Directors are provided with adequate resources to perform their duties and may, where necessary, seek
independent professional advice at the Company’s expense to assist in the discharge of their responsibilities. The Board
maintains a strong element of independence through the participation of independent non-executive Directors, who serve
on key Board committees, contributing objective judgement and oversight. All Directors are afforded equal opportunities to
express their views and have direct access to the management of the Group to facilitate fully informed Board discussions. In
addition, where a Director has a conflict of interest in a matter to be considered by the Board, such matter will be dealt with
at a physical Board meeting rather than by written resolutions, and the Director concerned must declare his or her interest
and abstain from voting and will not be counted toward the quorum. Independent non-executive Directors who, and whose
associates, have no interest in the matter will participate in the relevant deliberations, thereby ensuring that the Board’s
decisions are made on an independent and objective basis.


The Board has reviewed and considered that the mechanisms are effective in ensuring that independent views and input are
provided to the Board since the Listing and up to 31 December 2025.


Term of Appointment of Directors

Code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code provides that every Director, including those appointed for a specific
term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. In accordance with the Articles of Association,
each Director is appointed for a term of three years and is eligible for re-election upon the expiry of his or her term.


Directors’ Training and Professional Development

Directors should participate in appropriate continuing professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. The Company is responsible for arranging and funding comprehensive, formal and tailored induction for newly
appointed Directors upon appointment and suitable continuous professional development for all Directors.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   35
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Each Director, namely, Mr. Yin Tongyue, Mr. Zhang Guozhong, Ms. Wang Laichun, Ms. Li Jing, Mr. Wang Jinhua, Mr. Wang
     Xiaowei, Mr. Bao Siyu, Mr. Yin Xiangling, Mr. Hu Jingyuan, Mr. Shang Wenjiang, Mr. Yang Mianzhi, Mr. Ye Shengji, Mr. Lu Feng,
     Mr. Yang Shanlin and Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank, confirmed that he/she (i) has obtained the legal advice pursuant to Rule 3.09D
     of the Listing Rules on 10 February 2025 and (ii) is aware of his/her responsibilities as a director of a listed issuer under the
     Listing Rules.


     Since the Listing and up to 31 December 2025, all the Directors have participated in continuous professional development to
     develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. Training received by Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 are as
     follows:


     Directors                                                                           Types of training (Note)

     Mr. Yin Tongyue                                                                     A, B
     Mr. Zhang Guozhong                                                                  A, B
     Ms. Wang Laichun                                                                    A, B
     Ms. Li Jing                                                                         A, B
     Mr. Wang Jinhua                                                                     A, B
     Mr. Wang Xiaowei                                                                    A, B
     Mr. Bao Siyu                                                                        A, B
     Mr. Yin Xiangling                                                                   A, B
     Mr. Hu Jingyuan                                                                     A, B
     Mr. Shang Wenjiang                                                                  A, B
     Mr. Yang Mianzhi                                                                    A, B
     Mr. Ye Shengji                                                                      A, B
     Mr. Lu Feng                                                                         A, B
     Mr. Yang Shanlin                                                                    A, B
     Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank                                                              A, B

     Notes:


     Types of training


     A:    Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars and conferences.


     B:    Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications.



     BOARD COMMITTEES
     The Risk Control and Audit Committee

     As at the date of this annual report, the Risk Control and Audit Committee comprises three non-executive Directors and four
     independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Wang Jinhua, Mr. Bao Siyu, Mr. Hu Jingyuan, Mr. Shang Wenjiang, Mr. Yang
     Mianzhi, Mr. Yang Shanlin and Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank. Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank, an independent non-executive Director, is the
     chairman of the Risk Control and Audit Committee. Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank has appropriate accounting or related financial
     management expertise as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.




36   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Risk Control and Audit Committee is responsible for proposing the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the
external auditor, making recommendations to the Board, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the
external auditor. It reviews and monitors the independence and objectivity of the external auditor and the effectiveness of
the audit process, discusses with the auditor the nature, scope, methodology and relevant reporting obligations of the audit
before it commences, and formulates and implements policies on the provision of non-audit services by the external auditor.
The Risk Control and Audit Committee monitors the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the Company’s financial
statements and reviews the Company’s annual report and accounts, interim report and quarterly reports (if any), including
material opinions contained therein. It reviews the Company’s systems of financial reporting, internal control and risk
management, and discusses these systems with management to ensure that management has performed its duty to establish
effective systems. The Risk Control and Audit Committee is also responsible for communication between the internal auditing
department and the external auditor, acts as the key representative of the Company in dealings with the external auditor, and
performs such other matters as authorised by the Board.


During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Risk Control and Audit Committee held 5 meetings to consider, among other
things, the proposals on the Company’s 2024 financial settlement report, the Company’s 2024 internal audit and compliance
work report, the Company’s 2024 profit distribution plan, the Company’s 2025 financial budget report, implementation of the
Company’s 2024 connected transactions and estimation for 2025.


The following table sets out the attendance of each member at the meetings of the Risk Control and Audit Committee:


                                                                                                              No. of meetings    No. of meetings
                                                                               No. of meetings                   attended by         attended by
Name of Director                                                             eligible to attend                  the Director          alternate

Mr. Wang Jinhua                                                                                   5                        5                   –
Mr. Bao Siyu                                                                                      5                        5                   –
Mr. Hu Jingyuan                                                                                   5                        5                   –
Mr. Shang Wenjiang                                                                                5                        5                   –
Mr. Yang Mianzhi                                                                                  5                        5                   –
Mr. Yang Shanlin                                                                                  5                        5                   –
Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank (Note)                                                                     4                        4                   –

Note:


Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank was appointed as member of the Risk Control and Audit Committee on 15 February 2025.



The Nomination and Remuneration Committee

As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises one executive Director, two
non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. Zhang Guozhong, Ms. Li Jing, Mr. Wang
Xiaowei, Mr. Shang Wenjiang, Mr. Yang Mianzhi, Mr. Ye Shengji and Mr. Lu Feng. Mr. Shang Wenjiang, an independent non-
executive Director, is the chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   37
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for establishing the criteria, procedures and methods for
     selecting Directors and senior management, and submitting such matters to the Board for consideration. It regularly
     reviews the structure, size and composition of the Board and the relevant qualifications of its members, assists the Board
     in developing a board skill chart, and advises on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s strategy.
     The Nomination and Remuneration Committee identifies and reviews individuals qualified to serve as Directors and senior
     management, assesses their skills, knowledge and experience, and reviews the independence of the independent non-
     executive Directors. It supports the Company’s periodic evaluation of the performance of the Board and reviews the Board
     diversity policy, the measurable objectives set for its implementation and progress made in achieving those objectives. The
     Nomination and Remuneration Committee makes recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure for
     Directors and senior management, establishes formal and transparent procedures for developing such policies, determines
     the remuneration packages of executive Directors and senior management, and makes recommendations to the Board
     on the remuneration of non-executive Directors. It also prepares and oversees the performance appraisal plan for senior
     management, examines the performance of duties by Directors and senior management, reviews the Company’s policies and
     proposals on salary, welfare, rewards and penalties, and reviews and/or approves matters relating to share schemes under
     Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules, and performs such other matters as authorised by the Board.


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held 4 meetings to consider, among
     other things, the proposed appointment of senior management of the Company, nomination of non-executive Directors and
     independent non-executive Directors, implementation of the Company’s second phase incentive plans.


     The following table sets out the attendance of each member at the meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee:


                                                                                                             No. of meetings     No. of meetings
                                                                                 No. of meetings                  attended by       attended by
     Name of Director                                                          eligible to attend                 the Director         alternate

     Mr. Zhang Guozhong                                                                            4                        4                 –
     Ms. Li Jing                                                                                   4                        4                 –
     Mr. Wang Xiaowei (Note)                                                                       2                        2                 –
     Mr. Shang Wenjiang                                                                            4                        4                 –
     Mr. Yang Mianzhi                                                                              4                        4                 –
     Mr. Ye Shengji                                                                                4                        4                 –
     Mr. Lu Feng                                                                                   4                        4                 –

     Note:


     Mr. Wang Xiaowei was appointed as member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee on 15 February 2025.




38   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Strategy and Sustainability Committee

The Strategy and Sustainability Committee comprises seven Directors, namely Mr. Yin Tongyue, Ms. Wang Laichun, Mr. Wang
Jinhua, Mr. Zhang Guozhong, Mr. Yin Xiangling, Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank and Mr. Ye Shengji. Mr. Yin Tongyue, executive Director,
chairman of the Board and president of the Company, is the chairman of the Strategy and Sustainability Committee.


The primary duties of the Strategy and Sustainability Committee include evaluating and making recommendations on the
long-term strategic planning and other significant matters that may affect the Group’s development strategy, and performs
such other matters as authorised by the Board.


GENERAL MEETINGS, BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND THE BOARD COMMITTEES’ MEETINGS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Board held 10 meetings. The following table sets out the attendance of each
Director at the meetings of the Board and general meetings:


                                                                                                                            No. of
                                                                               No. of                   No. of       shareholders’               No. of
                                                      No. of      Board meetings           Board meetings                meetings        shareholders’
                                         Board meetings                attended by              attended by             eligible to           meeting
Name of Director                       eligible to attend              the Director                 alternate              attend             attended

Mr. Yin Tongyue                                            10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Zhang Guozhong                                         10                       10                           –               3                   3
Ms. Wang Laichun                                           10                         9                          1               3                   3
Ms. Li Jing                                                10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Wang Jinhua                                            10                         9                          1               3                   3
Mr. Wang Xiaowei (Note)                                      8                        7                          1               1                   1
Mr. Bao Siyu                                               10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Yin Xiangling (Note)                                     8                        8                          –               1                   1
Mr. Hu Jingyuan                                            10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Shang Wenjiang                                         10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Yang Mianzhi                                           10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Ye Shengji                                             10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Lu Feng                                                10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Yang Shanlin                                           10                       10                           –               3                   3
Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank (Note)                                8                        8                          –               1                   1

Note:


Mr. Wang Xiaowei, Mr. Yin Xiangling and Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank were appointed as Director on 15 February 2025.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     NOMINATION POLICY
     The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is a specialised working body under the Board, principally responsible for
     considering the selection of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) and senior management, determining
     the selection criteria and procedures, and making recommendations to the Board. The Nomination and Remuneration
     Committee shall review the criteria and procedures for the selection and terms of office of Directors and senior management
     in accordance with applicable laws, administrative regulations, the Listing Rules, the Corporate Governance Code and the
     Articles of Association, taking into account the actual conditions of the Company.


     When identifying and evaluating candidates for directorship, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee considers a range
     of factors such as cultural, educational, and professional background; skills, knowledge, and experience that align with the
     Company’s strategy; independence for independent non-executive Directors; the diversity and perspectives, including gender
     diversity, that a candidate would add to the Board; time commitment and overall suitability; as well as any other requirements
     stipulated by applicable laws, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and the Articles of Association.


     The procedures for nominating Directors are summarised as below:


     (i)   The chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall convene meetings as necessary to review selection
           criteria, prepare nomination proposals, and consider candidates. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee may
           identify qualified candidates through search and identification processes without requiring nominations from Board
           members.


     (ii) The Nomination and Remuneration Committee conducts preliminary reviews on the qualifications, background,
           experience and independence (as applicable) of candidates, and submits nominations and recommendations to the
           Board for consideration. The nomination of Director candidates approved by the Board shall then be submitted to the
           Shareholders’ general meeting for consideration and approval.


     (iii) To provide Shareholders with information on Director candidates, the Company shall issue a circular in accordance with
           applicable laws, rules and regulations, setting out the information of the nominated candidates.


     DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S REMUNERATION POLICY
     The Company offers its executive Directors, Supervisors and senior management, who are also the Company’s employees,
     compensation in the form of fees, salaries, bonuses and benefits in kind (including contributions to pension plans). The
     remuneration of executive Directors, Supervisors and senior management is determined with reference to factors such as the
     positions and responsibilities, risks and commitments of the executive Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the
     market standards of the same industry and the operations of the Company. Non-executive Directors and Independent non-
     executive Directors receive compensation with reference to their respective positions and duties including their roles and
     responsibilities at Board committees.




40   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Details of the remuneration of the Directors, the Supervisors and chief executive and the respective remuneration of
the five highest paid individuals for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Notes 8 and 9 to the consolidated
financial statements. During the year ended 31 December 2025, no Directors and Supervisors waived or agreed to waive
any emoluments except for Mr. Yang Shanlin, who declared in June 2025 that he waived all allowances while serving as an
independent non-executive Director, with such waiver remaining effective until the expiry of the current term of the Board or
upon his resignation, whichever occurs earlier.


The remuneration payable to members of senior management (other than the two executive Directors) by band for the year
ended 31 December 2025 is set out below:


Remuneration level                                                                                      Number of persons

HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                                                                             1
HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                                                                             1
HK$29,000,001 to HK$29,500,000                                                                                             1
HK$45,000,001 to HK$45,500,000                                                                                             1


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity of the Board. The
Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and sees diversity at the Board level, including
gender diversity, as an essential element in maintaining the Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to
attract, retain and motivate employees from the widest possible pool of available talent. Pursuant to the board diversity
policy, in reviewing and assessing suitable candidates to serve as a Director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
will consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
qualifications, skills, knowledge, and industry and regional experience. The Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and
skills, and the Board comprises seven non-executive Directors and six independent non-executive Directors with different
industry backgrounds.


With regards to gender diversity on the Board, the Company recognise the particular importance of gender diversity. The
Board currently has two female Directors, and one female member serves in the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
The Board considers that the Company has achieved gender diversity at the Board level and targets to maintain the current
level of female representation and in any event at least one female Director shall be seated on the Board. The Company
will ensure that gender diversity is taken into account when recruiting staff members of mid to senior level and ensure
that sufficient resources are available for providing appropriate trainings and career development to develop a pipeline of
potential successors to the Board and maintain gender diversity.


The Company will continue to implement measures and steps to promote and enhance gender diversity at all levels. The
Company will select potential Board candidates based on merit and his/her potential contribution to the Board while taking
into account the board diversity policy and other factors. The Company will also take into consideration its own business
model and specific needs from time to time. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy and candidates will be
considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Taking into account the Company’s existing business model and specific needs as well as the different backgrounds of
     the Directors, the composition of the Board satisfies the Company’s board diversity policy. Pursuant to the board diversity
     policy, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable
     objectives for achieving diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board and recommend them to the Board for formal
     adoption.


     EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY
     The Group promotes diversity and equal treatment in recruitment, training, and professional and personal development of its
     employees, and is committed to fostering a positive working environment. To achieve diversity at workforce level, the Group
     has put in place appropriate recruitment and selection practices such that a diverse range of candidates with different age,
     gender and experiences are considered. The Group has also established talent management and training programs to provide
     career development guidance and promotion opportunities to develop a broad and diverse pool of skilled and experienced
     employees.


     In line with its commitment to providing equal job opportunities, the Group actively encourages female employees’
     participation in high-tech, R&D, and innovation initiatives, and implement targeted measures to enhance gender
     representation in talent pipelines. The Group strengthens gender-inclusive practices through training and development
     programs, and will continue to promote diversity and inclusion through its human resources policies and workplace practices.


     The indicators on employees of the Group, including senior management, as at 31 December 2025 are set out below:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                     Percentage of
                                                                                                                    total number of
     Indicator                                                                          Number of persons                employees

     Male employees                                                                                  57,656                    82%
     Female employees                                                                                12,447                    18%


     Based on the Group’s review, there was no mitigating factor or circumstance which makes achieving gender diversity across
     the workforce (including senior management) more challenging or less relevant.


     DIRECTORS’ AND OFFICERS’ INSURANCE
     The Company has arranged for appropriate insurance cover for Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any legal actions
     against them arising out of the Company’s business, and the insurance coverage will be reviewed annually.




42   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION
The Board has a duty to perform the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code. During
the period from the Listing Date up to 31 December 2025, the Board has developed and reviewed the Company’s policies
and practices on corporate governance; reviewed and monitored the training and continuing professional development
of Directors and senior management and the Company’s policies and practices in relation to compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements; developed, reviewed and monitored the code of conduct and compliance manual to employees and
Directors; and reviewed the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board is responsible for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their effectiveness at
least annually. It has established the Risk Control and Audit Committee as specialised working body under the Board to review
the financial conditions of the Company, examine the authenticity, completeness and accuracy of financial information,
assess the implementation and effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and formulate
risk management strategy, which is then evaluated and approved by the Board. Such systems are designed to manage rather
than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
against material misstatement or loss.


The Group has developed and implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control policies designed to
supervise and address strategic, operational, financial, and compliance risks identified across its business operations.
These systems form an integral part of the Group’s governance structure and are continuously improved to enhance their
effectiveness. By implementing the risk management and internal control policies, the Group controls risks associated with
its business operations with the adoption of control and acceptance strategies. Each business unit of the Group constitutes
the first line of defense for risk management and implements risk control measures in business processes and operations.
Each enabling function of the Group constitutes the second line of defense for risk management and implements risk control
measures in functional processes and operations.


The Group’s internal audit function forms the third line of defense, responsible for supervising and inspecting business
activities, risk management practices and financial information, and conducting annual internal control evaluations. The
internal audit function reports directly to the Board and operates under the supervision of the Risk Control and Audit
Committee.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company continues to allocate resources to enhance its risk management system. In 2025, the Company optimised its
     risk management system in accordance with the COSO Committee’s 2017 updated version of “Enterprise Risk Management-
     Integrating with Strategy and Performance” and the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 31000 “Risk
     Management – Guidelines”. This provided an institutional and procedural foundation for the entire company to adopt a
     consistent approach to identifying, assessing, managing, and reporting risks. Identifying, assessing and managing risks is the
     responsibility of the Company’s management. During 2025, the Company conducted a comprehensive risk identification and
     assessment according to company-wide risk appetite and risk tolerance, covering not only existing risks but also emerging
     risks, established a company-level risk data base and risk heat map, and prioritised the review of risk control measures
     for significant risks. For some of these risks, specialised risk governance task forces were established to strengthen risk
     mitigation effectiveness. In 2025, the Company clarified its risk management procedures through institutional and process
     development, covering the entire process of risk identification, risk assessment, risk response governance, and risk reporting
     and monitoring. The system defines the roles, responsibilities, and authorities of different departments and employees at
     each stage of risk management.


     This year, the Company’s internal control evaluation working group formulated the internal control evaluation plan, covering
     financial, operational and compliance controls, conducted on-site inspections and evaluations of the internal control system,
     identified internal control deficiencies, developed rectification plans in collaboration with responsible departments, tracked
     the implementation of rectifications, and compiled an internal control evaluation report to be submitted to the Board.


     Based on the effectiveness evaluation of the risk management and internal control systems as well as the internal audit
     function from the internal control assessment report, along with confirmation from the Company’s management, and further
     considering the sufficiency of the personnel and resources, the qualifications and experience of risk employees, training
     programs, and the Company’s budgetary investments in accounting and financial reporting, risk management, internal
     controls, compliance, internal audit, and ESG functions, the Risk Control and Audit Committee confirms that the Company’s
     risk management and internal control systems are effective and sufficient during the year ended 31 December 2025.


     Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the risk management system adopted by the Company is adequate and effective in
     assessing, determining, and managing significant risks that the Company may undertake to achieve its strategic objectives.


     PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
     The Company maintains a policy on disclosure of inside information with reference to the Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
     Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission. The policy sets out procedures and internal controls for
     handling and disseminating inside information in an appropriate and timely manner, such as taking steps to determine
     sufficient details, conducting internal assessment of the matter and its possible impact on the Company, seeking professional
     advice when required and verifying the facts. Anyone in possession of the information must ensure such information is kept in
     strict confidentiality and is not allowed to buy or sell any securities of the Company until the information is fully disclosed to
     the public.




44   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RELATION TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31
December 2025, which give a true and fair view of the condition of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results and
cash flows.


The management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry
out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company
provides all members of the Board with monthly updates on Company’s performance, positions and prospects.


The Directors were not aware of any material uncertainties which may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.


The auditor’s statement on its reporting responsibilities in respect of the Group’s consolidated financial statements is set out
in the Independent Auditor’s Report in this annual report.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company’s remuneration to the external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young,
in respect of the audit of the Group’s consolidated financial statements was RMB7 million. Apart from this, the Company’s
external auditor provided non-audit services primarily in respect of tax and sustainability advisory services at a fee of RMB6
million.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. Zhan Ni, assistant to the president and head of the office of the Board, and Ms. Yu Wing Sze, manager of the listing
services division at TMF Hong Kong Limited, an external service provider of the Company, have been appointed as the joint
company secretaries of the Company.


Ms. Zhan Ni has been designated as the principal contact person of the Company and will cooperate and communicate with
Ms. Yu Wing Sze on corporate governance matters of the Company.


During the year ended 31 December 2025, Ms. Zhan Ni and Ms. Yu Wing Sze have received relevant professional training of
not less than 15 hours respectively in accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Convening of General Meetings by Shareholders

     Shareholder(s) individually or collectively holding 10% or more of the Shares (excluding treasury shares) shall have the right
     to request the Board to convene an extraordinary general meeting and such request shall be made to the Board in writing.


     The Board shall give a written response as to whether or not it agrees to convene such an extraordinary general meeting
     within ten days upon receipt of the request. Where the Board agrees to hold an extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a
     notice of the general meeting within five days after the resolution is made. Any change to the original request shall be subject
     to the approval from the relevant Shareholder(s). Where the Board does not agree to hold an extraordinary general meeting
     or fails to give a reply within ten days upon receipt of the request, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively holding 10%
     or more of the Shares shall have the right to submit a proposal to the Supervisory Committee on holding an extraordinary
     general meeting and such request shall be made in writing.


     The Supervisory Committee shall give a written response as to whether or not it agrees to convene such an extraordinary
     general meeting within ten days upon receipt of the proposal. Where the Supervisory Committee agrees to hold an
     extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a notice of general meeting within five days after receiving the request. Any
     changes to the original request shall be approved by the relevant Shareholder(s). Where the Supervisory Committee fails to
     give the notice of the general meeting within the specified time limit, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee does
     not convene or preside over the meeting, in which case, Shareholder(s) who individually or collectively holding 10% or more of
     the Shares for 90 or more consecutive days may convene and preside over the meeting on their own.


     If the general meeting is convened by the Supervisory Committee or Shareholder(s) on their own, a written notice shall be
     issued to the Board. Prior to the announcement of the resolution of the general meeting, the proportion of Shares held by the
     convening Shareholder(s) shall not be less than 10%.


     The Board and the secretary to the Board should cooperate with the Supervisory Committee or Shareholder(s) to convene
     general meetings on their own. The Board shall provide the register of Shareholders on the record date of equity interests.


     The expenses necessary for the general meeting convened by the Supervisory Committee or the Shareholder(s) themselves
     shall be borne by the Company.


     Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

     When the Company convenes a general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee, and Shareholder(s) individually
     or jointly holding 1% or more of the Shares of the Company shall have the right to make a proposal to the Company.
     Shareholder(s) individually or jointly holding 1% or more of the Shares may make an interim proposal in writing to the
     convener of a general meeting 10 days prior to the meeting. An interim proposal shall have a topic and a specific resolution.
     Within two days upon receipt of such proposal, the convener shall issue a supplemental notice of the general meeting and
     announce the content of such interim proposal and submit the same to the general meeting for consideration, except for
     those interim proposals which violate the provisions of laws, administrative regulations, the Listing Rules, other securities
     regulatory rules of the places where the Shares are listed or the Articles of Association, or do not fall within the terms of
     reference of the general meeting.


     Proposals which are not specified in the notice of general meeting or do not comply with Article 57 of the Articles of
     Association shall not be voted on and resolved at the general meeting.



46   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Enquiries to the Board

The Company maintains a website at www.chery-auto.com, where information on the Company’s profile, key corporate
governance policies and announcements, financial reports, sustainable development and other information are available for
public access. Shareholders and investors may send written enquiries or requests to the Company by the following ways:


Address:           No. 8, Changchun Road Economic Technology and Development Area Wuhu, Anhui PRC
Email:             chery-auto_IR@mychery.com


INVESTOR RELATIONS
Shareholders’ Communication Policy

The Company is committed to providing shareholders with fair, equal and timely access to information. Corporate
communications such as directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of the auditors’ report, interim report, notice
of meeting, listing document, circular and proxy form are disseminated to the Shareholders in accordance with the Articles of
Association, and are published on the respective website of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner.


Shareholders may express their views through participation at general meetings or by making written enquiries to the Board.
The Articles of Association allow Shareholders to submit proposals and convene general meetings, ensuring Shareholders
have formal avenues to communicate their views on matters affecting the Company.


Since the Listing and up to 31 December 2025, all corporate communications and regulatory announcements were published
by the Company on its website and the website of the Stock Exchange in a timely manner. All these implemented measures
together have ensured the Shareholders are provided with regular, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable
information about the Group, which ensures that Shareholders can exercise their rights in an informed manner and allows
them to engage actively with the Group. In view of the above, the Board considers that the shareholders communication policy
is effective.


Dividend Policy

As the Board considers dividend declarations with reference to the operating and financial conditions of each relevant year
and other circumstances as appropriate, it has not adopted a formal dividend policy so as to maintain flexibility for the Board
to formulate profit distribution plan each year.


The payment and amounts of dividends (if any) depend on the Group’s results of operations, cash flows, financial position,
statutory and regulatory restrictions on the dividends to be paid by the Company, prospects and other relevant factors.
The declaration, payment and amount of dividends will be subject to the Company’s discretion. The proposed payment of
dividends is also subject to the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting, and any declaration of final dividend for the period
will be subject to the approval of the Shareholders.


Constitutional Documents

The Company had amended the Articles of Association since the Listing to reflect the capital increase of the Company
as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment option in relation to the Listing, details of which are set out in the
Company’s announcement dated 28 October 2025.


The full text of the up-to-date Articles of Association is available on the Company’s website (www.chery-auto.com) and the
website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      47
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     The Board is pleased to present its Directors’ report and the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for
     the year ended 31 December 2025.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group is principally engaged in the manufacturing and sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Group’s business review and its future business development, an analysis of the Group’s business using financial key
     performance indicators, important events affecting the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year,
     and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group are set out in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board has resolved to recommend the distribution of a final dividend in cash of RMB0.86 per share of the Company (tax
     inclusive) for the Year. It is expected that the proposed final dividend, if approved by the Shareholders at the 2025 AGM, will
     be paid on or before 26 June 2026.


     The final dividend payable to the Unlisted Shareholders will be paid in Renminbi, and that to the holders of H Shareholders
     will be declared in Renminbi and paid in Hong Kong Dollars at an exchange rate calculated based on the average exchange
     rate of RMB against Hong Kong dollars published by the People’s Bank of China five business days prior to the 2025 AGM.


     As at 31 December 2025, there was no arrangement under which a Shareholder had waived or agreed to waive any dividends.


     DIVIDEND TAXATION
     Under the PRC EIT Law and its implementation rules, subject to any applicable tax treaty or similar arrangement between the
     Chinese Mainland and a non-Chinese Mainland investor’s jurisdiction of residence that provides for a different income tax
     arrangement, Chinese Mainland withholding tax at the rate of 10% is normally applicable to dividends from Chinese Mainland
     sources payable to investors that are non-Chinese Mainland resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment or
     place of business in Chinese Mainland, or which have an establishment or place of business in Chinese Mainland if the
     relevant income is not effectively connected with such establishment or place of business. Any gains realised on the transfer
     of shares by such investors are subject to a 10% Chinese Mainland income tax rate if such gains are regarded as income from
     sources within Chinese Mainland unless a treaty or similar arrangement provides otherwise.


     Under the PRC Individual Income Tax Law (            ) and its implementation rules, dividends from
                                            《中華人民共和國個人所得稅法》
     sources within Chinese Mainland paid to foreign individual investors who are not Chinese Mainland residents are generally
     subject to a Chinese Mainland withholding tax at a rate of 20% and gains from Chinese Mainland sources realised by such
     investors on the transfer of shares are generally subject to a 20% Chinese Mainland income tax rate, in each case, subject
     to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties and laws in Chinese Mainland. Pursuant to the Circular on
     Questions Concerning the Collection of Individual Income Tax Following the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (
                                                                                                                    《關於國稅
                                    ) (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (國稅函[2011]348 號) dated June
     發[1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》
     28, 2011, issued by the STA, dividends paid to non-Chinese Mainland resident individual holders of H Shares are generally
     subject to individual income tax of Chinese Mainland at the withholding tax rate of 10%, depending on whether there is any




48   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


applicable tax treaty between China and the jurisdiction where the non-Chinese Mainland resident individual holder of H
Shares resides as well as the tax arrangement between Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong. Non-Chinese Mainland resident
individual holders who reside in jurisdictions that have not entered into tax treaties with Chinese Mainland are subject to a
20% withholding tax on dividends received from us. However, pursuant to the Circular Declaring that Individual Income Tax
Continues to be Exempted over Income of Individuals from Transfer of Shares (
                                                                           《關於個人轉讓股票所得繼續暫免徵收個人所得稅
   ) issued by the MOF of Chinese Mainland and the STA on 30 March 1998, gains of individuals derived from the transfer
的通知》
of listed shares of enterprises may be exempt from individual income tax. In addition, on 31 December 2009, the MOF, the
STA and the China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理委員會) jointly issued the Circular on Relevant Issues
Concerning the Collection of Individual Income Tax over the Income Received by Individuals from Transfer of Listed Shares
Subject to Sales Limitation (                             ) (Cai Shui [2009] No. 167)
                            《關於個人轉讓上市公司限售股所得徵收個人所得稅有關問題的通知》
which states that individuals’ income from the transfer of listed shares on certain domestic exchanges shall continue to be
exempted from individual income tax, except for the relevant shares which are subject to sales restrictions as defined in the
Supplementary Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning the Collection of Individual Income Tax over the Income Received by
Individuals from Transfer of the Listed Shares Subject to Sales Limitations (
                                                                           《關於個人轉讓上市公司限售股所得徵收個人所得稅
         ) (Cai Shui [2010] No. 70). As of the date of this annual report, the aforesaid provision has not expressly
有關問題的補充通知》
provided that individual income tax shall be collected from non-Chinese Mainland resident individuals on the sale of shares of
Chinese Mainland resident enterprises listed on overseas stock exchanges.


Shareholders are recommended to consult their tax advisors regarding the ownership and disposal of H Shares in the PRC
and in Hong Kong and other tax effects.


SHARE CAPITAL
In connection with the Listing, 297,397,000 H Shares were issued and allotted at a price of HK$30.75 per H Share. Dealing
in the H Shares on the Stock Exchange commenced on 25 September 2025. On 27 October 2025, an additional of 41,375,900
H Shares were issued and allotted at a price of HK$30.75 per H Share pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option in relation to the Listing. The aggregate nominal value of the 338,772,900 H Shares issued was RMB338,772,900.


After deducting related underwriting fees and other expenses in connection with the Listing, the Company received an
aggregate Net Proceeds of approximately HK$10,128.6 million. The net price per H Share was approximately HK$29.9.


Details of the changes in share capital of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in Note 34 to the
consolidated financial statements.


DEBENTURES
The Company did not issue any debentures during the year ended 31 December 2025.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and the management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Company. For the year ended 31 December
2025, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance with, applicable laws and regulations by the Group.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     49
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     RESERVES AND DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and in the section headed “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” in this annual
     report.


     As at 31 December 2025, the Company’s aggregate amount of reserve available for distribution to equity Shareholders was
     approximately RMB34,564 million.


     RIGHTS OF PRE-EMPTIVE
     According to the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, there is no arrangement for the rights of pre-emption.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION TO HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders
     of the Company due to their holding of the Company’s securities.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
     The Directors and the Supervisors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report are set
     out below:


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Yin Tongyue (Chairman and President)
     Mr. Zhang Guozhong


     Non-executive Directors

     Ms. Wang Laichun
     Ms. Li Jing
     Mr. Wang Jinhua
     Mr. Wang Xiaowei
     Mr. Bao Siyu
     Mr. Yin Xiangling
     Mr. Hu Jingyuan


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Shang Wenjiang
     Mr. Yang Mianzhi
     Mr. Ye Shengji
     Mr. Lu Feng
     Mr. Yang Shanlin
     Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank


     Supervisors

     Mr. Wu Yunfei (Chairman)
     Mr. Xu Hui
     Mr. Cai Changfeng




50   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SERVICE CONTRACTS AND APPOINTMENT LETTERS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
Each of the Directors and Supervisors entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of three years. The service
contracts may be renewed in accordance with the Articles of Association and the applicable laws, rules and regulations from
time to time.


None of the Directors or Supervisors has or is proposed to have a service contract with any member of the Company other
than contracts expiring or determinable by the relevant employer within one year without the payment of compensation (other
than statutory compensation).


MATERIAL INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
During the year ended 31 December 2025, save as the transactions between the Group and Luxshare Precision Industry,
an associate of Ms. Wang Laichun, a non-executive Director, disclosed in the section headed “CONTINUING CONNECTED
TRANSACTIONS” and note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. no other Director, Supervisor or any entity connected
with the Directors or Supervisors of the Company was materially interested in, either directly or indirectly, any transactions,
arrangements or contracts of significance relating to the business of the Company to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party.


INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, no Directors, the Supervisors or any of their respective associates (as defined in the
Listing Rules) had any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete with the Company’s business as required
to be disclosed under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     51
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
     As at 31 December 2025, the following Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company had interest or short position
     in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code:


                                                                                                                            Approximate                 Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of                percentage of
                                                                                                                          interest in the                  interest in
                                                                                                                      Unlisted Shares/               the total share
                           Nature of                                                              Number of                      H Shares              capital of the
     Name                  interest                        Description of Shares                     Shares(1)       (as appropriate)(2)                   Company(2)



     Mr. Yin               Interest in a controlled        Unlisted Shares                      604,072,938                        17.49%                      10.40%
                              corporation(3)
                                                           H Shares                             394,182,869                        16.74%                        6.79%

                                                           Total                                998,255,807                                                    17.19%


     Notes:


     (1)   All interests are long positions.


     (2)   The calculation is based on the total number of 3,453,832,559 Unlisted Shares and 2,354,771,974 H Shares in issue as at 31 December 2025.


     (3)   Mr. Yin is deemed to be interested in the 604,072,938 Unlisted Shares and 394,182,869 H Shares held by the Management and Employee Stock Ownership
           Platforms, comprising (i) 419,780,138 Unlisted Shares and 209,890,069 H Shares held by Ruichuang, (ii) 92,146,400 Unlisted Shares and 92,146,400 H Shares
           held by Hengrui, and (iii) 92,146,400 Unlisted Shares and 92,146,400 H Shares held by Zhenrui. For the avoidance of doubt, the above statistical interests of
           Mr. Yin are deemed interests for the purpose of the SFO, which does not imply that Mr. Yin actually owns such interests. At the level of Hengrui and Zhenrui, the
           general partner of Hengrui and Zhenrui, Mr. Yin only holds equity interests as a shareholder of Wuhu Yongrui, the general partner of Hengrui and Zhenrui, with
           very low shareholding percentages in Hengrui and Zhenrui, and the actual interests held through Hengrui and Zhenrui in the Company are negligible. On a see-
           through basis, Mr. Yin only holds interests in the Company through Ruichuang, and the percentage of interests actually held by Mr. Yin in the Company is less
           than 5%.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of the Company had
     any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of
     the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


     Further, none of the Directors or the Supervisors was a director or employee of a company which had an interest or short
     position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange under the provisions of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.




52   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
So far as known to the Directors as at 31 December 2025, the following persons other than the Directors, Supervisors and
chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                           Approximate              Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of         percentage of
                                                                                                                         interest in the               interest in
                                                                                                                      Unlisted Shares/          the total share
Name of                               Nature of                     Description of                Number of                     H Shares            capital of the
Shareholder                           interest                      Shares                           Shares   (1)
                                                                                                                     (as appropriate)     (2)
                                                                                                                                                      Company(2)


Wuhu Investment                       Beneficial owner(3)           Unlisted Shares             938,978,159                       27.19%                  16.17%
      Holding                                                       H Shares                    218,793,265                         9.29%                  3.77%
Ms. Wang Laijiao                      Interest in controlled        Unlisted Shares             920,426,548                       26.65%                  15.85%
                                      corporation(4)                H Shares                                 Nil                          –                     –
Mr. Wang Laixi                        Interest in controlled        Unlisted Shares             920,426,548                       26.65%                  15.85%
                                      corporation(4)                H Shares                                 Nil                          –                     –
Luxshare Investment                   Interest in controlled        Unlisted Shares             920,426,548                       26.65%                  15.85%
      Limited                         corporation                   H Shares                                 Nil                          –                     –
Luxshare Investment                   Beneficial owner   (4)
                                                                    Unlisted Shares             920,426,548                       26.65%                  15.85%
      (HK) Limited                                                  H Shares                                 Nil                          –                     –
Ruichuang                             Beneficial owner              Unlisted Shares             419,780,138                       12.15%                   7.23%
                                                                    H Shares                    209,890,069                         8.91%                  3.61%
Anhui Credit                          Beneficial owner              Unlisted Shares             272,756,800                         7.90%                  4.70%
      Guaranty                                                      H Shares                    272,756,800                       11.58%                   4.70%
Wuhu Yongrui                          Interest in controlled        Unlisted Shares             184,292,800                         5.34%                  3.17%
                                      corporation                   H Shares                    184,292,800                         7.83%                  3.17%
Anhui Investment                      Beneficial owner              Unlisted Shares             142,112,000                         4.11%                  2.45%
      Holding                                                       H Shares                    142,112,000                         6.04%                  2.45%
Qingdao Wudaokou                      Beneficial owner(5)           Unlisted Shares               93,178,985                        2.70%                  1.60%
                                                                    H Shares                    136,359,488                         5.79%                  2.35%
Ningbo Wending                        Beneficial owner(6)           Unlisted Shares                          Nil                          –                     –
                                                                    H Shares                    172,483,393                         7.32%                  2.97%
Qingdao Xincheng                      Beneficial owner(7)           Unlisted Shares                          Nil                          –                     –
                                                                    H Shares                    154,676,594                         6.57%                  2.66%
Zhuhai Shangshun                      Beneficial owner(8)           Unlisted Shares                          Nil                          –                     –
                                                                    H Shares                    122,322,174                         5.19%                  2.11%

Notes:


(1)     All interests are long positions.


(2)     The calculation is based on the total number of 3,453,832,559 Unlisted Shares and 2,354,771,974 H Shares in issue as at 31 December 2025.


(3)     Wuhu Investment Holding is owned as to 95.59% by Wuhu SASAC and as to 4.41% by Anhui Provincial Department of Finance.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025        53
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     (4)   As at 31 December 2025, Luxshare Investment (HK) Limited directly held 920,426,548 Foreign Unlisted Shares. Luxshare Investment (HK) Limited is a wholly-
           owned subsidiary of Luxshare Investment Limited. Each of Ms. Wang Laijiao and Mr. Wang Laixi, both being family members of Ms. Wang Laichun (non-executive
           Director), holds 50% of the issued share capital of Luxshare Investment Limited. Therefore, each of Luxshare Investment Limited, Ms. Wang Laijiao and Mr. Wang
           Laixi is deemed to be interested in 920,426,548 Foreign Unlisted Shares held by Luxshare Investment (HK) Limited for the purpose of the SFO.


     (5)   Qingdao Wudaokou is a limited partnership established in the PRC. The general partner of Qingdao Wudaokou is Qingdao Xingrui, holding 0.99% partnership
           interest in Qingdao Wudaokou. Qingdao Xingrui is owned as to 51% and 49% by Beijing Water Wood and Qingdao Chengxin. The general partner holding 0.33%
           partnership interest in Beijing Water Wood is owned as to 99% by Mr. Mao Jian (毛健), and the limited partner holding 98.67% partnership interest in Beijing
           Water Wood is Mr. Mao Jian (毛健). Qingdao Chengxin is ultimately owned as to 46% and 54% by the Qingdao SASAC and the Jimo SAOSC, respectively. The
           limited partners of Qingdao Wudaokou include Jinan Jiading and Jinan Changying, each holding 49.51% partnership interest in Qingdao Wudaokou. Each of the
           general partner and the limited partner of Jinan Jiading is ultimately owned as to 46% and 54% by Qingdao SASAC and Jimo SAOSC. The general partner of Jinan
           Changying holding 0.01% partnership interest is ultimately controlled as to 37.64% and 35% by Mr. Ba Zhen (巴震) and Jimo SAOSC. The limited partner of Jinan
           Changying, holding 99.99% partnership interest in Jinan Changying is wholly owned by Jimo SAOSC. Therefore, Qingdao Xingrui, Beijing Waterwood, Qingdao
           Chengxin, Jinan Jiading, Jinan Changying, Mr. Mao Jian and Mr. Ba Zhen are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Qingdao Wudaokou for the purpose of
           the SFO.


     (6)   Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (寧德時代新能源科技股份有限公司), dually listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300750) and the
           Stock Exchange (stock code: 3750), is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by its wholly-owned subsidiary, Ningbo Wending, for the purpose of the SFO.


     (7)   Qingdao Xincheng is a limited partnership established in the PRC. The general partner of Qingdao Xincheng is Xincheng Haishun, holding 0.0059% partnership
           interest in Qingdao Xincheng. Xincheng Haishun is owned as to 52.83% by Zhuhai Houjiang Consultation Service Co., Ltd.* (珠海厚疆諮詢服務有限責任公司),which
           is in turn owned as to 60% by Mr. Xie Yongyuan (謝永元) and 40% by Mr. Jiang Bo (姜波), 35.00% by Qingdao Chengxin, which is in turn owned as to 46% by
           Qingdao SASAC and 54% by Jimo SAOSC, and 12.17% by Qingdao Jimo Innovation Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (青島即墨創智投資發展有限公司), which is in
           turn wholly owned by Jimo SAOSC. Therefore, Xincheng Haishun, Zhuhai Houjiang, Qingdao Chengxin, Qingdao Urban Investment, Mr. Xie Yongyuan, and Mr. Jiang
           Bo are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Qingdao Xincheng for the purpose of the SFO.


     (8)   Zhuhai Shangshun is a limited partnership established in the PRC. The general partner of Zhuhai Shangshun is Tibet Jinkun, holding 0.0006% partnership
           interest in Zhuhai Shangshun. Tibet Jinkun is owned as to 34%, 33.30% and 32.70% by Mr. Niu Kuiguang (牛奎光), Mr. Li Jianguang (李建光) and Mr. Wang Jingbo
           (王靜波). Therefore, Tibet Jinkun and Mr. Niu Kuiguang are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Zhuhai Shangshun for the purpose of the SFO.



     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares of the
     Company which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     At no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements
     to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
     other body corporate.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Company has maintained liability insurance for the Directors, Supervisors and senior management to protect them from
     any legal liability to any third party arising from corporate activities. The permitted indemnity provision was in force during the
     year ended 31 December 2025 and remained in force as at the date of this annual report.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company were entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2025.




54   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares or that require the Company to enter into
any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Group, or existed during the
year ended 31 December 2025.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made charitable donations amounted to approximately RMB12 million.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
Revenue attributable to the Group’s five largest customers and the largest customer accounted for 18.22% and 6.40%,
respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025.


Purchases attributable to the Group’s five largest suppliers and the largest supplier accounted for 13.21% and 4.65%,
respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the year ended 31 December 2025.


None of the Directors or any of their close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any Shareholders (whom, to the best
knowledge and belief of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s total issued share capital) had any beneficial
interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers and customers for the year ended 31 December 2025.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The Group has entered into certain transactions in the ordinary and normal course of business with connected persons of the
Company, and the transactions disclosed in this section constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules upon Listing.


Procurement Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry

On 12 September 2025, the Company entered into the Procurement Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry,
pursuant to which the Group would procure automotive parts and components from Luxshare Precision Industry and its
associates from time to time. The initial term of the Procurement Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry
commenced on the Listing Date and will end on 31 December 2027. Luxshare Precision Industry is an associate of Ms. Wang
Laichun, a non-executive Director, and therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.


The maximum annual transaction amounts under the Procurement Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry
for each of the three years ending 31 December 2025, 2026 and 2027 shall not exceed RMB4,000 million, RMB6,000 million
and RMB8,000 million, respectively.


The actual transactions conducted under the Procurement Framework Agreement with Luxshare Precision Industry for the
year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB2,490 million.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     55
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


      Procurement Framework Agreement with Wuhu Investment Holding

      On 12 September 2025, the Company entered into the Procurement Framework Agreement with Wuhu Investment Holding,
      pursuant to which the Group would procure automotive parts and components from Wuhu Investment Holding and its
      associates from time to time. The initial term of the Procurement Framework Agreement with Wuhu Investment Holding
      commenced on the Listing Date and will end on 31 December 2027. Wuhu Investment Holding is a substantial shareholder of
      the Company and therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules.


      The maximum annual transaction amounts under the Procurement Framework Agreement with Wuhu Investment Holding for
      each of the three years ending 31 December 2025, 2026 and 2027 shall not exceed RMB4,676.00 million, RMB5,581.00 million
      and RMB6,438.00 million, respectively.


      The actual transactions conducted under the Procurement Framework Agreement with Wuhu Investment Holding for the year
      ended 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB2,378 million.


      Continuing connected transactions reviewed by independent non-executive Directors

      According to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing
      connected transactions and confirmed that they are:


      (1) entered into in the ordinary and usual business of the Group;


      (2) conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and


      (3) conducted in accordance with the respective terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders
          as a whole.


      Confirmation from the auditor



      Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor, Ernst & Young, was engaged by the Board to report on
      the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
      (Revised), “Assurance Engagements Other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference
      to Practice Note 740 (Revised), “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules”
      issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


      Based on the work performed, the auditor of the Company confirmed to the Board that nothing has come to the attention of
      the auditor that causes the auditor to believe that the above continuing connected transactions:


      (1) have not been approved by the Board;


     （2） were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group for transactions involving the
          provision of goods or services by the Group;


      (3) were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;
          and


      (4) have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.


56    Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions conducted by the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in
Note 42 to the consolidated financial statements. Save as disclosed above, the related party transactions set out in the note
as mentioned above do not fall within the definition of “connected transaction” or “continuing connected transaction” under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules in respect of the above continuing connected transactions.


MATERIAL LITIGATION
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group was not engaged in any material litigation or arbitration which could
have a material effect on its financial condition or results of operations. So far as the Directors are aware, no such litigation or
arbitration of material importance is pending or threatened against the Group.


AUDITORS
There has been no change in the auditor of the Company since the Listing Date. The consolidated financial statements for
the year ended 31 December 2025 have been audited by Ernst & Young, Certified Public Accountants, which will be subject to
nomination for reappointment at the 2025 AGM.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available and to the knowledge of the Directors, during the year ended 31 December
2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Company maintained sufficient public float in compliance with the Listing
Rules.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      57
     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     Customers

     The Group strives to satisfy customers’ needs through stringent quality control embedded across the full lifecycle of product
     development, manufacturing and after-sales services. It has implemented a comprehensive quality management system
     based on internationally recognised standards, to ensure its passenger vehicles maintain high product quality. The Group
     adopts a proactive approach to after-sales services by addressing product defects in a timely manner and following up on
     customer feedback to ensure issues are properly resolved, thereby supporting high levels of customer satisfaction.


     Suppliers

     The Group maintains a broad and stable supplier base and procures a wide variety of raw materials, including steel products,
     seats, tires, battery cells and electronic components, and also engages overseas contract manufacturers to assemble KD kits
     for sales in overseas markets. The Group places strong emphasis on building a localised and stable supply chain and adopts
     a careful supplier selection process, taking into account price, quality, production capacity, financial condition, delivery
     arrangements, business scale and reputation.


     Employees

     The Group values its employees as key contributors to its success. Staff are recruited based on relevant industry experience,
     educational background, and current organisational needs. Employees receive competitive salaries and allowances, and are
     provided with mandatory social insurance as required by PRC social insurance regulations. The Group supports professional
     development through training in technical skills, industry standards, occupational health and safety, and legal compliance.
     It also promotes diversity and equal treatment in recruitment, training, and employee development. Additionally, the Group
     supports work-life balance and fosters a positive environment with equal job opportunities for all. The Group maintains
     positive working relationships with its employees and has not experienced any major labour disputes, strikes, or disruptions
     in operations during the year ended 31 December 2025.


     EQUITY INCENTIVE SCHEME
     2024 Equity Incentive Scheme

     In order to incentivize and reward the key employees, senior management and Directors who have contributed to the success
     of the Group, the Group has operated share incentive arrangements. The 2024 Equity Incentive Scheme was adopted by
     the Company in March 2024, where two Management and Employee Stock Ownership Platforms were used as of the date
     of this report, namely Hengrui and Zhenrui, each of which held 184,292,800 Shares, representing approximately 3.17% of
     the share capital in issue of the Company as of the date of this report. Details are set out in Note 35 to the consolidated
     financial statements. As the 2024 Equity Incentive Scheme does not involve grant of any Shares after Listing, it is not subject
     to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The Company will adopt other employee incentive arrangements from time to time to
     motivate, incentivize and reward its key employees, senior management and Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules as
     and when appropriate.




58   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS


SOCIAL BENEFIT
The Group makes contributions to various social welfare schemes for its employees, including social insurance and housing
provident funds, in line with applicable laws and regulations. These contributions cover five categories of insurance: basic
pension insurance, basic medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance, and maternity
insurance.


The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese Mainland and overseas are required to participate in a
central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Group is required to contribute a certain percentage
of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statements of profit or loss as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


As at 31 December 2025, no forfeited contributions were available to reduce the existing level of contributions payable by the
Group.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Group is committed to fostering sustainable practices, promoting social responsibility, and maintaining strong governance
standards. The Group has established ESG policies that define risk governance for ESG matters. These include procedures
for forming ESG strategies, managing and monitoring ESG risks (including climate-related risks), identifying key performance
indicators, and measuring progress. The Group has a multi-level sustainable development governance structure from top to
bottom, consisting of the governance layer, management layer, executive supervision layer, and execution layer.


The Company will issue separately its ESG Report in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting
Code as set out in Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules. The report presents the Company’s commitment to sustainable
development and covers the significant environmental and social achievements and impacts arising from the activities of the
Group.


For and on behalf of the Board
Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
Yin Tongyue
Chairman of the Board


Hong Kong, 18 March 2026


*   For identification purposes only




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     59
     REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE


     In 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company strictly adhered to the provisions of the Company Law (  ), the
                                                                                                            《公司法》
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (
                                                                                         《香港聯合交易所有限公司證券上市
       ), and the Articles of Association (
     規則》                                      ). Upholding the principles of independence, objectivity, and prudence,
                                         《公司章程》
     the Supervisory Committee diligently fulfilled its supervisory duties. It focused its oversight efforts on the Company’s listing
     process, operational management, financial operations, internal control system development, as well as the performance
     of directors and senior management. By doing so, it effectively safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests of the
     Company and all shareholders and ensured the Company’s standardized operation and healthy development. The work of the
     Supervisory Committee for 2025 is hereby reported as follows:


     I.   OPERATIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN 2025
          In 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company continued to refine its supervisory functions in accordance with
          the law, standardizing all aspects of the Company’s production and operations. All work was carried out smoothly
          and effectively. The Supervisory Committee closely aligned with the Company’s strategic development direction and
          the requirements for the establishment of its oversight system, strengthened communication and coordination with
          the Board of Directors and the management, enhanced working liaison with the Company’s audit and compliance
          departments, improved the forms of daily supervision and inspection, and continuously refined the oversight system
          of the Supervisory Committee; gave full play to its role, closely cooperated with the Board of Directors in implementing
          relevant resolutions, and ensured the smooth execution of relevant decisions.


          In 2025, the Supervisory Committee of the Company convened five meetings as follows:


          Supervisory Committee
          Meeting Session                   Date                      Approved Agenda Items


          The 5th Meeting of the 5th        10 February 2025          Proposal regarding the Company’s Application for the
          Session of the Supervisory                                  Issue of H Shares and Listing on the Main Board of
          Committee                                                   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (
                                                                                                             《關於公司
                                                                      申請發行H股股票並於香港聯合交易所有限公司主板上市
                                                                         )
                                                                      的議案》
                                                                      Proposal regarding the Plan for the Company’s
                                                                      Application for the Issue of H Shares and Listing on
                                                                      the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                                                      Limited (
                                                                              《關於公司申請發行H股股票並於香港聯合交易
                                                                                    )
                                                                      所有限公司主板上市方案的議案》
                                                                      Proposal regarding the Conversion of the Company
                                                                      into a Joint Stock Company Limited with Overseas
                                                                      Listing (                  )
                                                                             《關於公司轉為境外募集股份有限公司的議案》
                                                                      Proposal regarding the Plan for the Use of Proceeds
                                                                      from the Overseas Public Offering of H Shares (
                                                                                                                   《關於
                                                                                           )
                                                                      公司境外公開發行H股募集資金使用計劃的議案》
                                                                      Proposal regarding the Application for Full Circulation
                                                                      of H Shares (           )
                                                                                 《關於申請H股全流通的議案》




60   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                      REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



Supervisory Committee
Meeting Session              Date            Approved Agenda Items


                                             Proposal regarding the Distribution Plan for
                                             Accumulated Undistributed Profits Prior to the
                                             Application for Issuance of H Shares and Listing on
                                             the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                             Limited (《關於申請發行H股股票並於香港聯合交易所有
                                             限公司主板上市前滾存未分配利潤分配方案的議案》                          )
                                             Proposal regarding the Confirmation of Engaging
                                             an Auditing Firm for the Issuance of H Shares and
                                             Application for Listing on the Main Board of The Stock
                                             Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (  《關於確認聘請發行H
                                             股股票並申請在香港聯合交易所有限公司主板掛牌上市
                                             審計機構的議案》         )
                                             Proposal regarding Purchasing Liability Insurance
                                             for the Company’s Directors, Supervisors, and Senior
                                             Management, as Well as Liability Insurance for the
                                             Prospectus ( 《關於給公司董事、監事、高級管理人員購
                                             買責任保險及招股說明書責任保險的議案》                     )
                                             Proposal regarding the Formulation of the Rules of
                                             Procedure for the Supervisory Committee of Chery
                                             Automobile Co., Ltd. (Draft) Applicable after the H
                                             Share Issuance ( 《關於制定H股發行後適用的<奇瑞汽車
                                             股份有限公司監事會議事規則(草案)>的議案》                     )
                                             Proposal regarding the Revision of the Current Rules
                                             of Procedure for the Supervisory Committee of Chery
                                             Automobile Co., Ltd. (《關於修訂現行<奇瑞汽車股份有限
                                             公司監事會議事規則>的議案》               )
The 6th Meeting of the 5th   1 April 2025    Proposal regarding External Investment and Related
Session of the Supervisory                   Transaction (
                                                         《關於對外投資暨關聯交易的議案》                  )
Committee
The 7th Meeting of the 5th   19 April 2025   Proposal regarding the Final Financial Report for 2024
Session of the Supervisory                   (
                                             《關於公司2024年度財務決算報告的議案》                   )
Committee                                    2024 Annual Internal Audit and Compliance Report of
                                             the Company (《公司2024年度內審與合規工作報告》                  )
                                             Proposal regarding the Profit Distribution Plan for
                                             2024 (
                                                  《關於公司2024年度利潤分配預案的議案》                    )
                                             Proposal regarding the Financial Budget Report for
                                             2025 (
                                                  《關於公司2025年度財務預算報告的議案》                    )
                                             Proposal on the 2024 Performance Results of the
                                             Company’s Senior Management and the 2025
                                             Company Performance Plan (    《關於公司2024年高管績
                                             效結果與2025年公司績效方案的議案》                 )
                                             Proposal regarding the Implementation of Daily
                                             Related Transactions for 2024 and the Estimate for
                                             Daily Related Transactions for 2025 (
                                                                                 《關於公司2024年
                                             度日常關聯交易執行情況及2025年度日常關聯交易預計
                                             的議案》   )

                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   61
     REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



         Supervisory Committee
         Meeting Session              Date                Approved Agenda Items


                                                          Proposal regarding the Company’s Application for
                                                          Credit Financing and Wealth Management Products
                                                          from Financial Institutions for 2025 (
                                                                                              《關於公司2025年
                                                                               )
                                                          度向金融機構辦理授信融資及財富類產品的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding the Provision of Guarantees for
                                                          Subsidiaries and Related Parties for 2025 (
                                                                                                   《關於公司
                                                          2025年度對子公司及關聯公司提供擔保的議案》
                                                                                )
                                                          Proposal regarding the Provision of Shareholder
                                                          Deposit Support to Chery HuiYin Motor Finance
                                                          Service Co., Ltd. (
                                                                           《關於向奇瑞徽銀汽車金融股份有限公
                                                                      )
                                                          司提供股東存款支持的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding the Authorization of the
                                                          Management to Conduct Foreign Exchange Derivative
                                                          Transactions (
                                                                       《關於授權公司經營層開展外匯衍生品交
                                                              )
                                                          易的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding the Authorization of the
                                                          Management to Conduct Bill Pool Business (
                                                                                                  《關於授權
                                                                         )
                                                          公司經營層開展票據池業務的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding the Proposed Reduction of
                                                          Shareholding in WLY (            )
                                                                             《關於擬減持萬里揚股票的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding the Adjustment of Allowances for
                                                          Independent Non-Executive Directors (
                                                                                             《關於調整獨立
                                                                    )
                                                          非執行董事津貼的議案》
                                                          Work Report of the Board of Directors of the Company
                                                          for 2024 (              )
                                                                  《公司2024年度董事會工作報告》
         The 8th Meeting of the 5th   30 September 2025   Proposal on the Unaudited Consolidated Financial
         Session of the Supervisory                       Statements of the Company for the six months ended
         Committee                                        30 June 2025 and the 2025 Interim Report of the
                                                          Company (
                                                                 《關於公司截至2025年6月30日止六個月未經
                                                                                 )
                                                          審核綜合財務報表及公司2025年中期報告的議案》
                                                          Proposal regarding Not Submitting a Plan for
                                                          Distribution of Any 2025 Interim Dividends to General
                                                          Meetings (
                                                                  《關於不向股東會提呈派發公司任何2025年中
                                                                  )
                                                          期股息方案的議案》
         The 9th Meeting of the 5th   31 October 2025     Proposal regarding the Company’s 2025 Q3 Report
         Session of the Supervisory                       (                    )
                                                          《關於公司<2025年第三季度報告>的議案》
         Committee




62   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                   REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE


II. SUPERVISORY OPINIONS ON RELEVANT MATTERS OF THE COMPANY FOR 2025
   In 2025, the Supervisory Committee supervised the Company’s various decision-making processes by attending Board
   meetings as non-voting attendees and participating in general meetings. It offered reasonable suggestions on significant
   matters discussed at such meetings and effectively oversaw the Company’s compliance with laws in its operations, as
   well as its financial position and connected transactions, giving full play to its crucial role.


   (I)    The Company’s Compliance with Laws in Its Operations

          The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that: The Board operated in a standardized manner throughout 2025,
          with all decision-making procedures being legal and valid, and diligently implemented the resolutions passed by
          the general meetings. The directors and senior management of the Company performed their duties diligently and
          responsibly, strictly adhering to their statutory authority and established procedures. They actively advanced the
          Company’s listing process and various operational and development tasks. There were no instances of duty-related
          violations or actions that prejudiced the interests of the Company or its shareholders.


   (II)   Financial Position of the Company

          In 2025, the Supervisory Committee continued to focus on the Company’s financial position. It is of the opinion that
          the Company has a sound financial system and standardized financial operations. The financial reports for 2025
          truly, accurately and objectively reflected the financial position and operating results of the Company. The audit
          opinion issued by Ernst & Young and its evaluation of relevant matters are objective and fair.


   (III) Connected Transactions

          The Supervisory Committee, through continuous supervision of the Company’s connected transactions, is of the
          opinion that the decision-making procedures for the connected transactions entered into by the Company are in
          compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company. Such transactions are
          priced on an arm’s length basis and at fair market value, and do not violate the principles of openness, fairness and
          impartiality. The deliberation and voting procedures are lawful and valid, and there are no circumstances impairing
          the interests of the Company and its shareholders.


   (IV) Implementation of Internal Control Systems

          The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that the Company’s internal control systems have been gradually
          improved, and the existing internal control systems follow national laws, regulations and listing compliance
          requirements.


III. OUTLOOK FOR 2026
   In 2026, the Supervisory Committee will continue to strengthen compliance supervision and strictly follow the
   requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the
   Articles of Association, supervise the Company’s core matters including information disclosure, connected transactions
   and financial operations to safeguard the Company’s compliant operations; strengthen the regular supervision over the
   performance of duties by directors and senior management, standardize their conduct in performing duties, and protect
   the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and all shareholders; enhance the professional capacity building of
   Supervisors, continuously study the Hong Kong Stock Exchange regulatory rules, and improve supervision capabilities to
   better perform its supervision duties.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     63
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




                                  Ernst & Young                ⭰㰟㛪姯⸒Ṳ⋀㈧                     Tel 曢婘: +852 2846 9888
                                  27/F, One Taikoo Place       榀㸖毩歁㵳勘䙮怺 979噆                Fax ₚ䜆: +852 2868 4432
                                  979 King’s Road
                                  Quarry Bay, Hong Kong        ⤑⏋✱ᷧ⺎27㧺                     ey.com

     To the shareholders of Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
     (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
     “Group”) set out on pages 69 to 168, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025,
     and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
     consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
     year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
     for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We
     have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
     obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




64   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Revenue recognition
In 2025, the Group recorded a total revenue of RMB300,287         Our audit procedures performed on revenue recognition of
million in the consolidated financial statements, of which        the Group included, among others:
the sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and
components contributed RMB294,077 million, representing           •   We understood, assessed and tested the effectiveness
an increase of RMB31,391 million or 12% as compared to the            of the design and operation of internal controls related
relevant sales of RMB262,686 million in 2024.                         to revenue recognition on sales of passenger vehicles,
                                                                      automobile parts and components revenue streams;
Revenue from sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts
and components, derived from diverse customer types and           •   On a sample basis, we reviewed the relevant terms of
revenue streams, is financially significant to the consolidated       sales contracts for the respective revenue streams,
financial statements and represents a key performance                 assessed the appropriateness of the accounting policy
indicator for management. Inappropriate revenue recognition           on revenue recognition;
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Therefore, revenue recognition has been identified as a key       •   On a sample basis, we tested sales transaction by
audit matter.                                                         checking the sales orders, receipt documents, export
                                                                      declarations, sale invoices, and other supporting
Details of revenue recognition are disclosed in Note 2.4              documents;
“MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES”, Note 3 “SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES”, and Note 5                  •   On a sample basis, we performed revenue cut-off testing
“REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS” to the consolidated                 for transactions recorded before and after the balance
financial statements.                                                 sheet date, evaluated whether relevant revenue was
                                                                      recognized in the appropriate accounting period;


                                                                  •   We conducted analytical review procedures to analyze
                                                                      the reasonableness of the fluctuation in revenues and
                                                                      gross profit margin;


                                                                  •   We performed post-period testing, including inquiries of
                                                                      management and review of post-period sales records, to
                                                                      identify whether there were any significant post-period
                                                                      sales returns;


                                                                  •   We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of
                                                                      the disclosures on revenue made in the consolidated
                                                                      financial statements.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     65
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     Warranty provisions
     As of 31 December 2025, the balance of warranty provisions       Our audit procedures performed on warranty provisions of
     for passenger vehicles sold in the consolidated statement        the Group included, among others:
     of financial position of the Group amounted to RMB10,739
     million.                                                         •   We understood, assessed and tested the effectiveness
                                                                          of the design and operation of the internal controls
     The Group estimated the expenditures expected to be                  related to warranty provisions;
     incurred in fulfilling the quality assurance obligations
     and recognise warranty expenses and the corresponding            •   We assessed the appropriateness of the warranty
     provisions. The accrual of warranty provisions is primarily          provision methodology adopted by the management,
     based on historical claim experience and actual repair costs,        with reference to the terms of the warranty manuals and
     estimating future claims expected to be made on vehicles             warranty services agreements;
     currently within their warranty period. The estimation of
     the warranty provisions involves multiple assumptions and        •   We compared volume of the respective vehicle models
     significant management judgments, and changes in these               used in warranty provisions calculation to the sales
     assumptions could have a material impact on the financial            records, and assessed the appropriateness of the
     statements. Therefore, the warranty provisions are identified        number of vehicles under warranty at the period-end
     as a key audit matter.                                               based on the warranty terms the Group provided;


     Details of the warranty provisions are disclosed in Note 3       •   On a sample basis, we performed sample test on
     “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES”,                   warranty expenditures incurred during the year;
     Note 6 “PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX”, and Note 33
     “PROVISION” to the consolidated financial statements.            •   We performed analytical procedures on historical
                                                                          actual claims, and evaluated the reasonableness of
                                                                          the assumptions and estimates made in the warranty
                                                                          provisions calculation;


                                                                      •   We tested the mathematical accuracy of calculations
                                                                          therein by re-performing the calculations;


                                                                      •   We assessed the adequacy and appropriateness of
                                                                          the disclosures on warranty provisions made in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements.


     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
     included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
     assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
     in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
     or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
     performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
     We have nothing to report in this regard.




66   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
    or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
    and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
    fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
    in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
    control.


•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
    disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     67
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
         evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
         on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
         to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
         disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
         date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
         concern.


     •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
         disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
         manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
         the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
         We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit.
         We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
     our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
     the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
     these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
     extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
     consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho, Siu Fung, Terence (practising
     certificate number: P04202).




     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants


     Hong Kong
     18 March 2026




68   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                  Notes         2025                 2024
                                                                          RMB million         RMB million

REVENUE                                                            5         300,287              269,897
Cost of sales                                                                (258,844)           (233,589)

Gross profit                                                                  41,443               36,308
Other income and gains                                             5          11,211                6,251
Selling and distribution expenses                                             (11,109)             (8,380)
Administrative expenses                                                        (6,137)             (5,999)
Research and development expenses                                             (11,444)             (9,243)
Impairment (losses)/gains on financial and contract assets, net                  (189)                258
Other expenses                                                                   (257)             (1,719)
Finance costs                                                      7           (2,096)             (2,310)
Share of profits and losses of:
  Joint ventures                                                                1,116                 851
  Associates                                                                     463                  595

PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                                  6          23,001               16,612
Income tax expense                                                 10          (3,494)             (2,278)

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                           19,507               14,334

Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                        19,019               14,135
  Non-controlling interests                                                      488                  199

                                                                              19,507               14,334

EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
  HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                            12
Basic (RMB)
– For profit for the year                                                        3.43                2.58

Diluted (RMB)
– For profit for the year                                                        3.43                2.58




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   69
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                2025           2024
                                                                                          RMB million    RMB million

     PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                      19,507         14,334

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
       in subsequent periods:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                 (1,050)          131
     Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                         (17)           (12)

     Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
       in subsequent periods                                                                   (1,067)          119

     Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
       in subsequent periods:
     Changes in fair value of equity investments designated at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                                        (7)           52

     Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
       in subsequent periods                                                                       (7)           52

     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                       (1,074)          171

     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                  18,433         14,505

     Attributable to:
       Owners of the parent                                                                   17,945         14,306
       Non-controlling interests                                                                 488            199

                                                                                              18,433         14,505




70   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                            31 December 2025




                                                                    Notes         2025                2024
                                                                            RMB million        RMB million

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                                        13         30,090              23,443
Right-of-use assets                                                 14(a)         5,394              3,350
Other intangible assets                                              15           4,878              2,057
Investments in joint ventures                                        16         11,487               9,793
Investments in associates                                            17           6,357              6,364
Equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                               18            296                 313
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      19           1,355                839
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                20            310                  61
Derivative financial instruments                                     28            508                   –
Trade receivables                                                    22           1,371                  –
Deferred tax assets                                                  31           6,689              5,131
Time deposits                                                       25(c)            –                 244

Total non-current assets                                                        68,735              51,595

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                          21         36,752              36,324
Trade receivables                                                    22         32,511              17,423
Bills receivables                                                    23            251                 774
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      19         14,009              10,505
Prepaid income tax                                                                 747                 162
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                20         32,219              19,579
Derivative financial instruments                                     28             51                   –
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    24           2,327              7,547
Time deposits                                                       25(c)       12,040               7,319
Restricted bank deposits                                            25(b)       12,750                  75
Cash and cash equivalents                                           25(a)       46,955              62,693

Total current assets                                                           190,612             162,401

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                             26        110,213             101,496
Other payables and accruals                                          27         31,090              22,437
Derivative financial instruments                                     28             23                   –
Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                     29         11,991              20,068
Lease liabilities                                                   14(b)          606                 366
Tax payable                                                                       3,445              3,120
Contract liabilities                                                 30         19,788              15,319
Provision                                                            33           3,549              2,816
Deferred income                                                      32            239                 180

Total current liabilities                                                      180,944             165,802

NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                                  9,668             (3,401)

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                           78,403              48,194



                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   71
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     31 December 2025




                                                                   Notes         2025          2024
                                                                           RMB million   RMB million

     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Other payables and accruals                                    27           4,885        4,854
     Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings               29           3,933        3,098
     Lease liabilities                                             14(b)         3,529        1,953
     Deferred tax liabilities                                       31            489           231
     Deferred income                                                32           7,341        5,283
     Provision                                                      33           7,428        6,851

     Total non-current liabilities                                             27,605        22,270

     Net assets                                                                50,798        25,924

     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Share capital                                                  34           5,809        5,470
     Reserves                                                       36         44,948        21,018

                                                                               50,757        26,488
     Non-controlling interests                                                     41           (564)

     Total equity                                                              50,798        25,924




     Yin Tongyue                                        Zhang Guozhong

     Director                                           Director




72   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                       Other                          Capital      Exchange                    Accumulated                           Non-
                                                      Share    comprehensive      Share-based      and other      fluctuation       Surplus       retained                      controlling         Total
                                                     capital        income*     compensation*      reserves*        reserve*       reserves*       profits*          Total       interests         equity
                                                 RMB million     RMB million      RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million   RMB million     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million
                                                   (note 34)                                        (note 36)                      (note 36)

At 1 January 2025                                      5,470             (21)           2,016         11,967             (283)         2,592         4,747         26,488             (564)       25,924
Profit for the year                                       –               –                –               –                –             –         19,019         19,019              488        19,507
Other comprehensive income for the year:
Change in fair value of equity investments at
  fair value through other comprehensive
  income, net of tax                                      –               (7)              –               –                –             –              –              (7)              –             (7)
Share of other comprehensive income of joint
  ventures and associates                                 –              (17)              –               –                –             –              –             (17)              –            (17)
Exchange differences on translation of foreign
  operations                                              –               –                –               –           (1,050)            –              –          (1,050)              –         (1,050)

Total comprehensive income for the year                   –              (24)              –               –           (1,050)            –         19,019         17,945              488        18,433
Issuance of shares upon the initial public
  offering (the “IPO”) and the exercise of
  the over-allotment option                             339               –                –           9,016                –             –              –          9,355                –         9,355
Disposal of interests in subsidiaries without
  losing control                                          –               –                –             285                –             –              –            285             (275)           10
Acquisition of subsidiaries                               –               –                –               –                –             –              –              –              297           297
Disposal of subsidiaries                                  –               –                –               –                –             –              –              –             (111)          (111)
Share-based compensation                                  –               –              527               –                –             –              –            527                –           527
Share of other reserves of joint ventures and
  associates                                              –               –                –              26                –             –              –             26                –            26
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                            –               –                –              24                –             –              –             24              163           187
Transfer to safety production reserve                     –               –                –              66                –             –            (66)             –                –             –
Contribution from the shareholders                        –               –                –             100                –             –              –            100               43           143
Transfer from retained profits                            –               –                –               –                –           312           (312)             –                –             –
Dividend declared                                         –               –                –               –                –             –         (3,993)         (3,993)              –         (3,993)

At 31 December 2025                                    5,809             (45)           2,543         21,484           (1,333)         2,904        19,395         50,757               41        50,798




                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025              73
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                       Other                             Capital       Exchange                        Accumulated                           Non-
                                                                     Share     comprehensive      Share-based         and other       fluctuation          Surplus    (loss)/retained                   controlling
                                                                    capital         income*     compensation*         reserves*         reserve*         reserves*           profits*         Total      interests    Total equity
                                                                RMB million      RMB million      RMB million       RMB million      RMB million       RMB million      RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                                                                   (note 34)                                           (note 36)                          (note 36)

     At 1 January 2024                                                5,470              (31)              –             17,225             (414)              519            (7,318)       15,451            (870)        14,581
     Profit for the year                                                  –               –                –                   –               –                 –            14,135        14,135             199         14,334
     Other comprehensive income for the year:
     Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value
         through other comprehensive income, net of tax                   –              52                –                   –               –                 –                 –            52               –             52
     Share of other comprehensive income of joint
         ventures and associates                                          –              (12)              –                   –               –                 –                 –            (12)             –            (12)
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign
         operations                                                       –               –                –                   –             131                 –                 –           131               –            131

     Total comprehensive income for the year                              –              40                –                   –             131                 –            14,135        14,306             199         14,505
     Transfer of other reserves upon the disposal of
         equity investments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                             –              (30)              –                   –               –                 –                30              –              –              –
     Business combination under common control                            –               –                –              (7,320)              –                 –                 –         (7,320)             –         (7,320)
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                          –               –                –                   –               –                 –                 –              –            439            439
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests                             –               –                –                 (40)              –                 –                 –            (40)           (77)          (117)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                                             –               –                –                (153)              –                 –                 –           (153)          (132)          (285)
     Share-based compensation                                             –               –             2,016                  –               –                 –                 –         2,016               –          2,016
     Share of other reserves of joint ventures and
         associates                                                       –               –                –                183                –                 –                 –           183               –            183
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
         shareholders                                                     –               –                –                  15               –                 –                 –            15              25             40
     Transfer to safety production reserve                                –               –                –                  27               –                 –               (27)             –              –              –
     Contribution from the shareholders                                   –               –                –               2,012               –                 –                 –         2,012            (105)         1,907
     Transfer from retained profits                                       –               –                –                   –               –             2,073            (2,073)             –              –              –
     Others                                                               –               –                –                  18               –                 –                 –            18             (43)           (25)

     At 31 December 2024                                              5,470              (21)           2,016            11,967             (283)            2,592             4,747        26,488            (564)        25,924


     *                These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of RMB44,948 million (2024: RMB21,018 million) in the consolidated statement of financial
                      position.




74   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                              Notes         2025                 2024
                                                                                      RMB million         RMB million

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                         23,001               16,612
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                7            2,096               2,310
  Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                             (1,579)             (1,446)
  Depreciation and amortisation of non-current assets                          6            4,422               3,849
  Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                   5              (57)                (59)
  Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments                         5              (28)                (52)
  Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    5             (290)                (69)
  Provision for impairment of assets                                           6             386                1,193
  Other income from investing activities                                                     (846)             (1,100)
  Assets-related government grants released                                                  (242)               (163)
  Share-based compensation                                                                   527                2,016
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                               314                  193

                                                                                          27,704               23,284
(Increase)/decrease in restricted bank deposits                                           (10,996)                512
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                          1,194              (7,519)
Increase in trade receivables                                                             (17,555)             (2,740)
Decrease in bills receivables                                                                462               10,081
Decrease in contract assets                                                                    –                  479
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                (3,024)             (1,697)
Decrease/(increase) in financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                                5,200              (3,109)
Increase in capitalised development expenditures                                               –               (1,301)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                                        8,564              23,490
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                     6,114                 313
Increase in deferred income                                                                 2,169               3,727
Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                                 4,310              (3,295)
Increase in provision                                                                       1,018               3,952

Cash generated from operations                                                            25,160               46,177
Income tax paid                                                                            (5,030)             (1,290)

Net cash flows from operating activities                                                  20,130               44,887




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   75
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                   Note         2025           2024
                                                                                          RMB million    RMB million

     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                      (11,061)        (7,305)
     Purchases of other intangible assets                                                      (3,593)          (319)
     Receipt of government grants for non-current assets                                         592            623
     Additions to right-of-use assets                                                            (218)           (57)
     Repayments of related parties                                                                 –         13,716
     Placement of time deposits                                                               (46,792)       (34,866)
     Maturity of time deposits                                                                42,315         32,301
     Recovery of debt investments                                                                  –            380
     Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, net                  (11,659)        (7,120)
     Proceeds on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                              310            305
     Proceeds on disposal of other intangible assets                                               –               2
     Proceeds on disposal of equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                                  –             68
     Settlement on derivative financial instruments                                              108            (270)
     Investments in joint ventures and associates                                              (1,232)          (493)
     Proceeds on disposal of investments in joint ventures and associates                        301             33
     Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                    140            179
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                 352            (800)
     Interest received                                                                           241            233
     Dividends received                                                                          148            213

     Net cash flows used in investing activities                                              (30,048)        (3,177)

     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Proceeds from issuance of shares upon the IPO and
       the exercise of the over-allotment option                                                9,540              –
     Payments of listing expenses                                                                (185)             –
     Proceeds from interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                           20,625         34,024
     Repayments of interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                           (29,785)       (47,990)
     Interest paid for interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                        (1,814)        (1,900)
     Disposal of interests in subsidiaries without losing control                                 10               –
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                      –            (117)
     Lease payments                                                                              (512)          (199)
     Proceeds from long-term payables                                                            771          1,623
     Repayments of long-term payables                                                            (726)          (552)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                                      130             40
     Dividends paid                                                                            (3,993)             –
     Contribution from shareholders                                                                –          1,288

     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                               (5,939)       (13,783)




76   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                             Notes         2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB million         RMB million

NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     (15,857)             27,927
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                           62,693               35,048
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                119                 (282)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                                 46,955               62,693

ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                                   71,745               70,331
Less: Time deposits                                                          25(c)       (12,040)             (7,563)
Less: Restricted bank deposits                                               25(b)       (12,750)                (75)

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of financial position
  and statement of cash flows                                                            46,955               62,693




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   77
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
            Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. (hereinafter the “Company”) was incorporated and registered in the People’s Republic of
            China (hereinafter referred to as “PRC”) as a limited liability company in 1997. On March 24, 2008, the Company was
            converted into a joint stock limited company. The registered office of the Company is located at No. 8, Changchun
            Road, Wuhu City, Anhui.


            During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) were principally engaged in the
            manufacturing and sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components.


            In the opinion of the directors, before the equity transfer mentioned thereafter, the holding company and the ultimate
            holding company of the Company is Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. (the “Chery Holding”), which is incorporated in PRC.
            In January 2025, an equity transfer was carried out by Chery Holding. Under which, the shares of the Company directly
            held by Chery Holding were transferred to the shareholders of Chery Holding on a pro rata basis. Upon completion of
            the equity transfer on January 20, 2025, Chery Holding no longer holds any shares in the Company, and the Company
            has neither holding company nor ultimate holding company.


            The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
            “Stock Exchange”) effective from 25 September 2025.


            Information about subsidiaries

            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:


                                           Place and date
                                           of incorporation/      Issued ordinary/    Percentage of equity
                                           registration and       registered share     attributable to the
            Name                           place of business                capital        Company           Principal activities
                                                                                       Direct     Indirect

            Anhui Chery Automobile         Chinese mainland      RMB3,000 million          100           –   Sales of passenger
              Sales Co., Ltd.*（安徽奇瑞汽 14 August 2000                                                            vehicles
              車銷售有限公司）
            JSC Chery Automobile RUS       Russia                    Russian Ruble         100           –   Sales of passenger
                                           5 December 2005        (“RUB”)12 million                            vehicles


            Chery New Energy               Chinese mainland      RMB1,034 million        48.20           –   Manufacturing
              Automobile Co., Ltd.*        22 April 2010                                                       and sales of
              (奇瑞新能源汽車股份有限公                                                                                    passenger vehicles
              司)
            Wuhu Acteco Powertrain Co.,    Chinese mainland      RMB2,000 million          100           –   Manufacturing
              Ltd.*（蕪湖埃科泰克動力總              29 September 2005                                                   and sales of
              成有限公司）                                                                                           automotive parts
                                                                                                               and components
            Wuhu Chery Technology Co.,     Chinese mainland      RMB1,893 million          100           –   Manufacturing
              Ltd.* (蕪湖奇瑞科技有限公             21 November 2001                                                    and sales of
              司)                                                                                               automotive parts
                                                                                                               and components
            Wuhu Jetour Automobile         Chinese mainland      RMB2,000 million          100           –   Sales of passenger
              Sales Co., Ltd.*（蕪湖捷途        28 April 2017                                                       vehicles
              汽車銷售有限公司）




78   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2025




1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (continued)
      Information about subsidiaries (continued)

      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)


                                           Place and date
                                           of incorporation/            Issued ordinary/       Percentage of equity
                                           registration and            registered share          attributable to the
      Name                                 place of business                        capital            Company               Principal activities
                                                                                                  Direct       Indirect

      Soueast Motor Corporation            Chinese mainland           RMB2,784 million                   –            70     Manufacturing and
          Ltd.*（東南(福建)汽車工業                 21 May 1992                                                                          sales of passenger
          股份有限公司）                                                                                                               vehicles
      iCAR Ecological Technology           Chinese mainland           RMB1,000 million                   –        48.20      Sales of passenger
          Co., Ltd.* (愛咖生態科技有              18 November 2015                                                                     vehicles
          限公司)


      *       The English names of the PRC companies above represent management’s best efforts in translating the Chinese names of these companies as no
              English names have been registered.



      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
      the results during the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
      subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards (which include
      all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) as
      issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial
      assets at fair value through profit or loss, equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
      income, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and derivative financial instruments which
      have been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are
      rounded to the nearest million (RMB million) except when otherwise indicated.


      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
      (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including a
      structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed,
      or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns
      through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant
      activities of the investee).




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025          79
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.1    BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)
            Basis of consolidation (continued)

            Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has less than
            a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in
            assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


            (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


            (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


            (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


            The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
            consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains
            control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the
            Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
            All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
            members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
            changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a
            subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


            If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities, any
            non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any investment
            retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognised
            in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as
            would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


     2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
            The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for the current year’s
            financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or amendment that has been issued but is
            not yet effective.


            Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
            currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The
            amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of
            a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies
            of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were
            exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




80   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          31 December 2025




2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
      The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
      but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and amended HKFRS
      Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.


      HKFRS 18                                                            Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
      HKFRS 19 and its amendments                                         Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                                              Instruments1
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                                   Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                              Associate or Joint Venture3
      Amendments to HKAS 21                                               Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                              Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10
          Standards – Volume 11                                               and HKAS 71

      1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
      2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
      3
              No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption



      Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
      described below.


      HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections have been brought
      forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
      statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income
      and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing,
      income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
      about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on the
      grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial statements
      and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes
      in Accounting Estimates and Errors, which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a
      consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement
      of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor
      consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to
      other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier
      application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements
      and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   81
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
            HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the recognition,
            measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the
            reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, cannot
            have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated financial
            statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards or IFRS Accounting Standards.
            HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the
            standard. The standard was further amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19;
            (ii) reduce the disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of financial
            liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined performance measures with a
            cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures. Earlier application is permitted. As the Company
            is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of the Company’s
            subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified financial statements.


            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
            clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an accounting policy
            option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement
            date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics
            of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the
            amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually
            linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. The
            amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or other component of
            equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without
            the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same time or only the amendments
            related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
            impact on the Group’s financial statements.


            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application
            of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item
            in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures
            that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial
            performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
            retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight.
            The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships
            designated on or after the date of the initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9
            and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
            the Group’s financial statements.




82   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2025




2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
      HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. The
      amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or
      contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business,
      a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
      unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The
      previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA. However,
      the amendments are available for adoption now.


      Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the translation from a
      non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary presentation currency at the closing rate. The
      amendments also require an entity whose functional currency and presentation currency are the currency of a
      hyperinflationary economy to restate the comparative amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency is
      that of a non-hyperinflationary economy, by applying the general price index, in accordance with paragraph 34 of
      HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies, to the foreign operation’s comparative figures. The
      amendments introduce certain additional disclosures. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
      expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and
      the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the amendments
      that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:


      •      HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph B38
             of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 for the purpose of
             simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and
             terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing
             HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor
             does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to
             have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


      •      HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease
             liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of
             HKFRS 9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. However, the amendments do not address
             how a lessee distinguishes between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an extinguishment of
             a lease liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated certain wording in
             paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier application
             is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
             statements.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     83
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (continued)
            •       HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship described
                    in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
                    investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with
                    the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
                    expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


            •       HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in paragraph
                    37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is permitted. The
                    amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.


     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            Investments in associates and joint ventures

            An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of the equity
            voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
            financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.


            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have
            rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
            arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the
            parties sharing control.


            The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
            position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses.


            The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures is
            included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively.
            In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group
            recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealised
            gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated
            to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide
            evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint
            ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.


            Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and
            recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate
            or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and
            proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.




84   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Business combination under common control

      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining businesses in
      which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the date when the combining
      businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.


      The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the controlling
      party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase gain at the time of common
      control combination.


      The consolidated income statement includes the results of each of the combining businesses from the earliest date
      presented or since the date when the combining businesses first came under the common control, where this is a
      shorter period.


      Business combinations other than under common control and goodwill

      Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at
      the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
      liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group
      in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the
      non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net
      assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are
      expensed as incurred.


      The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes an input
      and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.


      When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
      classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
      conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the
      acquiree.


      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.
      Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
      recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent
      settlement is accounted for within equity.


      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the amount
      recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interests in the
      acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items
      is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognised in profit or
      loss as a gain on bargain purchase.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    85
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Business combinations other than under common control and goodwill (continued)

            After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is tested
            for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
            may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31 December. For the purpose of
            impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
            Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of
            the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups
            of units.


            Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating
            units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of
            cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss
            recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


            Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of the
            operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in
            the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in
            these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
            cash-generating unit retained.


            Fair value measurement

            The Group measures its certain of bills, wealth management products, derivative financial instruments and equity
            investments at fair value at the end of each reporting periods. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an
            asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
            The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
            takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
            advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by
            the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
            use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
            economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
            would use the asset in its highest and best use.


            The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
            are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
            unobservable inputs.




86   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Fair value measurement (continued)

      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
      within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement as a whole:


      Level 1 – based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
      Level 2 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
      Level 3 – based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                measurement is unobservable


      For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines
      whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation (based on the lowest
      level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.


      Impairment of non-financial assets

      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other than
      inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated.
      An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value
      less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows
      that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is
      determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


      An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing
      value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
      reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment
      loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent
      with the function of the impaired asset.


      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
      recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable
      amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there
      has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
      higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no
      impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the
      statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      87
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Related parties

            A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:


                    (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                    (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                    (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


            or


            (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                    (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                    (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                             subsidiary of the other entity);


                    (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                    (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                    (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                             entity related to the Group;


                    (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                    (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                             management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                    (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services
                             to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




88   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

      Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
      and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and
      any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.


      Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
      maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
      where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the carrying
      amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required to be
      replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates
      them accordingly.


      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment
      to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:


      Category                                                                                           Principal annual rate

      Buildings                                                                                                 2.71%-12.50%
      Machinery and molds                                                                                       6.33%-25.00%
      Electronic equipments and others                                                                          9.50%-25.00%
      Vehicles                                                                                                  9.50%-33.33%
      Leasehold improvements                                                                                    6.67%-33.33%
      Freehold lands                                                                                                           0%


      Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
      on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the
      depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.


      An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
      disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or
      retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference between
      the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


      Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified to the
      appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      89
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

            Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
            acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible assets are
            assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over the useful
            economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
            The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at
            least at each financial year end.


            Software

            Purchased software and others is stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line
            basis over their estimated useful lives of 2 to 10 years.


            Patents

            Patents are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line basis over their
            estimated useful lives of 3 to 5 years.


            Research and Development costs

            All research costs are charged to the statement of profit or loss as incurred.


            Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group can
            demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its
            intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits,
            the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the
            development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is expensed when incurred.


            Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the straight-line
            basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products commencing from the date when the products are put into
            commercial production.


            Leases

            The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a
            lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
            consideration.




90   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Leases (continued)

      Group as a lessee

      The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and
      leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
      representing the right to use the underlying assets.


      (a)    Right-of-use assets
             Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the underlying
             asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated depreciation and any
             impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets
             includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at
             or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on
             a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:


             Leasehold land                                  50 years
             Buildings                                       2 to 20 years
             Machinery                                       2 to 10 years
             Vehicles and others                             2 to 5 years


             If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the
             exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.


      (b)    Lease liabilities
             Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments
             to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed
             payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and
             amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise
             price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for
             termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate the lease. The
             variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in
             which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.


             In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
             lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
             the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and
             reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if
             there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease
             payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the
             underlying asset.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      91
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Leases (continued)

            Group as a lessee (continued)

            (c)     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                    The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of buildings and
                    machinery (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and
                    do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to
                    leases of machinery, vehicles and others that are considered to be of low value.


                    Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on a
                    straight-line basis over the lease term.


            Investments and other financial assets

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value through
            other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
            characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables that
            do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not
            adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair
            value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables
            that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are
            measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue
            recognition” below.


            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
            comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on
            the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at
            fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to
            generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash
            flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortised cost are held within
            a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial
            assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model
            with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held
            within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


            Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
            regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group commits
            to purchase or sell the asset.




92   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Investments and other financial assets (continued)

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are subject
      to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
      modified or impaired.


      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange revaluation
      and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed in the same
      manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognised in other
      comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in other comprehensive
      income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.


      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
      HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an
      instrument-by-instrument basis.


      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
      recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, except
      when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case,
      such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
      comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.


      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value with
      net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected to
      classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are also recognised as
      other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      93
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Investments and other financial assets (continued)

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the host
            and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to the
            host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative;
            and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at
            fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment occurs if there is a
            change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows.


            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for separately. The
            financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its entirety as a financial
            asset at fair value through profit or loss.


            Derecognition of financial assets

            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
            primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


            •        the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


            •        the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay
                     the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through” arrangement;
                     and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group
                     has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred
                     control of the asset.


            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through
            arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When
            it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of
            the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement.
            In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are
            measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.


            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the
            original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to
            repay.




94   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair value
      through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with
      the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original
      effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
      enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.


      General approach

      ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit
      risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible
      within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant
      increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the
      remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
      significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
      occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
      instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available
      without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers that there has
      been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.


      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain
      cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates
      that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit
      enhancements held by the Group.


      The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses and the impairment methodology applied
      depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


      A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.


      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are subject
      to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of
      ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


      Stage 1 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition and for
                which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
      Stage 2 – Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are
                not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                lifetime ECLs
      Stage 3 – Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or originated
                credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      95
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Impairment of financial assets (continued)

            Simplified approach

            For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
            applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
            simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in credit
            risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established
            a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to
            the debtors and the economic environment.


            For trade receivables that contain a significant financing component, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to
            adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.


            Financial liabilities

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, loans
            and borrowings, payables.


            All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and payables, net
            of directly attributable transaction costs.


            The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, derivative financial
            instruments, and interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings.


            Subsequent measurement

            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
            liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.


            Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the near
            term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not designated
            as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also
            classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities
            held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the
            statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.


            Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
            initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities designated
            at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses
            arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent
            reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit
            or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.



96   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Financial liabilities (continued)

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, interest-bearing bank
      loans and bonds payables)

      After initial recognition, trade and bills payables, other payables and accruals, interest-bearing bank loans and
      bonds payables are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the
      effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised
      in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate
      amortisation process.


      Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are
      an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in the
      statement of profit or loss.



      Financial guarantee contracts

      Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made to
      reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due in accordance
      with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as a liability at its fair value,
      adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the guarantee. Subsequent to initial
      recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined
      in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of financial assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised
      less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised.


      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expires.


      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the
      terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition
      of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts
      is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


      Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
      position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
      settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      97
     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2025




     2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
            Derivative financial instruments

            Initial recognition and subsequent measurement

            The Group uses derivative financial instruments, such as forward currency contracts and interest rate swaps, to
            hedge its foreign currency risk and interest rate risk, respectively. Such derivative financial instruments are initially
            recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured
            at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is
            negative.


            Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value of derivatives are taken directly to the statement of profit or
            loss.


            Inventories

            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.


            Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition comprises direct materials, direct
            labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads and are accounted for as follows:


            Raw materials                                      Purchase cost on the weighted average basis
            Finished goods and work in progress                Cost of direct materials, labors and an appropriate proportion of
                                                               manufacturing overheads based on the normal operating capacity
                                                               but excluding borrowing costs


            Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and
            disposal.


            Cash and cash equivalents

            Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and short-term
            highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible into known amounts
            of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash
            commitments.


            For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
            at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an
            integral part of the Group’s cash management.




98   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Provisions

      A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it
      is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate
      can be made of the amount of the obligation.


      When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a separate
      asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is presented in the
      statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


      The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components.
      Provisions for these assurance-type warranties granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume
      and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The estimation is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is revised
      when appropriate.


      Income tax

      Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is
      recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


      Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation
      authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each
      reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group
      operates.


      Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of each reporting period
      between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.


      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


      •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
             transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
             accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
             differences; and


      •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
             ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that
             the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025      99
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
             Income tax (continued)

             Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax
             credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable
             profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax
             credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


             •       when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition
                     of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction,
                     affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and
                     deductible temporary differences; and


             •       in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                     joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                     differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                     temporary differences can be utilised.


             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent
             that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset
             to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised
             to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
             deferred tax asset to be recovered.


             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the
             asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
             enacted by the end of each reporting period.


             Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right to
             set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to
             income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which
             intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
             simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to
             be settled or recovered.


             Government grants

             Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
             received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised
             as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.


             Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the
             statement of profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal annual instalments.




100   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Revenue recognition

      Revenue from contracts with customers

      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
      customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for
      those goods or services.


      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
      which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The variable
      consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue
      reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the
      variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing
      the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of
      the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction
      between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component which
      provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue recognised under the contract
      includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract
      where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year
      or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical
      expedient in HKFRS 15.


      (a)    Sale of goods
             The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components. Sales
             revenue are recognised when control of the goods has been transferred to the customers, and there is no
             unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the goods.


             The Group provides sales rebate and discounts to certain customers for sales of passenger vehicles,
             automotive parts and components, and the relevant revenue is recognized based on contract consideration
             net of the estimated sales rebate and discount amount.


             Passenger vehicles are often sold with volume rebates. To estimate the variable consideration for the expected
             future rebates, the most likely amount method is used for contracts with a single-volume threshold and
             the expected value method for contracts with more than one volume threshold. The selected method that
             best predicts the amount of variable consideration is primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds
             contained in the contract. The requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied
             and a refund liability for the expected future rebates is recognised.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025      101
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
             Revenue recognition (continued)

             Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

             (b)     Rendering of services
                     The services rendered include automobile repair and maintenance services, extended warranty services,
                     technology development services, etc. Should one of the following conditions is satisfied, service provided
                     by the Group, is a performance obligation performed within a certain period of time. The Group recognizes
                     revenue within a period of time in accordance with the progress of contract performance. The conditions
                     are: (1) The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the contract at the same
                     time performing the contract; (2) The customer is able to control the products under construction during the
                     Group’s performance; (3) The products of the Group have irreplaceable uses, and the Group has the right to
                     ask for payment for the cumulative part that has been completed so far during the entire contract period.
                     Otherwise, the Group recognises revenue at the point the customer obtains control of the relevant services.


             Other income

             Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly
             discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a shorter period,
             when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


             Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is probable
             that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be
             measured reliably.


             Contract assets

             If the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the
             consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional.
             Contract assets are subject to impairment assessment, details of which are included in the accounting policies for
             impairment of financial assets. They are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
             unconditional.


             Contract liabilities

             A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
             customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when
             the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to the customer).




102   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




2.4   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
      Share-based payments

      The Company operates several equity-settled, share-based compensation plans (the “Plan”). Employees (including
      directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render
      services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions
      with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is
      determined by an external valuer using a black-scholes model, further details of which are given in note 35 to the
      financial statements.


      The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a corresponding
      increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative
      expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects
      the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments
      that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement
      in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of that period.


      Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair
      value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of
      the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the
      grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are
      considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to
      an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.


      For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not been met,
      no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as
      vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance
      and/or service conditions are satisfied.


      Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the terms
      had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised for any
      modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the
      employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had
      vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately.


      Other employee benefits

      Pension scheme

      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese mainland and overseas are required to participate
      in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. The Group is required to contribute a certain
      percentage of their payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statements of
      profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     103
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      2.4    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
             Borrowing costs

             Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e., assets
             that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of
             the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for
             their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing
             costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.


             Dividends

             Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
             Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends are simultaneously
             proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the
             authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when
             they are proposed and declared.


             Foreign currencies

             These financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional currency. Each entity in the
             Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
             measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are
             initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary
             assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange
             ruling at the end of each reporting periods. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are
             recognised in the statement of profit or loss.


             Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
             exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
             currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss
             arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the
             gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
             recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income or profit
             or loss, respectively).


             The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies other than
             RMB, mainly including RUB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are
             translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of
             profit or loss are translated into RMB at the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the
             transactions.


             The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the exchange
             fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal
             of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised
             in the statement of profit or loss.


             Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts
             of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and
             translated at the closing rate.




104   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2025




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying
     disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could
     result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities
     affected in the future.


     Judgements

     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart
     from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial
     statements:


     Business model

     The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the business model the Group adopts to manage
     financial assets. In judging the business model, the Group considers, among others, the methods by which it assesses
     and the way by which it reports to the key managers about the results of financial assets, the risks confronted by
     the results of financial assets and relevant risks management methods, and the way determining the compensation
     of business operators. When determining whether the business model maintained for the purpose of receiving
     contractual cash flows, the Group needs to analyse the reasons for selling financial assets before expiry dates, the
     time, frequency and consideration of the selling.


     Consolidation of entities in which the Group holds less than a majority of voting rights

     The Group considers that it controls Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries including iCAR
     Ecological Technology Co., Ltd., even though it owns less than 50% of the voting rights. This is because the Group is
     the single largest shareholder of Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. with a 48.2% equity interest. The remaining
     51.8% of the equity shares in Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. are widely held by many other shareholders, and
     those other shareholders significantly overlap with shareholders of the Company. Besides, the Group is entitled to
     appoint more than 50% of directors of the board of Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. Having taken into account
     the significantly overlapped shareholders base of the Company and Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., the Group
     considers that it controls Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries.


     Significant influence over associates in which the Group holds less than 20% of shareholding

     The Group’s equity shares of some associates are less than 20%. Considering the Group is entitled to appoint and has
     appointed directors to the board of directors of those associates, and has participated in policy-making processes of
     those associates, the Group concludes that it has a significant influence over those associates and considers them as
     associates.


     Government grants

     Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
     received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. The Group applies judgement in evaluating whether or
     not all attaching conditions will be complied with, taking into account of all relevant factors, and the information
     available.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     105
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
             Estimation uncertainty

             The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of each
             reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
             liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


             Provision for expected credit losses

             The Group calculates expected credit losses through default risk exposure and expected credit loss rate. In
             determining the expected credit loss rate, the Group uses data such as internal historical credit loss experience,
             etc. and adjusts historical data based on current conditions and forward-looking information. When considering
             forward-looking information, the indicators used by the Group include the risk of economic downturn, external market
             environment, technological environment and changes in customer situations. The Group regularly monitors and
             reviews assumptions related to the calculation of expected credit losses.


             Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

             The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including the
             right-of-use assets) at the end of the reporting period. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are
             indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
             or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal
             and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding
             sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs
             for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected
             future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
             present value of those cash flows.


             Leases – Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

             The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
             borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to
             borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to
             the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the Group “would have to
             pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into
             financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group
             estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make
             certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).


             Deferred tax assets

             Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it
             is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the losses and the deductible temporary differences
             can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that
             can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning
             strategies. Further details are contained in note 31 to the financial statements.




106   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (continued)
     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Development costs

     Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development costs
     in note 2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires management to make
     assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount rates to be applied and the
     expected period of benefits.


     Warranty provisions

     Provisions for warranties granted by the Group for the passenger vehicles sold are recognized based on sales volumes
     and past experiences of costs for repairs and replacement, among others. The estimate of unit warranty cost may not
     be equal to the actual warrant costs in the future. The Group reassesses the unit warranty cost at least annually and
     the unit warranty cost is revised when appropriate.


     Impairment of inventory

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value at the end of each reporting period. The net
     realisable value is the estimated selling price in the current course of business, less applicable costs, selling expenses
     and tax charges. Management of the Group make the best estimate on the net realizable value and the corresponding
     impairment of inventory, while the impairment assessment may still be significantly changed due to the change of
     market conditions.


     Variable consideration for sales rebates

     The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of passenger vehicles
     with rebates.


     Management assesses the expected rebates based on factors primarily consist of the customer’s historical rebate
     entitlement, accumulated purchases to date, accumulated retails to date, etc. Any significant changes in experience
     as compared to historical patterns and rebate entitlements of customers will impact the expected rebate estimated
     by the Group.


     The Group updates its assessment of expected rebates quarterly and the refund liabilities are adjusted accordingly.
     Estimates of expected rebates are sensitive to changes in circumstances and the Group’s past experience regarding
     rebate entitlements may not be representative of customers’ actual rebate entitlements in the future.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      107
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
             During the reporting period, the Group was principally engaged in the manufacturing and sales of passenger vehicles
             and automotive parts and components in the PRC and overseas. The executive directors of the Company review the
             operating results of the business as one operating segment to make strategic decisions and resources allocation.
             Therefore, the Group regards that there is only one segment which is used to make strategic decisions.


             The following table shows the Group’s total consolidated revenue by location of customers:


             Geographical information

             (a)    Revenue from external customers

                                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million

                     PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)                                      142,868            169,000
                     Other countries/regions                                                          157,419            100,897

                     Total revenue                                                                    300,287            269,897


                     The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


             (b)    Non-current assets

                                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million

                     PRC (including Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)                                       58,662             45,142
                     Other countries/regions                                                               899               637

                     Total non-current assets                                                          59,561             45,779


                     The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial
                     instruments and deferred tax assets.


             Information about major customers

             No revenue from sales to a single customer or a group of customers under common control accounted for 10% or
             more of the Group’s total revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).




108   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
     An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB million        RMB million

     Revenue from contracts with customers                                                      300,287             269,897


     Revenue from contracts with customers

     (a)    Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB million        RMB million

            Types of goods or services
            Passenger vehicles                                                                  272,352             246,822
            Automotive parts and components                                                      21,725              15,864
            Others                                                                                 6,210              7,211

            Total                                                                               300,287             269,897

            Timing of revenue recognition
            Transferred at a point in time                                                      299,973             269,676
            Transferred over time                                                                   314                 221

            Total                                                                               300,287             269,897


            The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
            included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB million        RMB million

            Sales of goods or services                                                           14,902              18,589




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   109
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (continued)
             Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

             (b)    Performance obligations

                     Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:


                     Sale of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components
                     The Group mainly manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and components
                     to its customers. Sales revenue are recognised when control of the goods is transferred to the customers, and
                     there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the goods. Payment in advance
                     is normally required, except for some long-standing customers with bulk purchases and good credit standing,
                     where payment is generally due from 30 to 180 days from delivery.


                     For the performance obligations, they are generally satisfied within less than a year, and the Group has
                     elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance obligations.


                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million

                     Other income
                     Bank interest income                                                                  918                960
                     Additional deduction for value-added tax                                              993                762
                     Research and development subsidies                                                    434                765
                     Other subsidies                                                                     1,124              1,092
                     Investment income                                                                   1,449              1,085
                     Others                                                                              2,157              1,407

                     Sub-total other income                                                              7,075              6,071

                     Gains
                     Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                             57                 59
                     Gain on disposal of certain distribution network                                    1,051                   –
                     Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments, net                              28                 52
                     Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             290                 69
                     Foreign exchange gains, net                                                         2,710                   –

                     Sub-total gains                                                                     4,136                180

                     Total other income and gains                                                       11,211              6,251




110   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                              31 December 2025




6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging or crediting:


                                                                                                    Notes                          2025                2024
                                                                                                                       RMB million               RMB million

     Cost of inventories sold*                                                                                               257,775                231,316
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                     13                          3,204               2,864
     Amortisation of other intangible assets                                                           15                           817                  672
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             14(a)                          401                  313
     Research and development costs*                                                                                          11,444                   9,243
     Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                             14(c)                          176                  151
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                                           7                   12
     Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ and supervisors’
          remuneration)
          Wages and salaries                                                                                                  12,958                   9,665
          Pension scheme contributions                                                                                             1,117                 652
          Share-based compensation                                                                                                  498                1,988
     Impairment of financial assets and contract assets, net:
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                              22                           175                   15
     Reversal of impairment provision of contract assets, net                                                                         –                  (24)
     Impairment/(reversal of impairment provision) of financial assets
          included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, net                             19                            14                 (249)
     Written-down of inventories to net realisable value, net                                                                       149                  982
     Warranty provisions, net                                                                          33                          6,264               7,477
     Impairment of an investment in an associate **                                                                                   –                  336
     Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                                              13                            48                  133
     Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                                                                          2,710                (851)
     Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income ***                                                                                                   13                   32
     Gain on bargain purchase ****                                                                                                    –                    8


     *         Cost of inventories sold and research and development costs include expenses relating to staff cost, depreciation and amortisation expenses,
               which are also included in the respective total amounts disclosed separately above for each of these types of expenses.


     **        Impairment of an investment in an associate is included in “Other expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     ***       Dividend income from equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income is included in “Other income and gains” in the
               consolidated statement of profit or loss.



     ****      Gain on bargain purchase is included in “Other income and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    111
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      7.     FINANCE COSTS
             An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                                                      2025                     2024
                                                                                                                            RMB million              RMB million

             Interest expenses on bank loans and other borrowings                                                                    1,761                    1,919
             Interest on long-term liabilities                                                                                         212                       290
             Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                             123                       101

             Total                                                                                                                   2,096                    2,310


      8.     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
             Directors’ and Supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section 383(1)(a), (b), (c)
             and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits
             of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:


                                                                                                                                      2025                     2024
                                                                                                                        RMB thousand              RMB thousand

             Fees                                                                                                                    1,914                    1,374

             Other emoluments:
             Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                               6,517                    9,175
             Performance related bonuses*                                                                                            8,666                   13,772
             Share-based compensation expenses                                                                                     29,245                    28,142
             Pension scheme contributions                                                                                              124                       225

             Sub-total                                                                                                             44,552                    51,314

             Total                                                                                                                 46,466                    52,688


             *       Certain executive directors and supervisors of the Company are entitled to bonus payments which are related to the operating profit of the Group.




112   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                     31 December 2025




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
     During the year ended 31 December 2024, certain directors were granted shares, in respect of their services to the
     Group, under the share-based compensation plan of the Company, further details of which are set out in note 35 to
     the financial statements. The fair value of the share-based compensation, which is recognised in the statement of
     profit or loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
     statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 is included in the above directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration
     disclosures.
     (a)    Independent non-executive directors

            The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:


                                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                            RMB thousand             RMB thousand

            Mr. Shang Wenjiang                                                                                             225                       90
            Mr. Yang Mianzhi                                                                                               225                       90
            Mr. Ye Shengji                                                                                                 225                       90
            Mr. Lu Feng                                                                                                    225                       90
            Mr. Yang Shanlin (i)                                                                                              –                      90
            Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank (ii)                                                                                    210                       –
            Ms. Shi Qin (iii)                                                                                               10                       90

            Total                                                                                                       1,120                       540


            (i)     Mr. Yang Shanlin declared in June 2025 that he waived all allowances while serving as an independent non-executive director.


            (ii)    Mr. Lai Ni Hium, Frank was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company in February 2025.


            (iii)   Ms. Shi Qin resigned as an independent non-executive director of the Company in January 2025.



            There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025      113
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      8.     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
             (b)     Executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors

                                                                      Salaries,    Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                                allowances and          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                                         Fees benefits in kind         bonuses        expenses   contributions   remuneration
                                                 RMB thousand   RMB thousand      RMB thousand    RMB thousand   RMB thousand    RMB thousand

                     Year ended
                       31 December 2025
                     Executive director:
                       Mr. Yin Tongyue                      –            3,007           2,225              –              41           5,273
                       Mr. Zhang Guozhong (i)               –            2,704           5,353          28,876             41          36,974

                     Sub-total                                           5,711           7,578          28,876             82          42,247
                     Non-executive directors:
                       Ms. Wang Laichun                   120                –               –              –               –             120
                       Ms. Li Jing (ii)                   120                –               –              –               –             120
                       Mr. Yin Xiangling (iii)            105                –               –              –               –             105
                       Mr. Xing Hui (iv)                   10                –               –              –               –              10
                       Mr. Wang Jinhua (v)                120                –               –              –               –             120
                       Mr. Wang Xiaowei (vi)              105                –               –              –               –             105
                       Mr. Wang Zhaohui (vii)              10                –               –              –               –              10
                       Mr. Hu Jingyuan (viii)             120                –               –              –               –             120
                       Mr. Bao Siyu (ix)                    –                –               –              –               –              –

                     Sub-total                            710                –               –              –               –             710
                     Supervisors:
                       Mr. Wu Yunfei                       84                –               –              –               –              84
                       Mr. Xu Hui (x)                       –                –               –              –               –              –
                       Mr. Cai Changfeng (xi)               –              806           1,088             369             42           2,305

                     Sub-total                             84              806           1,088             369             42           2,389
                     Total                                794            6,517           8,666          29,245            124          45,346




114   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    31 December 2025




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
     (b)   Executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)

                                                             Salaries,    Performance     Share-based         Pension
                                                       allowances and          related   compensation         scheme            Total
                                                Fees benefits in kind         bonuses        expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                        RMB thousand   RMB thousand      RMB thousand    RMB thousand   RMB thousand     RMB thousand

           Year ended
             31 December 2024
           Executive director:
             Mr. Yin Tongyue                       –            3,013           3,946              –               41           7,000
             Mr. Zhang Guozhong (i)                –            2,881           5,668          26,470              41          35,060

           Sub-total                               –            5,894           9,614          26,470              82          42,060
           Non-executive directors:
             Ms. Wang Laichun                     90                –               –              –                –             90
             Mr. Yi Lei (xii)                     30                –               –              –                –             30
             Mr. Xing Hui (iv)                  120                 –               –              –                –            120
             Mr. Wang Jinhua (v)                120                 –               –              –                –            120
             Mr. Wang Laisheng (xiii)             30                –               –              –                –             30
             Mr. Wang Zhaohui (vii)             120                 –               –              –                –            120
             Mr. Hu Jingyuan (viii)             120                 –               –              –                –            120
             Ms. Li Jing (ii)                     90                –               –              –                –             90
             Ms. Liu Ling (xiv)                   30                –               –              –                –             30
             Mr. Bao Siyu (ix)                     –                –               –              –                –              –

           Sub-total                            750                 –               –              –                –            750
           Supervisors:
             Mr. Wu Yunfei                        84                –               –              –                –             84
             Mr. Xu Hui (x)                        –                –               –              –                –              –
             Mr. Cai Changfeng (xi)                –              806           1,691            308               32           2,837
             Mr. Zhang Jinsong (xv)                –              786               –            615               70           1,471
             Mr. Hong Gaoming (xvi)                –            1,689           2,467            749               41           4,946

           Sub-total                              84            3,281           4,158           1,672             143           9,338
           Total                                834             9,175          13,772          28,142             225          52,148




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025     115
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      8.     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (continued)
             (b)     Executive directors, non-executive directors and supervisors (continued)
                     (i)      Mr. Zhang Guozhong was appointed as executive director of the Company in March 2024.



                     (ii)     Ms. Li Jing was appointed as non-executive directors of the Company by Luxshare Limited in March 2024.



                     (iii)    Mr. Yin Xiangling was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Anhui Credit Guaranty in February 2025. The director’s
                              allowance that Mr. Yin was entitled to is payable to the Anhui Credit Guaranty.



                     (iv)     Mr. Xing Hui was appointed by Wuhu Investment Holding, a shareholder with significant influence over the Group, as non-executive
                              director of the Company in November 2021 and resigned in January 2025. The director’s allowance that Mr. Xing was entitled to is
                              payable to Wuhu Investment Holding.


                     (v)      Mr. Wang Jinhua was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Wuhu Investment Holding in April 2022. The director’s
                              allowance that Mr. Wang was entitled to is payable to Wuhu Investment Holding.


                     (vi)     Mr. Wang Xiaowei was appointed by Wuhu Investment Holding as non-executive director of the Company in February 2025. The director’s
                              allowance that Mr. Wang was entitled to is payable to Wuhu Investment Holding.


                     (vii)    Mr. Wang Zhaohui was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Anhui Credit Guaranty in July 2023 and resigned in
                              January 2025. The director’s allowance that Mr. Wang was entitled to is payable to the Anhui Credit Guaranty.


                     (viii)   Mr. Hu Jingyuan was appointed by Anhui Investment Holding as non-executive director of the Company in September 2022. The director’s
                              allowance that Mr. Hu was entitled to is payable to Anhui Investment Holding.


                     (ix)     Mr. Bao Siyu was appointed as non-executive director of the Company in June 2021. He is an employee of Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd,
                              and he is not entitled to director’s allowance during the reporting periods.


                     (x)      Mr. Xu Hui was appointed as supervisor of the Company in March 2024. He is an employee of Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd and he is not
                              entitled to director’s allowance during the reporting periods.


                     (xi)     Mr. Cai Changfeng was appointed as a supervisor of the Company in March 2024.


                     (xii)    Mr. Yi Lei was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Luxshare Limited in May 2023 and resigned in March 2024.


                     (xiii)   Mr. Wang Laisheng was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Luxshare Limited in May 2022 and resigned in May 2024.


                     (xiv)    Ms. Liu Ling was appointed as non-executive director of the Company by Wuhu Kingsman Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited
                              Partnership) * (“Wuhu Kingsman” 蕪湖金斯曼企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) in May 2023 and resigned in March 2024. The director’s
                              allowance that Ms. Liu was entitled to was paid to Wuhu Kingsman.


                     (xv)     Mr. Zhang Jinsong was appointed as a supervisor of the Company in December 2021 and resigned in March 2024.


                     (xvi)    Mr. Hong Gaoming was appointed as a supervisor of the Company in April 2022 and resigned in March 2024.


                     *        The English name of these entities above represents the best effort made by the management of the Company to directly translate the
                              Chinese name as it does not register any official English name.




116   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




9.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees during the year included one executive director (2024: one executive director), details
      of whose remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2024:
      four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor supervisor executive of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB thousand         RMB thousand

      Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                    9,517              7,333
      Performance related bonuses                                                                 27,731              4,841
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                           60,239            116,616
      Pension scheme contributions                                                                   166                 151

      Total                                                                                       97,653            128,941


      The number of non-director and non-supervisor highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following
      bands is as follows:

                                                                                               Number of employees
                                                                                                    2025                2024

      HK$14,000,001 to HK$14,500,000                                                                   1                   –
      HK$17,500,001 to HK$18,000,000                                                                   1                   –
      HK$29,000,001 to HK$29,500,000                                                                   1                   1
      HK$31,500,001 to HK$32,000,000                                                                   –                   1
      HK$39,000,001 to HK$39,500,000                                                                   –                   1
      HK$41,000,001 to HK$41,500,000                                                                   –                   1
      HK$45,000,001 to HK$45,500,000                                                                   1                   –

      Total                                                                                            4                   4


      During the year ended 31 December 2024, shares were granted to non-director and non-supervisor highest paid
      employee in respect of their services to the Group, under the share-based compensation plan of the Company,
      further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 35 to the financial statements. The fair value of the
      share-based compensation, which has been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period,
      was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements for the current year is
      included in the above non-director and non-supervisor executive highest paid employees’ remuneration disclosures.


10.   INCOME TAX
      PRC corporate income tax

      Under the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law and the respective regulations, the corporate income tax for the Company
      and its subsidiaries is calculated at a statutory rate of 25% or a preferential rate of 15% where applicable, on their
      estimated taxable profits for the year based on the existing legislations, interpretations and practices in respect
      thereof.


      In 2023, Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. was recognized as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” (“HNTE”), therefore can
      enjoy the 15% preferential income tax rate in 2023 to 2025.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    117
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      10.    INCOME TAX (Continued)
             PRC corporate income tax (Continued)

             In 2024, Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd was recognized as a HNTE, therefore can enjoy the 15% preferential
             income tax rate in 2024 to 2026.


             In 2023, Wuhu Acteco Powertrain Co., Ltd. was recognized as a HNTE, and therefore can enjoy a preferential income
             tax rate of 15% in 2023 to 2025.


             Corporate income tax in other jurisdictions

             Income tax on profit arising from other jurisdictions have been calculated on the estimated taxable profit for the year
             at the respective rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions, which are ranging from 16.5% – 30%.


             The income tax expense of the Group is analyzed as follows:


                                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Current income tax                                                                            4,770              3,486
             Deferred income tax (note 31)                                                                (1,276)             (1,208)

             Total                                                                                         3,494              2,278


             A reconciliation of the income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory tax rates in PRC in which the
             Company is domiciled to the income tax expense at the effective tax rates are as follows:


                                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Profit before income tax                                                                    23,001              16,612
             Tax at PRC statutory tax rate of 25%                                                          5,750              4,153
             Effect of preferential or different tax rate                                                 (2,345)             (1,660)
             Adjustments in respect of current tax of previous years                                          19                 15
             Income not subject to tax                                                                      (270)              (331)
             Expenses not deductible for tax                                                                 164                439
             Effect of super deduction for research and development costs                                 (1,538)             (1,153)
             Utilization/recognition of unrecognized tax losses and temporary differences
               from prior years                                                                             (442)              (659)
             Unrecognized temporary differences and tax losses                                             2,091              1,629
             Withholding tax on dividends of overseas subsidiaries                                            65               (155)

             Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate                                                      3,494              2,278


             The share of tax attributable to associates and to joint ventures amounting to RMB478 million (2024: RMB290 million),
             is included in “Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or
             loss.




118   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




10.   INCOME TAX (Continued)
      Pillar Two income taxes

      The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the mandatory exception to
      recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes,
      and will account for the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation has been enacted
      or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and the legislation is effective for the
      Group’s financial year beginning 1 January 2024.


      The Group has assessed its potential exposure based on the information available regarding the financial performance
      of the Group in the fiscal year of 2025. As such, it may not be entirely representative of future circumstances. Based
      on the assessment, the Group does not expect a material exposure to Pillar Two income taxes.


11.   DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB million          RMB million

      Interim                                                                                     3,993                   –
      Proposed final – RMB0.86 per ordinary share                                                 5,000                   –


      The proposed final dividend for the year is subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders at the forthcoming
      annual general meeting.


12.   EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity holders
      of the parent, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.


      The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during the year.


      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB million          RMB million

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent, used in
        the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation:                                    19,019              14,135


                                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                 million             million

      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year used in
        the basic and diluted earnings per share calculation                                      5,552               5,470




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   119
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      13.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                           Electronic
                                                               Freehold     Machinery     equipments                     Leasehold Construction
                                                Buildings         lands     and molds      and others       Vehicles improvements      in progress          Total
                                              RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million

             As at 31 December 2025
             As at 1 January 2025:
               Cost                                 8,456            91        24,910           1,049           330             67           3,724        38,627
               Accumulated depreciation
                 and impairment                    (2,672)            –        (11,759)          (534)          (132)           (14)           (73)       (15,184)

               Net carrying amount                  5,784            91        13,151            515            198             53          3,651         23,443

             As at 1 January 2025, net of
               accumulated depreciation
               and impairment                       5,784            91        13,151            515            198             53          3,651         23,443
             Additions                              1,190             –         2,182             21             99             72          6,838         10,402
             Acquisition of a subsidiary                7             –             –               1             –              –              –               8
             Disposal                                 (28)            –            (89)           (11)           (76)            (2)           (48)          (254)
             Disposal of subsidiaries                  (4)            –           (233)           (13)            (5)            –             (42)          (297)
             Depreciation                            (407)            –         (2,523)          (150)           (71)           (53)            –          (3,204)
             Impairment                                (1)            –            (45)            (1)            (1)            –              –             (48)
             Transfers                              1,688             –          4,105           190             48             68          (6,099)            –
             Exchange realignment                       4             6              7            10             15              –              (2)           40

             As at 31 December 2025, net of
               accumulated depreciation
               and impairment                       8,233            97        16,555            562            207            138          4,298         30,090

             As at 31 December 2025:
               Cost                               11,308             97        28,998           1,197           362            189           4,353        46,504
               Accumulated depreciation
                 and impairment                    (3,075)            –        (12,443)          (635)          (155)           (51)           (55)       (16,414)

               Net carrying amount                  8,233            97        16,555            562            207            138          4,298         30,090




120   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                      31 December 2025




13.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
                                                                                    Electronic
                                                        Freehold     Machinery     equipments                     Leasehold     Construction
                                         Buildings         lands     and molds      and others       Vehicles improvements       in progress          Total
                                       RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million

      As at 31 December 2024
      As at 1 January 2024:
        Cost                                7,273              –        18,282            722            246               8          5,532         32,063
        Accumulated depreciation
          and impairment                    (2,368)            –        (10,052)          (453)          (111)            (2)          (109)        (13,095)

        Net carrying amount                 4,905              –         8,230            269            135               6          5,423         18,968

      As at 1 January 2024, net of
        accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                      4,905              –         8,230            269            135               6          5,423         18,968
      Additions                                76             85         1,329            229             85             61           4,819          6,684
      Acquisition of a subsidiary             641              –           180               7              1             –             490          1,319
      Disposal                                  (9)            –           (121)           (13)           (17)            –              (68)          (228)
      Disposal of subsidiaries                 (15)            –           (227)           (24)             –             –              (39)          (305)
      Depreciation                            (338)            –         (2,323)          (143)           (46)           (14)              –         (2,864)
      Impairment                                 –             –           (128)             –             (3)            –               (2)          (133)
      Transfers                               520              –         6,209            194             49              –           (6,972)             –
      Exchange realignment                       4             6              2             (4)            (6)            –                –              2

      As at 31 December 2024, net of
        accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                      5,784             91        13,151            515            198             53           3,651         23,443

      As at 31 December 2024:
        Cost                                8,456             91        24,910          1,049            330             67           3,724         38,627
        Accumulated depreciation
          and impairment                    (2,672)            –        (11,759)          (534)          (132)           (14)            (73)       (15,184)

        Net carrying amount                 5,784             91        13,151            515            198             53           3,651         23,443


      As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s buildings with an aggregate net carrying value of approximately
      RMB2,139 million (31 December 2024: RMB2,718 million) did not have property ownership certificates registered
      under the names of the Company and the respective subsidiaries of the Group.


      As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s buildings, machineries and construction in progress with aggregate
      net carrying values of approximately RMB266 million, RMB643 million and nil (31 December 2024: RMB250 million,
      RMB183 million and RMB21 million) respectively were mortgaged to secure certain interest-bearing bank borrowings
      and bank facilities of the Group.




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025           121
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      14.    LEASES
             The Group as a lessee

             The Group has lease contracts for various items of buildings and machinery, vehicles and others used in its
             operations. Lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leased land from the owners with lease periods of
             50 years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these land leases. Leases of buildings generally
             have lease terms between 2 and 20 years, while machinery, vehicles and others generally have lease terms between 2
             and 10 years.


             (a)    Right-of-use assets

                     The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                         Vehicles
                                                    Leasehold land      Buildings      Machinery       and others          Total
                                                      RMB million    RMB million     RMB million      RMB million    RMB million

                     As at 1 January 2024                     938             454               10             2          1,404
                     Additions                                 57           1,793              125             –          1,975
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries              337              22               –              –            359
                     Depreciation                             (40)           (247)             (25)            (1)          (313)
                     Early cancellation of leases               –             (28)              –              –             (28)
                     Disposal of a subsidiary                 (11)            (24)              –              –             (35)
                     Exchange realignment                       –             (12)              –              –             (12)

                     As at 31 December 2024
                         and 1 January 2025                 1,281           1,958              110             1          3,350
                     Additions                                218           2,119              175             –          2,512
                     Depreciation                             (46)           (320)             (34)            (1)         (401)
                     Early cancellation of leases               –             (20)              –              –             (20)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                   –             (63)              –              –             (63)
                     Exchange realignment                       –              16               –              –             16

                     As at 31 December 2025                 1,453           3,690              251             –          5,394


                     As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s leasehold land with an aggregate net carrying value of
                     approximately RMB436 million (31 December 2024: RMB324 million), did not have land use right certificates
                     registered under the names of the respective subsidiaries of the Group.


                     As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s leasehold land with aggregate net carrying values of
                     approximately RMB84 million (31 December 2024: RMB86 million), were pledged as collateral for bank loans.




122   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025




14.   LEASES (continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities

            The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                                    RMB million              RMB million

            Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                     2,319                      521
            New leases                                                                                                       2,294                    1,918
            Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                  –                      22
            Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                                                   123                      101
            Payments                                                                                                          (512)                    (199)
            Early cancellation of leases                                                                                        (20)                    (10)
            Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                            (69)                    (23)
            Exchange realignment                                                                                                  –                     (11)

            Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                           4,135                    2,319

            Analysed into:
                 Current portion                                                                                               606                      366
                 Non-current portion                                                                                         3,529                    1,953


            Included in the above balances are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                                    RMB million              RMB million

            Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd.** and its subsidiaries, joint ventures
                 and associates                                                                                                146                      161
            Associates and their subsidiaries                                                                                    15                      48
            Ruichuang* and its subsidiaries                                                                                       6                        2

            Total                                                                                                              167                      211


            *      Wuhu Ruichuang Investment Co., Ltd. (“Ruichuang”) is a shareholder of the Company. For further information, refer to note 35(a).



            **     Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. is no longer a related party of the Group since the completion of the equity transfer on January 20, 2025. The

                   above balance with Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. as of 31 December 2025 is disclosed to maintain consistency in disclosure during the

                   Reporting Periods. The same practice is adopted in disclosure of other notes where balances or amounts with Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd.

                   is disclosed.



            The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 45 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         123
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      14.    LEASES (continued)
             (c)    The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                                     RMB million        RMB million

                     Interest on lease liabilities                                                               123           101
                     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         401           313
                     Expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets                        176           151

                     Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                                   700           565


             (d)     The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 39(c) to the financial statements.


      15.    OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                  Capitalised
                                                                                development
                                                                  Patents       expenditures            Software              Total
                                                             RMB million         RMB million         RMB million        RMB million

             31 December 2025
             At 1 January 2025, net of accumulated
               amortisation                                         1,130                 632                    295          2,057
             Additions                                                  32              3,271                    349          3,652
             Transfers                                              1,013              (1,013)                    –              –
             Amortisation                                             (581)                 –                (236)             (817)
             Disposal of subsidiaries                                    –                  –                    (13)           (13)
             Disposal                                                    –                  –                     (1)            (1)

             At 31 December 2025, net of accumulated
               amortisation and impairment                          1,594               2,890                    394          4,878

             As at 31 December 2025:
             Cost                                                   4,648               2,890               1,364             8,902
             Accumulated amortisation and
               impairment                                           (3,054)                 –                (970)           (4,024)

             Net carrying amount                                    1,594               2,890                    394          4,878




124   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




15.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (continued)
                                                                       Capitalised
                                                                      development
                                                        Patents       expenditures            Software                Total
                                                    RMB million        RMB million       RMB million           RMB million

      31 December 2024
      At 1 January 2024, net of accumulated
        amortisation                                        877                 96                108                1,081
      Additions                                                –             1,301                319                1,620
      Transfer                                              765               (765)                  –                   –
      Amortisation                                         (512)                 –                (160)               (672)
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                              –                 –                 38                   38
      Disposal of subsidiaries                                 –                 –                  (4)                  (4)
      Disposal                                                 –                 –                  (2)                  (2)
      Exchange realignment                                     –                 –                  (4)                  (4)

      At 31 December 2024, net of accumulated
        amortisation and impairment                       1,130                632                295                2,057

      At 31 December 2024:
      Cost                                                3,603                632               1,157               5,392
      Accumulated amortisation and
        impairment                                        (2,473)                –                (862)             (3,335)

      Net carrying amount                                 1,130                632                295                2,057


      As at 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s patents, with an aggregate net carrying value of approximately RMB79
      million (31 December 2024: RMB135 million) were pledged as collateral for bank loans.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   125
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      16.    INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                                                     RMB million           RMB million

             Share of net assets                                                                           11,487                    9,793


             The Group’s trade and non-trade receivable and payable balances with the joint ventures are disclosed in notes 19,
             22, 26, 27 and 30 to the financial statements.


             Particulars of the Group’s material joint ventures are as follows:


                                                                                          Percentage of

                                          Particulars of      Place of
                                          paid-in             registration   Ownership                                   Principal
             Name                         capital held        and business     interest   Voting power    Profit sharing activities

             Chery Jaguar Land Rover      Registered          Chinese               50              50               50 Manufacture
               Automotive Corporation*      paid-in capital     mainland                                                    and sales of
               (奇瑞捷豹路虎汽車有限                  of RMB1 each                                                                    vehicles
               公司)
             Chery HuiYin Motor Finance Ordinary shares       Chinese               49              49               49 Automatic
               Service Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞徽銀                         mainland                                                    financial
               汽車金融股份有限公司)                                                                                                  services


             The above investment is directly held by the Company.


             * The English name of the particulars of the Group’s material joint ventures above represents the best effort made
             by the management of the Company to directly translate the Chinese name as it does not register any official English
             name.




126   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




16.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (continued)
      The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive
      Co., Ltd., adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated
      financial statements:


                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    2,501              2,309
      Other current assets                                                                         3,683              2,714

      Current assets                                                                               6,184              5,023
      Non-current assets                                                                           6,895              7,922

      Financial liabilities, excluding trade and other payables and provisions                       628                813
      Other current liabilities                                                                    5,721              6,071

      Current liabilities                                                                          6,349              6,884

      Other non-current liabilities                                                                  776                136

      Non-current liabilities                                                                        776                136

      Net assets                                                                                   5,954              5,925

      Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the joint venture:
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                           50%                50%
      Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                             2,978              2,963

      Carrying amount of the investment                                                            2,978              2,963

      Revenue                                                                                      9,248             11,637
      Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                              30                 21




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    127
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      16.    INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (continued)
             The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Chery HuiYin Motor Finance Service
             Co., Ltd., adjusted for any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the consolidated
             financial statements:


                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million

             Cash and balance with central banks                                                              –                348
             Due from banks and other financial institutions                                              8,694              6,199
             Other assets                                                                                80,206             65,519
             Total Assets                                                                                88,900             72,066
             Financial liabilities, excluding trade and other payables and provisions                    74,221             58,532
             Other liabilities                                                                            1,719              2,025
             Total liabilities                                                                           75,940             60,557
             Net assets                                                                                  12,960             11,509

             Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
             Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                           49%                49%
             Group’s share of net assets of the joint venture                                             6,350              5,640
             Carrying amount of the investment                                                            6,350              5,640

             Revenue                                                                                      4,459              3,952
             Profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                           1,596              1,708
             Dividend received                                                                               72                 56


             The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
             individually material:


                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million

             Share of the joint ventures’ profit for the year                                               319                   4
             Share of the joint ventures’ total comprehensive income                                        330                 (10)
             Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures                   2,160              1,190




128   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB million         RMB million

      Investments in associates                                                                   7,511              7,591
      Less: impairment for investment in associates                                               1,154              1,227

      Share of net assets                                                                         6,357              6,364


      The Group’s trade and non-trade receivable and payable balances with the associates are disclosed in notes 19, 22,
      26, 27 and 30 to the financial statements, respectively.


      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually
      material:


                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB million         RMB million

      Share of the associates’ profit for the year                                                  463                595
      Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income                                           460                597
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                      6,357              6,364


18.   EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
      INCOME
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB million         RMB million

      Equity investments designated at fair value through
        other comprehensive income
      Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                    296                313


      The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at fair value through other comprehensive income as the
      Group considers these investments to be strategic in nature.


      During the reporting period, the Group received dividends in the amounts of RMB13 million (2024: RMB32 million).




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025    129
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      19.    PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                     Notes                2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB million        RMB million

             Non-Current portion
             Prepayments for acquisition of long-term assets                                              1,348               757
             Others                                                                                              9             84

             Impairment allowance                                                      (b)                      (2)             (2)

             Total non-current portion                                                                    1,355               839

             Current portion
             Other receivables                                                         (a)                4,062             3,847
             Value-added-tax recoverable                                                                  7,967             5,126
             Prepayments                                                                                  3,994             3,531
             Others                                                                                             19             12

             Impairment allowance                                                      (b)               (2,033)            (2,011)

             Total current portion                                                                      14,009             10,505


             Impairment of other receivables is measured as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit
             losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a
             significant increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured
             as lifetime expected credit losses.


             (a)      The carrying amount with related parties included in the above balances are as follows:



                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB million        RMB million

                      Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries,
                         joint ventures and associates                                                      290               211
                      Associates and their subsidiaries                                                     234               260
                      Joint ventures and their subsidiaries                                                 287               243
                      Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries                                              –                6
                      Impairment allowance                                                                 (403)              (306)

                      Total                                                                                 408               414


                      As at 31 December 2025, there is no non-trade balances of prepayments, other receivables and other assets
                      of the Group (31 December 2024: RMB103 million).




130   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2025




19.   PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS (continued)
      (b)   Impairment allowance for other receivables

            As at 31 December 2025
                                                          12-month         Lifetime      Lifetime
                                                             Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3             Total
                                                         RMB million    RMB million   RMB million      RMB million

            As at 1 January 2025                                242              –          1,771             2,013
            Impairment losses, net                                 6             –              8                14
            Foreign exchange realignment                         14              –             –                 14
            Disposal of subsidiaries                              (4)            –             (1)               (5)
            Written off                                           –              –             (1)               (1)

            As at 31 December 2025                              258              –          1,777             2,035


            As at 31 December 2024
                                                           12-month        Lifetime      Lifetime
                                                             Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3             Total
                                                         RMB million    RMB million   RMB million       RMB million

            As at 1 January 2024                                487              –          2,515             3,002
            Transfers into stage 3                                (6)            –              6                 –
            Impairment losses, net                              (238)            –            (11)             (249)
            Foreign exchange realignment                          (1)            –             (1)               (2)
            Written off                                            –             –           (738)             (738)

            As at 31 December 2024                              242              –          1,771             2,013




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025       131
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      20.    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                        Notes                       2025                     2024
                                                                                                                          RMB million               RMB million

             Non-current portion
             Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                                                               122                       61
             Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                                                188                         –

             Total non-current portion                                                                                                310                       61

             Current portion
             Listed convertible bonds                                                                                                 584                         –
             Listed equity investment                                                                                                 466                         –
             Wealth management products and structured deposits, at fair value                            (a)                    31,169                    19,579

             Total current portion                                                                                               32,219                    19,579


             (a)     The wealth management products and structured deposits were issued by banks in Chinese mainland. They were mandatorily classified as financial
                     assets at fair value through profit or loss as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest. All the structured
                     deposits are principal-guaranteed while wealth management products are not principal-guaranteed.



             As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s structured deposits with a carrying amount of RMB5,500 million (31 December
             2024: nil), were pledged as security for the issuance of bank acceptance bills.


      21.    INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                                    2025                     2024
                                                                                                                          RMB million               RMB million

             Raw materials                                                                                                         3,032                    2,370
             Work in progress                                                                                                      3,085                    4,911
             Finished goods                                                                                                      30,635                    29,043

             Total                                                                                                               36,752                    36,324


             As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s inventories with a carrying amount of nil (31 December 2024: RMB1,288 million),
             were pledged as security for the Group’s bank loans.




132   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




22.   TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB million           RMB million

      Non-Current portion
      Third parties                                                                              1,443                    –
      Impairment allowance                                                                         (72)                   –
      Total non-current portion                                                                  1,371                    –

      Current portion
      Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates            753               2,535
      Associates and their subsidiaries                                                          1,699               1,058
      Joint ventures and their subsidiaries                                                      1,550                 719
      Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries                                                  10                  39
      Third parties                                                                             29,657              14,137
      Impairment allowance                                                                      (1,158)              (1,065)
      Total current portion                                                                     32,511              17,423


      Advance payments are normally required for sales of passenger vehicles, except for some long-standing customers
      with bulk purchases and good credit standing, where payment is generally due from 30 to 180 days from delivery.
      Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


      Where the collection period of receivables exceeds the normal credit term and the financing component is significant,
      the receivables are to be measured at their discounted net present value.


      As at 31 December 2025, the Group has trade receivables factored by the Group to an external third-party financial
      institution with a carrying amount of RMB2,822 million (31 December 2024: nil), which were not derecognised. Details
      refer to note 38 to the financial statements.


      An aging analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the time of revenue
      recognition and net of loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB million          RMB million

      Within 1 year                                                                             33,673              17,336
      1 to 2 years                                                                                198                   74
      2 to 3 years                                                                                  11                  13
      Total                                                                                     33,882              17,423


      The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:


                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB million          RMB million

      At beginning of year                                                                       1,065               1,353
      Impairment losses, net (note 6)                                                             175                   15
      Amount written-off as uncollectible                                                           (2)               (297)
      Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                      (2)                  –
      Exchange realignment                                                                          (6)                  (6)
      At end of year                                                                             1,230               1,065



                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   133
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      22.    TRADE RECEIVABLES (continued)
             The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9, which
             permits the use of the lifetime expected credit loss provision for all trade receivables. The Group overall considers the
             characteristics of the shared credit risk and the aging of the trade receivables to measure the expected credit losses.
             The expected credit losses of trade receivables are assessed on an individual or portfolio basis. Considering the
             credit risk characteristics of different customers, the Group assesses the expected credit losses of trade receivables
             with shared risk characteristics based on their ageing portfolio, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current and
             forward-looking information. The aging profile is determined based on the revenue recognition date.


             The information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables is set out below:


             As at 31 December 2025


                                                         Expected credit      Gross carrying    Expected credit        Net carrying
                                                                loss rate            amount               losses            amount
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million        RMB million

             Provision on a collective basis
               Aged within 1 year                                  0.80%              29,692                (237)            29,455
               Aged 1 to 2 years                                   4.35%                 207                  (9)               198
               Aged 2 to 3 years                                  26.67%                  15                  (4)                11
               Aged over 3 years                                100.00%                   24                 (24)                 –
             Provision on an individual basis-
               National NEV subsidies                              9.09%                  11                  (1)                10
             Provision on an individual basis-
               Others                                             18.50%               5,163                (955)             4,208

                                                                                      35,112              (1,230)            33,882


             As at 31 December 2024


                                                         Expected credit      Gross carrying    Expected credit        Net carrying
                                                                loss rate            amount               losses            amount
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million        RMB million

             Provision on a collective basis
               Aged within 1 year                                  1.28%              17,070                (219)            16,851
               Aged 1 to 2 years                                   5.13%                  78                  (4)                74
               Aged 2 to 3 years                                  27.78%                  18                  (5)                13
               Aged over 3 years                                100.00%                   81                 (81)                  –
             Provision on an individual basis-
               National NEV subsidies                              5.09%                 511                 (26)               485
             Provision on an individual basis-
               Others                                           100.00%                  730                (730)                  –

                                                                                      18,488              (1,065)            17,423




134   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 31 December 2025




23.   BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million

      Bank acceptance bills                                                                              251                774


      As at 31 December 2025, there is no bank acceptance bills of the Group were pledged as collaterals to issue bank
      acceptance bills (31 December 2024: RMB349 million). All bank acceptance bills are aged within 6 months. The Group
      considers that there is no material credit risk in the bank acceptance bills held by the Group.


24.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million

      Bills receivables, at fair value                                                               2,327                7,547


      The Group has classified bills receivables that are held both to collect cash flows and to sell as financial assets at fair
      value through other comprehensive income under HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2025, bank acceptance bills of the
      Group amounting to RMB 425 million (31 December 2024: nil), were pledged as collaterals to issue bank acceptance
      bills. All these receivables at fair value through other comprehensive income are aged within 6 months. The Group
      considers that there is no material credit risk in the bank acceptance bills held by the Group.


25.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, TIME DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
      (a)     Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million

              Cash and cash equivalents                                                             46,955               62,693


              Denominated in:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million

              CNY                                                                                   22,538               56,809
              USD                                                                                    3,853                2,098
              EUR                                                                                    7,609                1,234
              HKD                                                                                    4,532                    –
              GBP                                                                                    1,762                   39
              RUB                                                                                    1,303                  776
              AUD                                                                                    1,227                  163
              THB                                                                                    1,305                  205
              OTHERS                                                                                 2,826                1,369

              Total                                                                                 46,955               62,693




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   135
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      25.    CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, TIME DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
             (continued)
             (a)     Cash and cash equivalents (continued)

                     The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese mainland’s Foreign
                     Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
                     Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
                     conduct foreign exchange business. Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit
                     rates. Time deposits are made depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group and earn interest
                     at the respective time deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent
                     history of default.


             (b)     Restricted bank deposits

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million

                     Restricted cash balances                                                         12,750                  75


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million

                     Pledged cash balances for bank acceptance bills                                  11,587                  45
                     Pledged cash balances for other purpose                                            1,163                 27
                     Pledged cash balances for bank loans                                                   –                  3

                     Total                                                                            12,750                  75


             (c)     Time deposits

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million

                     Short-term time deposits over three months and due within one year               12,040               7,319
                     Time deposits over one year                                                            –               244

                     Total                                                                            12,040               7,563


                     The pledged time deposits are as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million

                     Pledged time deposits for bank loans                                                   –               200
                     Pledged time deposits for bank acceptance bills                                    1,290               788

                     Total                                                                              1,290               988


                     As at 31 December, 2025, the Group has time deposits at Chery HuiYin Motor Finance Service Co., Ltd
                     amounted to RMB2,000 million (31 December 2024: RMB5,400 million).




136   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              31 December 2025




26.   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB million          RMB million

      Trade payables                                                                              90,855              99,771
      Bills payable                                                                               19,358               1,725

      Total                                                                                      110,213            101,496


      An aging analysis of the trade and bills payables of the Group as at the end of the reporting period, based on the time
      of purchase, is as follows:


      Trade payables                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB million          RMB million

      Within 1 year                                                                               90,510              99,286
      1 to 2 years                                                                                   208                 367
      2 to 3 years                                                                                    80                  39
      Over 3 years                                                                                    57                  79

      Total                                                                                       90,855              99,771


      Bills payable                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB million          RMB million

      Within 1 year                                                                               19,358               1,725


      Included in the balances of trade and bills payables are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                            RMB million          RMB million

      Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries,
        joint ventures and associates                                                                237               2,667
      Luxshare Limited and its subsidiaries                                                        1,245               1,181
      Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries                                                   733               1,761
      Joint ventures and their subsidiaries                                                          603                   3
      Associates and their subsidiaries                                                            6,164               7,528

      Total                                                                                        8,982              13,140


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on 30-day to 180-day terms after acceptance of
      invoices.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    137
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      27.    OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB million           RMB million

             Non-current portion
             Other payables for additions of property, plant and equipment                               2,780               2,806
             Equity repurchases                                                                            430                 836
             Long-term payables                                                                          1,675               1,212

             Total non-current portion                                                                   4,885               4,854

             Current portion
             Accrued salaries, bonuses and benefits                                                      5,306               4,978
             Other payables for additions of property, plant and equipment                               6,965               3,371
             Other tax payables                                                                          3,097               1,917
             Marketing and promotion expense payables                                                    2,818               2,081
             Deposit from suppliers and distributors                                                     1,866               1,431
             Transportation fee payables                                                                 1,951               1,478
             Other payables                                                                              9,087               7,181

             Total current portion                                                                      31,090              22,437


             Other payables in current portion are non-interest-bearing and the terms of repayment is within 12 months.


             Included in the balances of other payables and accruals are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB million           RMB million

             Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries,
               joint ventures and associates                                                               438                 169
             Associates and their subsidiaries                                                           1,090               1,050
             Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries                                                   10                   5
             Ruichuang and its subsidiaries                                                                  –                 430
             Joint ventures and their subsidiaries                                                         197                   –
             Luxshare Limited and its subsidiaries                                                          17                   –

             Total                                                                                       1,752               1,654




138   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                         31 December 2025




28.   DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS


                                                                 Note           As at 31 December 2025                       As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                     Assets            Liabilities              Assets         Liabilities
                                                                              RMB million           RMB million            RMB million      RMB million

      Non-current
      Preferred share investments                                  (a)                   508                         –               –                    –

      Current
      Forward exchange contracts                                   (b)                     51                    23                  –                    –

      Total                                                                              559                     23                  –                    –


      (a)       In 2025, the Company made an equity investment comprising ordinary shares and preferred shares. The equity component, due to its significant
                influence, was recorded as an investment in an associate, while the preferential rights associated with the preferred share investment were
                bifurcated and accounted for separately as an embedded derivative, which is carried at fair value.


      (b)       The forward exchange contracts are not designated for hedging and are measured at fair value through profit or loss. Changes in the fair value
                of forward exchange contracts amounting to RMB28 million (2024: nil), were charged to the statement of profit or loss for the years ended 31
                December 2025.


29.   INTEREST-BEARING BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                Weighted average
                                                                                  interest rate (%)                       Maturity          RMB million

      Current
      Bank loans – unsecured                                                                     12.88                       2026                   2,722
      Bank loans – secured                                                                       13.20                       2026                   2,822
      Current portion of long term bank loans – unsecured                                         2.33                       2026                   6,356
      Current portion of long term bank loans – secured                                           2.65                       2026                       91

      Total – current                                                                                                                              11,991

      Non-current
      Bank loans – unsecured                                                                      2.50                   2027-2033                  1,333
      Bank loans – secured                                                                        2.69                   2027-2034                     561
      Other borrowings                                                                            2.05                   2030-2035                  2,039

      Total – non-current                                                                                                                           3,933

      Total                                                                                                                                        15,924




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025          139
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      29.    INTEREST-BEARING BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS (continued)
                                                                                         As at 31 December 2024

                                                                   Weighted average
                                                                     interest rate (%)              Maturity       RMB million

             Current
             Bank loans – unsecured                                              7.23                  2025             9,243
             Bank loans – secured                                               22.53                  2025             1,545
             Current portion of long term bank loans –unsecured                  2.66                  2025             9,149
             Current portion of long term bank loans – secured                   2.92                  2025               131

             Total – current                                                                                           20,068

             Non-current
             Bank loans – unsecured                                              2.56             2026-2027             2,750
             Bank loans – secured                                                3.12             2026-2033               348

             Total – non-current                                                                                        3,098

             Total                                                                                                     23,166


             The carrying amounts of borrowings are denominated in the following currencies.


                                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                                   RMB million     RMB million

             RMB                                                                                        11,075         14,262
             Russian Ruble                                                                               4,849          8,856
             Turkish Lira                                                                                      –           48
             Total                                                                                      15,924         23,166


                                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                                   RMB million     RMB million

             Analysed into:
               Bank loans:
                 Within one year or on demand                                                           11,991         20,068
                 In the second year                                                                      1,366          1,705
                 In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                                   283           1,334
                 Beyond five years                                                                        245              59
             Total                                                                                      13,885         23,166
               Other borrowings:
                 Beyond five years                                                                       2,039              –
             Total                                                                                       2,039              –




140   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            31 December 2025




29.   INTEREST-BEARING BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS (continued)
      (a)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings of the Group secured by trade receivables
              amounted to RMB2,822 million (31 December 2024: nil).


      (b)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings of the Group secured by mortgage of
              property, plant and equipment, leasehold land and patents amounted to RMB652 million (31 December 2024:
              RMB378 million).


      (c)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings of the Group secured by pledge of
              certificates of deposit amounted to nil (31 December 2024: RMB195 million).


      (d)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings guaranteed by the Group’s subsidiaries
              amounted to nil (31 December 2024: RMB110 million).


      (e)     As of 31 December 2025, the amounts from discounted unmatured bills receivables presented as borrowings
              were nil (31 December 2024: RMB43 million).


      (f)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings guaranteed by inventory were nil (31
              December 2024: RMB1,295 million).


      (g)     As of 31 December 2025, the outstanding balances of borrowings guaranteed by term deposit were nil (31
              December 2024: RMB3 million).


30.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB million        RMB million

      Advance payments from customers                                                           13,556               9,456
      Sales rebate to customers                                                                   6,232              5,863

      Total                                                                                     19,788              15,319


      Included in the above balances are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB million        RMB million

      Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                                           167                  63
      Joint ventures and their subsidiaries                                                          9                 294
      Associates and their subsidiaries                                                             18                   1
      Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries                                                   3                   2

      Total                                                                                        197                 360


      Contract liabilities of the Group mainly consist of advance payments made by customers for goods and sales rebate
      payables to customers which will be normally settled for purchases of vehicles and components.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   141
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      31.    DEFERRED TAX
             The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:


             Deferred tax assets

                                                             Impairment of
                                                              financial and                                          Unrealized
                                                            contract assets                                      gains or losses
                                                          and non-financial         Accruals                         on internal
                                                                    assets     and provisions      Tax losses      transactions    Lease liabilities        Others           Total
                                                               RMB million       RMB million      RMB million      RMB million         RMB million      RMB million    RMB million

             As at 1 January 2025                                      762             3,111             662                528                 317             28           5,408
             Acquisition of a subsidiary                                13                23               –                  –                   –              –             36
             Disposal of subsidiaries                                    (2)               –              (13)                –                  (4)             –             (19)
             Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
               the statement of profit or loss
               during the year (note 10)                              (232)              998             275                826                 396             16           2,279

             As at 31 December 2025                                    541             4,132             924              1,354                 709             44           7,704


             Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                                      Unrealised
                                                                                                                                           foreign
                                                                                Changes in Withholding tax       Right-of-use           exchange
                                                                                  fair value    on dividends            assets            income           Others           Total
                                                                               RMB million      RMB million      RMB million        RMB million        RMB million    RMB million

             As at 1 January 2025                                                         19              87               249                    –            153            508
             Disposal of subsidiaries                                                      –               –                 (7)                  –              –             (7)
             Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the statement of
               profit or loss during the year (note 10)                                   47              65               452                 452             (13)         1,003

             As at 31 December 2025                                                       66             152               694                 452             140          1,504




142   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                       31 December 2025




31.   DEFERRED TAX (continued)
      Deferred tax assets

                                                  Impairment of
                                                   financial and                                            Unrealized
                                                 contract assets                                        gains or losses
                                               and non-financial      Accruals and                          on internal
                                                         assets            provisions     Tax losses      transactions     Lease liabilities        Others           Total
                                                    RMB million        RMB million       RMB million      RMB million         RMB million       RMB million    RMB million

      As at 1 January 2024                                  532                1,785          1,066                494                   40             27          3,944
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                             –                    –            521                  –                    5              –            526
      Transfer                                             (148)                (103)            (25)                (9)                (26)             –            (311)
      Deferred tax credited/(charged) to
        the statement of profit or loss
        during the year (note 10)                           378                1,429            (900)               43                 298               1          1,249

      As at 31 December 2024                                762                3,111            662                528                 317              28          5,408


      Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                         Changes in Withholding tax        Right-of-use
                                                                                          fair value    on dividends               assets          Others           Total
                                                                                        RMB million     RMB million         RMB million        RMB million    RMB million

      As at 1 January 2024                                                                       24               242                   55              35            356
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                 –                  –                    5            133            138
      Transfer                                                                                    –                  –                  (27)             –            (27)
      Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the statement of profit or loss
        during the year (note 10)                                                                 (5)            (155)                 216             (15)            41

      As at 31 December 2024                                                                     19                 87                 249             153            508




                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         143
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      31.    DEFERRED TAX (continued)
             For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of financial
             position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of
               financial position                                                                          6,689                  5,131
             Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
               financial position                                                                            489                   231


             Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Tax losses                                                                                   22,527               12,655
             Deductible temporary differences                                                             12,087               14,575


             The above tax losses are available for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses
             arose. In PRC, the tax loss can be carried forward to 5 years, where the entity is recognized as HNTE, the tax losses
             can be carried forward to 10 years. The majority of tax losses in overseas can be carried forward indefinitely.


             Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the above items as it is not considered probable that
             taxable profits will be available against which the above items can be utilised.


      32.    DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Government grant                                                                              7,580                  5,463

             Less: Current portion                                                                           239                   180

             Non-current portion                                                                           7,341                  5,283


      33.    PROVISION
                                                                                        Notes               2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million

             Warranties                                                                  (a)              10,739                  9,498
             Litigations                                                                                     238                   169

                                                                                                          10,977                  9,667

             Less: Current Portion                                                                         3,549                  2,816

                                                                                                           7,428                  6,851




144   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                             31 December 2025




33.   PROVISION (continued)
      (a)        Warranties

                                                                                                                                 2025                      2024
                                                                                                                        RMB million              RMB million

                 At beginning of the year                                                                                        9,498                    5,623
                 Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                                         16                         –
                 Additional provision                                                                                            6,264                    7,477
                 Amounts utilized during the year                                                                               (3,672)                  (3,504)
                 Disposals                                                                                                      (1,508)                         –
                 Exchange realignment                                                                                              141                       (98)

                 At the end of the year                                                                                        10,739                     9,498

                 Less: current portion                                                                                           3,549                    2,816

                 Non-current portion                                                                                             7,190                    6,682


                 The Group provides for warranties in relation to the sales of passenger vehicles, automotive parts and
                 components. Provisions for warranties granted by the Group are initially recognised based on sales volume
                 and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The estimation is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is
                 revised when appropriate.


34.   SHARE CAPITAL
      Shares

                                                                                                                                 2025                      2024
                                                                                                                        RMB million              RMB million

      Issued and fully paid:
      5,808,604,533 (2024: 5,469,831,633) ordinary shares                                                                        5,809                    5,470


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:


                                                                                                                          Number of                       Share
                                                                                                      Note          shares in issue                     capital
                                                                                                                                                 RMB million

      At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                         5,469,831,633                        5,470

      Issuance of new shares upon the IPO and the exercise of
            the over-allotment option                                                                   (a)             338,772,900                          339

      At 31 December 2025                                                                                            5,808,604,533                        5,809

      (a)        In connection with the Listing of the shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, 297,397,000 new ordinary shares
                 (with the full exercise of the offer size adjustment option and before any exercise of the over-allotment option) with a nominal value of RMB1 each
                 were issued at a price of HKD30.75 per ordinary share including share premium for a total cash consideration of RMB8,379 million before deducting
                 underwriting fees, commissions and related expenses. Dealing of the shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                 commenced on 25 September 2025.


                 In October 2025, 41,375,900 shares were issued by the exercise of the over-allotment option at a price of HKD30.75 per ordinary share including
                 share premium for a total cash consideration of RMB1,161 million before deducting underwriting fees, commissions and related expenses.




                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025           145
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      35.    SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
             The Company implemented share incentive plans for the Group’s management and employees in order to recognize
             and reward their contribution for the growth and development of the Group, and retain eligible employees for the
             continuous operation and development of the Group.


             (a)     Wuhu Ruichuang Platform

                     Wuhu Ruichuang Investment Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖瑞創投資股份有限公司, “Ruichuang”), was established in PRC in
                     December 2004, as the Company’s incentive platform for management and key technical personnel, which
                     holds equity interests in the Company. Under the incentive plan (“legacy incentive plan”), shares of Ruichuang
                     were granted to certain employees of the Group, which is non-transferrable and is required to sell back to
                     Ruichuang when the participants leave the Group, retire, etc, at a price which is not linked to the fair value of
                     the Company, and the participants are not entitled to the changes in value of the Company’s shares, the Group
                     considered the legacy incentive plan is an employee profit-sharing plan.


                     Under the legacy incentive plan, the relevant employee benefit expenses were recognized in the consolidated
                     statements of profit or loss of the Group for the year end 31 December 2022 and 2023, respectively, which is
                     credited to other reserves in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group.


                     According to resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of Ruichuang on 27 January, 2024 (“grant date”), the
                     restriction of non-transferrable of the shares and the requirements of sales back to Ruichuang is removed,
                     to provide additional incentives to the participants. And to ensure the stability of Group’s top management,
                     certain top management of the Company need to meet a three-years’ service period requirement since grant
                     date. As such, the share-based compensation expenses are amortized during the vesting period for the top
                     managements with service period requirement, and for others, the share-based compensation expenses are
                     recognized at grant date, as no service condition requirements attached.


                     The fair value of share-based compensations is measured by reference to the fair value of the shares less the
                     costs borne by the participants. The fair value of the shares on grant date is determined by an external valuer
                     using an adjusted form of the Black Scholes Model which takes into account the terms and conditions upon
                     which the shares were granted.


                     Share-based payment expenses of RMB89 million (2024: RMB1,663 million) under Ruichang platform scheme
                     were recognized in the consolidated statements of profit or loss of the Group for the year end 31 December
                     2025.




146   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                         31 December 2025




35.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (continued)
      (b)   Zhenrui and Hengrui platforms

            Wuhu Hengrui Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (蕪湖衡瑞股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥),
            “Hengrui”), and Wuhu Zhenrui Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* ((蕪湖振瑞股權投資合夥企
            業(有限合夥), “Zhenrui”) were established in PRC on February 26, 2024, as the Company’s incentive platform.


            In March, 2024, for the purpose of employee incentives, the Company repurchased all of the Company’s shares
            directly held by Ruichuang, representing a total of 6.74% equity interest of the Company, at nil consideration.
            The Company further transferred all such repurchased shares to Hengrui and Zhenrui. Each of Hengrui and
            Zhenrui subscribed for 3.37% equity interest of the Company at a consideration of RMB626,595,500.


            In March 2024, via the above two incentive platforms, 351,104,500 of share awards were granted to the eligible
            participants with subscription price of RMB3.40 per share. In February and June 2025, the Company further
            granted 25,264,900 and 4,013,500 shares to the eligible participants with subscription price of RMB4.39 per
            share. Each grant of share awards needs to meet a service requirement from the date of grant to the later of (1)
            six years since the grant date (the “Service Period”) and (2) the successful listing of the Company. After taking
            into consideration of the best estimation of the listing date, the management determined the vesting period
            of the relevant restricted shares based on the above service requirement. As such, the share-based payment
            expenses are amortized during the vesting period.


            The fair value of services received in return for a share award granted is measured by reference to the fair
            value of the share award granted less the subscription price. The fair value of the share award granted is
            measured as the market value at the grant date, determined by an external valuer using the discounted cash
            flows method which takes into account the terms and conditions upon which the restricted shares were
            granted.


            Set out below are details of the movements of the outstanding restricted shares granted via Hengrui and
            Zhenrui for the year ended 31 December 2025.


                                                                                                               2025                   2024

            Number of shares
            At the beginning of the year                                                              343,712,700                         –
            Granted during the year                                                                     29,278,400           351,104,500
            Forfeited during the year                                                                  (10,006,200)            (7,391,800)

            At the end of the year                                                                    362,984,900            343,712,700


            During the year ended 31 December 2025, share-based compensation expenses of RMB438 million (2024:
            RMB353 million) under Zhenrui and Hengrui platform scheme were recognized in the consolidated statements
            of profit or loss.

            *       The English names of the PRC companies above represent management’s best efforts in translating the Chinese names of these
                    companies as no English names have been registered.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         147
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      36.    RESERVES
             The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement of
             changes inequity in the financial statements.


             (a)     Surplus reserves

                     In accordance with the Company Law of the PRC, companies registered in the PRC are required to allocate
                     10% of the statutory after-tax profits to the surplus reserves until the cumulative total of the reserve reaches
                     50% of the companies registered capital. Subject to approval from the relevant PRC authorities, the surplus
                     reserves may be used to offset any accumulated losses or increase the registered capital of the companies.
                     The surplus reserves is not available for dividend distribution to equity holders of the PRC companies.


             (b)     Capital and other reserves

                     The capital and other reserve comprises (i) the difference between proceeds from issuance of the company’s
                     shares and nominal value of the shares; (ii) the difference between cost of acquisition of minority interest
                     of the Group’s subsidiaries and the book value of net assets acquired; (iii) the difference between cost of
                     acquisition of subsidiaries under common control and the book value of the net assets acquired; and (iv)
                     deemed contribution from shareholders. In 2024, Wuhu Ruichuang Investment Co., Ltd., a shareholder of the
                     Company, transferred its equity interests in 4 entities, including its 6.74% equity interest in the Company, to
                     the Company at nil consideration. The impacts of the transfers were credited to other reserves accordingly. For
                     details on transfer of 6.74% equity interest of the Company, refer to note 35.


      37.    PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
             Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:


                                                                                                           2025                 2024

             Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
             Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. 奇瑞新能源汽車股份有限公司                                           52%                  52%
             Fuzhou Qingkou Holdings Co., Ltd. 福州青口控股有限公司                                                  30%                  30%
             Profit/(loss) for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
             Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.                                                         (363)                (312)
             Fuzhou Qingkou Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                              645                  521
             Accumulated (deficits)/balances of non-controlling interests:
             Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.                                                       (1,525)               (1,162)
             Fuzhou Qingkou Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                            1,583                  895




148   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2025




37.   PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)


      The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts disclosed
      are before any inter-company eliminations:


                                                                                Chery New Energy         Fuzhou Qingkou
                                                                              Automobile Co., Ltd.     Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      RMB million            RMB million

      31 December 2025
      Revenue                                                                               14,023                31,214
      Total cost & expense                                                                 (14,724)               (29,065)
      (Loss)/profit for the year                                                              (701)                 2,149
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 (701)                 2,149

      Current assets                                                                         4,518                14,442
      Non-current assets                                                                     3,942                  3,631
      Current liabilities                                                                  (10,502)               (10,415)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                 (840)                (2,387)

      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                       645                    259
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                             (737)                  (921)
      Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                       269                    602

      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                     177                    (60)


                                                                                Chery New Energy         Fuzhou Qingkou
                                                                              Automobile Co., Ltd.      Holdings Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      RMB million            RMB million

      31 December 2024
      Revenue                                                                               11,097                 26,079
      Total cost & expense                                                                 (11,699)               (24,342)
      (Loss)/profit for the year                                                              (602)                 1,737
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                 (602)                 1,737

      Current assets                                                                         4,766                 14,079
      Non-current assets                                                                     2,347                  2,888
      Current liabilities                                                                   (9,268)               (12,498)
      Non-current liabilities                                                               (1,085)                (1,487)

      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                     2,449                    891
      Net cash flows used in investing activities                                              (54)                  (657)
      Net cash flows used in financing activities                                           (2,127)                  (342)

      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                     268                   (108)




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     149
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      38.    TRANSFERS OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
             Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

             As at 31 December 2025, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in Chinese mainland
             (the “Endorsed Bills”) with a carrying amount of RMB95 million (31 December 2024: RMB292 million) to certain of
             its suppliers, in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers (the “Endorsement”). In the opinion of the
             directors, the Group has retained the substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks relating to such
             Endorsed Bills, and accordingly, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Bills and the
             associated trade payables settled. Subsequent to the Endorsement, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of
             the Endorsed Bills, including the sale, transfer or pledge of the Endorsed Bills to any other third parties. The aggregate
             carrying amount of the trade payables settled by the Endorsed Bills to which the suppliers have recourse was RMB95
             million as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB292 million).


             As at 31 December 2025, the Group has no (31 December 2024: RMB43 million) discounted bills receivables accepted
             by banks in Chinese mainland (the “Discounted Bills”) (the “Discounting”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group
             has retained the substantial risks and rewards, which include default risks relating to such Discounted Bills, and
             accordingly, it continued to recognize the full carrying amounts of the Discounted Bills and the associated bank
             borrowings. Subsequent to the Discounting, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the Discounted Bills,
             including the sale, transfer or pledge of the Discounted Bills to any other third parties. The aggregate amounts of
             the Discounted Bills to which the banks have recourse were nil as at 31 December 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB43
             million).


             As at 31 December 2025, the Group has trade receivables factored by the Group to an external third-party financial
             institution with a carrying amount of RMB2,822 million (31 December 2024: nil). In the opinion of the directors, the
             Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards relating to the trade receivables, including the risk of default,
             and has fully recognized the associated liability as short-term borrowings.


             Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

             As at 31 December 2025, the Group endorsed certain bills receivables accepted by banks in Chinese mainland (the
             “Derecognised Bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with
             carrying amounts in aggregate of RMB53,495 million (31 December 2024: RMB83,721 million), and discounted
             certain bills receivables accepted by banks in Chinese mainland (the “Derecognised Bills”) with a carrying amount in
             aggregate of RMB504 million (31 December 2024: RMB6,971 million). The Derecognised Bills had a maturity of one to
             six months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in the PRC, the
             holders of the Derecognised Bills may exercise the right of recourse against any, several or all of the persons liable for
             the Derecognised Bills, including the Group, in disregard of the order of precedence (the “Continuing Involvement”).
             In the opinion of the directors, the risk of the Group being claimed by the holders of the Derecognised Bills is remote
             in the absence of a default of the accepted banks. The Group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards
             relating to the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts of the Derecognised Bills
             and the associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the
             Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying
             amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised
             Bills are not significant.


             During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has recognized no losses (2024: RMB68 million), on the date of
             transfer of the Derecognized Bills.

150   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2025




39.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)   Major non-cash transactions

            For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease
            liabilities of RMB2,294 million and RMB2,294 million (2024: RMB1,918 million and RMB1,918 million)
            respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for buildings, machinery and vehicles.


      (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

            As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                                          Other payables
                                                                 Bank loans       Lease liabilities         and accruals
                                                                RMB million           RMB million            RMB million

            At 1 January 2025                                          23,166                2,319                 4,159
            Changes from financing cash flows                          (10,974)               (512)                   45
            New leases                                                      –                2,294                     –
            Interest expense                                            1,761                  123                   212
            Deemed contribution from one
              shareholder                                                   –                       –               (129)
            Early cancellation of leases                                    –                  (20)                    –
            Disposal of subsidiaries                                      (276)                (69)                    –
            Effect of foreign exchange changes                          2,247                       –                  –

            At 31 December 2025                                        15,924                4,135                 4,287


            As at 31 December 2024
                                                                                                          Other payables
                                                                 Bank loans       Lease liabilities         and accruals
                                                                RMB million           RMB million            RMB million

            At 1 January 2024                                          38,508                  521                 5,980
            Changes from financing cash flows                          (15,866)               (199)                1,071
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                   379                   22                   835
            New leases                                                       –               1,918                     –
            Discounted amounts arising from
              other payables and accruals                                    –                      –               (290)
            Interest expense                                            1,919                  101                   290
            Transfer to deferred income                                      –                      –             (3,727)
            Early cancellation of leases                                     –                 (10)                    –
            Disposal of subsidiaries                                       (20)                (23)                    –
            Effect of foreign exchange changes                          (1,754)                (11)                    –

            At 31 December 2024                                        23,166                2,319                 4,159




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   151
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      39.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (continued)
             (c)     Total cash outflow for leases

                     The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:


                                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB million       RMB million

                     Within operating activities                                                                176           151
                     Within financing activities                                                                512           199

                     Total                                                                                      688           350


      40.    PLEDGE OF ASSETS
             Details of the Group’s assets pledged for various purposes are included in notes 13, 14, 15, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24 and 25,
             respectively, to the financial statements.


      41.    COMMITMENTS
             (a)     The Group had the following contractual commitments as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB million       RMB million

                     Contracted, but not provided for:
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                     5,380            2,519




152   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               31 December 2025




42.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      (a)   The Group had the following transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                            RMB million             RMB million

            Associates and their subsidiaries:
               Sales of products                                                                                    1,484                     438
               Purchases of products                                                                              23,218                  16,729
               Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                             576                     379
               Rendering of services                                                                                    21                      34
               Receipt of service                                                                                       14                       3
               Lease expense                                                                                            13                      10
            Joint ventures and their subsidiaries:
               Sales of products                                                                                    3,386                   3,314
               Purchases of products                                                                                1,803                       12
               Rendering of services                                                                                    10                       –
               Receipt of service                                                                                       64                       –
               Placement of time deposits                                                                           5,000                   5,400
               Maturity of time deposits                                                                            8,400                        –
               Interest income                                                                                          82                      81
            Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and
               associates:
               Sales of products                                                                                    1,154                   2,883
               Sales of property, plant and equipment                                                                   20                       8
               Purchases of products                                                                                3,429                   3,949
               Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                8                      32
               Lease expense                                                                                            18                      18
               Rendering of service                                                                                     94                      63
               Receipt of service                                                                                     472                       17
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                               –                  7,320
            Luxshare Limited and its subsidiaries:
               Sales of products                                                                                        15                       –
               Purchases of products                                                                                2,490                   2,134
               Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                                –                       3
            Wuhu Investment Holding and its subsidiaries:
               Purchases of products                                                                                2,378                   3,799
               Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                               33                      32
               Sales of products                                                                                      241                     157
            Ruichuang and its subsidiaries:
               Lease expense                                                                                             2                       4


            Note:


            The above transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed by the parties involved based on market
            prices.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         153
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      42.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
             (b)     Other transactions with related parties:


                     (i)    As at 31 December 2025, the Group provided guarantee to an associate of the Group for its bank
                            borrowing amounting to RMB314 million (31 December 2024: RMB197 million).


                     (ii)   As at 31 December 2025, the Group provided guarantee to a joint venture of the Group for its bank
                            borrowing amounting to RMB49 million (31 December 2024: nil).


             (c)     Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB thousand       RMB thousand

                     Fee                                                                                  794                834
                     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                         16,034             18,721
                     Performance related bonuses                                                       36,398             40,515
                     Share-based compensation expenses                                                 89,485             83,361
                     Pension scheme contributions                                                         291                391

                     Total compensation paid to key management personnel                              143,002            143,822


                     Further details of directors’ and the supervisors’ emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial
                     statements.


                     The outstanding balances with related parties are included in notes 14(b), 19, 22, 26, 27, 30 to the financial
                     statements.




154   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                31 December 2025




43.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
      follows:


      As at 31 December 2025


      Financial assets

                                                    Financial assets at
                                                     fair value through     Financial assets at fair value through
                                                          profit or loss        other comprehensive income

                                                          Mandatorily                                                       Financial assets
                                                    designated as such     Debt investments     Equity investments         at amortised cost                  Total
                                                          RMB million           RMB million             RMB million             RMB million            RMB million

      Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                            –                    –                    296                        –                   296
      Trade receivables                                               –                    –                         –               33,882                 33,882
      Bills receivables                                               –                    –                         –                   251                   251
      Financial assets included in prepayments,
        other receivables and other assets                            –                    –                         –                  2,055                2,055
      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                          32,529                     –                         –                     –                32,529
      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                    –                2,327                         –                     –                 2,327
      Derivative financial instruments                              559                    –                         –                     –                   559
      Time deposits                                                   –                    –                         –               12,040                 12,040
      Restricted bank deposits                                        –                    –                         –               12,750                 12,750
      Cash and cash equivalents                                       –                    –                         –               46,955                 46,955

      Total                                                     33,088                 2,327                    296                 107,933                143,644


      Financial liabilities

                                                                                                            Financial liabilities at       Financial liabilities at
                                                                                                                           fair value             amortised cost
                                                                                                                         RMB million                 RMB million

      Trade and bills payables                                                                                                      –                     110,213
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                                 –                      27,572
      Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                                                                              –                      15,924
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                             23                            –

      Total                                                                                                                        23                     153,709




                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025         155
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      43.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (continued)
             As at 31 December 2024


             Financial assets

                                                           Financial assets at
                                                            fair value through     Financial assets at fair value through
                                                                 profit or loss        other comprehensive income

                                                                 Mandatorily                                                     Financial assets
                                                           designated as such     Debt investments      Equity investments      at amortised cost               Total
                                                                 RMB million           RMB million             RMB million           RMB million          RMB million

             Equity investments designated at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                            –                    –                     313                    –                 313
             Trade receivables                                               –                    –                         –             17,423              17,423
             Bills receivables                                               –                    –                         –                774                 774
             Financial assets included in prepayments,
               other receivables and other assets                            –                    –                         –              1,915               1,915
             Financial assets at fair value through
               profit or loss                                          19,640                     –                         –                  –              19,640
             Financial assets at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                                    –                7,547                         –                  –               7,547
             Time deposits                                                   –                    –                         –              7,563               7,563
             Restricted bank deposits                                        –                    –                         –                 75                  75
             Cash and cash equivalents                                       –                    –                         –             62,693              62,693

             Total                                                     19,640                 7,547                     313               90,443             117,943


             Financial liabilities

                                                                                                                                          Financial liabilities at
                                                                                                                                                    amortised cost
                                                                                                                                                      RMB million

             Trade and bills payables                                                                                                                     101,496
             Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                                                  20,396
             Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                                                                                               23,166

             Total                                                                                                                                        145,058




156   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          31 December 2025




344. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted bank deposits, the current
    portion of time deposit, the current portion of trade and bill receivables, trade and bills payables, financial assets
    included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, the current portion of financial liabilities included in
    other payables and accruals, the current portion of interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings approximate to
    their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.


    The Group’s corporate finance team is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
    management of financial instruments. The corporate finance team reports directly to the chief financial officer and
    the board of directors. At the end of each reporting period, the corporate finance team analysed the movements in the
    values of financial instruments and determined the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation was reviewed
    and approved by the chief financial officer.


    The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
    exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
    methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


    The fair values of the bills receivable classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
    have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows. In addition, the bills receivable will mature within
    one year, and thus their fair values approximate to their carrying values.


    The fair values of listed convertible bonds and equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The Group
    invests in unlisted investments, which mainly represent structured deposit, wealth management products issued
    by banks in Chinese Mainland. The Group has estimated the fair value of structured deposit by using a discounted
    cash flow valuation approach and estimated the fair value of wealth management products based on the valuation
    report released by the wealth management product manager where available and consider liquidity discount where
    applicable.


    For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, management
    applies valuation techniques mainly comprise discounted cash flow approach and market comparable company
    approach to determine fair value. The sensitivity of fair values has been assessed that changes in unobservable inputs
    which reflect reasonable alternative assumptions would not result in significant changes in fair values.


    The fair values of the non-current portion of time deposits, interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings,
    long-term receivable, debt investment and long-term payables included in other payables and accruals have been
    calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar
    terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The fair values have been assessed to be approximate to their carrying
    amounts.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      157
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      44.    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
             Fair value hierarchy

             The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


             Assets measured at fair value:


             As at 31 December 2025
                                                                     Fair value measurement using

                                                       Quoted prices in            Significant           Significant
                                                        active markets      observable inputs    unobservable inputs
                                                             (Level 1)               (Level 2)              (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB million           RMB million            RMB million       RMB million

             Equity investments designated at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                   –                     –                    296             296
             Bills receivables included in financial
               assets at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                   –                 2,327                      –            2,327
             Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                            1,050                 31,432                     47          32,529
             Derivative financial instruments                         –                   559                      –             559

             Total                                               1,050                 34,318                    343          35,711


             As at 31 December 2024
                                                                      Fair value measurement using

                                                       Quoted prices in            Significant            Significant
                                                        active markets      observable inputs    unobservable inputs
                                                               (Level 1)             (Level 2)              (Level 3)           Total
                                                           RMB million            RMB million            RMB million      RMB million

             Equity investments designated at
               fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                   –                     –                    313             313
             Bills receivables included in financial
               assets at fair value through
               other comprehensive income                             –                 7,547                      –            7,547
             Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                                 –                19,579                     61          19,640

             Total                                                    –                27,126                    374          27,500




158   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       31 December 2025




44.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million           RMB million

      Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
      At the beginning of the year                                                                           313                  262
      Total gains recognised in other comprehensive income                                                    (17)                 51

      At the end of the year                                                                                 296                  313


                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                    RMB million           RMB million

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
      At the beginning of the year                                                                             61                  60
      Total gains recognised in profit or loss                                                                  –                   1
      Disposals                                                                                               (14)                  –

      At the end of the year                                                                                   47                  61


      Liabilities measured at fair value:


      As at 31 December 2025
                                                               Fair value measurement using

                                                 Quoted prices in            Significant              Significant
                                                  active markets      observable inputs     unobservable inputs
                                                        (Level 1)              (Level 2)                (Level 3)                Total
                                                     RMB million            RMB million              RMB million           RMB million

      Derivative financial instruments                          –                     23                        –                  23


      As at 31 December 2024
                                                                Fair value measurement using

                                                 Quoted prices in            Significant              Significant
                                                  active markets      observable inputs       unobservable inputs
                                                         (Level 1)              (Level 2)                (Level 3)               Total
                                                     RMB million            RMB million              RMB million           RMB million

      Derivative financial instruments                          –                      –                        –                   –


      During the reporting period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
      transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   159
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      45.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
             The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans, other interest-bearing loans
             and cash and deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.
             The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise
             directly from its operations.


             The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk
             and liquidity risk. The directors meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures to manage the Group’s exposure
             to these risks. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk management. The directors review
             and agree policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below:


             (a)     Interest rate risk

                     The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long term
                     interest-bearing bank borrowings with a floating interest rate. The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost
                     using a mix of fixed and variable rate debts. At 31 December 2025, approximately 59% (31 December 2024:
                     59%) of the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings bore interest at fixed rates.


                     If the interest rate of bank borrowings had increased/decreased in 10 basis points and all other variables were
                     held constant, the profit before tax of the Group, through the impact on floating rate borrowings, would have
                     decreased/increased by approximately RMB7 million (2024: RMB9 million) for the years ended 31 December
                     2025.


             (b)     Foreign currency risk

                     The Group is exposed to transactional exchange rate risk. Such risks arise from transactions conducted by
                     an operating entity in a currency other than its functional currency. To ensure the currency risk exposure of
                     the Group is kept to an acceptable level and seeks to minimise the gap between assets and liabilities in the
                     same currency. The Group has used the foreign currency forward contracts to manage foreign currency risk
                     associated with foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities.




160   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           31 December 2025




45.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      (b)   Foreign currency risk (continued)

            The following table shows the sensitivity analysis of exchange rate risk, reflecting the impact of reasonable
            and possible changes in foreign currency exchange rate on profit before tax under the assumption that other
            variables remain unchanged:


                                                                                          Increase/              Increase/
                                                                                      (decrease) in          (decrease) in
                                                                                    exchange rates        profit before tax
                                                                                                  %           RMB million

            As at 31 December 2025
            If the USD strengthens against the RMB                                                5                    292
            If the USD weakens against the RMB                                                    (5)                 (292)
            If the RUB strengthens against the RMB                                                5                    300
            If the RUB weakens against the RMB                                                    (5)                 (300)
            As at 31 December 2024
            If the USD strengthens against the RMB                                                5                    100
            If the USD weakens against the RMB                                                    (5)                 (100)
            If the RUB strengthens against the RMB                                                5                    463
            If the RUB weakens against the RMB                                                    (5)                 (463)


            Due to the utilization of foreign currency forward contracts, as at 31 December 2025, the Group is not exposed
            to material foreign currency risks.


      (c)   Credit risk

            The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers
            who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances
            are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant.


            As at 31 December 2025 the Group had certain concentrations of credit risk as 30% (31 December 2024: 30%)
            of the Group’s trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer, and 49% (31 December 2024:
            56%) of the Group’s trade receivables were due from the Group’s five largest customers based on the balance
            of trade receivables. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a
            credit control department to minimize credit risk.


            Maximum exposure and year-end staging

            The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
            policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost
            or effort, and year-end staging classification as at the end of the reporting period. The amounts presented are
            gross carrying amounts for financial assets.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025      161
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      45.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
             (c)     Credit risk (continued)

                     Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

                     As at 31 December 2025
                                                              12-month ECLs                 Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                             Simplified
                                                                    Stage 1       Stage 2        Stage 3      approach          Total
                                                                RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million

                     Financial assets at fair value through
                         other comprehensive income                      –             –               –          2,327         2,327
                     Trade receivables*                                  –             –               –        35,112        35,112
                     Bill receivables                                    –             –               –           251           251
                     Financial assets included in
                         prepayments, other receivables
                         and other assets
                         – Normal**                                   2,313            –               –             –          2,313
                         – Doubtful**                                    –             –           1,777             –          1,777
                     Time deposits                                  12,040             –               –             –        12,040
                     Restricted bank deposits
                         – Not yet past due                         12,750             –               –             –        12,750
                     Cash and cash equivalents
                         – Not yet past due                         46,955             –               –             –        46,955

                     Total                                          74,058             –           1,777        37,690       113,525




162   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                             31 December 2025




45.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      (c)   Credit risk (continued)

            As at 31 December 2024


                                                            12-month ECLs                               Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                                                                 Simplified
                                                                     Stage 1               Stage 2              Stage 3           approach                  Total
                                                                RMB million          RMB million          RMB million         RMB million          RMB million

            Financial assets at fair value through
                 other comprehensive income                                  –                    –                     –             7,547                7,547
            Trade receivables*                                               –                    –                     –            18,488               18,488
            Bill receivables                                                 –                    –                     –                774                  774
            Financial assets included in
                 prepayments, other receivables
                 and other assets
                 – Normal**                                             2,157                     –                     –                   –              2,157
                 – Doubtful**                                                –                    –               1,771                     –              1,771
            Time deposits                                               7,563                     –                     –                   –              7,563
            Restricted bank deposits
                 – Not yet past due                                         75                    –                     –                   –                  75
            Cash and cash equivalents
                 – Not yet past due                                   62,693                      –                     –                   –             62,693

            Total                                                     72,488                      –               1,771              26,809             101,068


            *          For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
                       disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements.


            **         The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
                       they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
                       recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.



            Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
            disclosed in note 22 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025             163
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      45.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
             (d)     Liquidity risk

                     The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
                     interest-bearing bank loans, and other available sources of financing.


                     The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the each of the reporting period, based
                     on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                                    As at 31 December 2025
                                                        Within one year         In the     In the third        Beyond
                                                         or on demand     second year     to fifth year      five years         Total
                                                           RMB million    RMB million     RMB million      RMB million    RMB million

                     Lease liabilities                             741            554            1,347           2,585          5,227
                     Interest-bearing bank loans and
                         other borrowings                       12,334           1,395             303           2,533         16,565
                     Trade and bills payables                 110,213               –                 –              –       110,213
                     Other payables and accruals                23,594            477            1,432           3,051         28,554

                     Total                                    146,882            2,426           3,082           8,169       160,559


                                                                                    As at 31 December 2024
                                                        Within one year         In the     In the third        Beyond
                                                         or on demand      second year     to fifth year     five years         Total
                                                           RMB million     RMB million    RMB million      RMB million    RMB million

                     Lease liabilities                             517            355              620           1,514          3,006
                     Interest-bearing bank loans and
                         other borrowings                       21,062           1,760           2,548              63         25,433
                     Trade and bills payables                  101,496               –                –              –       101,496
                     Other payables and accruals                16,778            400            1,091           3,484         21,753

                     Total                                     139,853           2,515           4,259           5,061       151,688




164   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2025




45.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (continued)
      (e)    Capital management

             The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
             as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
             shareholders’ value.


             The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
             conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to
             shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the objectives,
             policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2025.


             The Group monitors capital using an asset-liability ratio, which is total liabilities divided by total assets. The
             asset-liability ratio as at the end of the reporting period was as follows:


                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million

             Total assets                                                                        259,347             213,996
             Total liabilities                                                                   208,549             188,072
             Asset-liability ratio                                                                   80%                88%


46.   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of RMB0.86 per share, amounting to a total dividend
      of RMB5,000 million, was proposed by the Board of Directors at a meeting held on 18 March 2026, subject to the
      final approval by the shareholders of the Company at the Annual General Meeting. These financial statements do not
      reflect this dividend payable.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     165
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      47.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
             Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                     Notes                2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB million        RMB million

             NON-CURRENT ASSETS
             Property, plant and equipment                                                              16,481              15,259
             Right-of-use assets                                                                          2,606              2,178
             Other intangible assets                                                                      3,589              1,407
             Investments in joint ventures                                                              11,200               9,273
             Investments in associates                                                                    1,355              2,014
             Investments in subsidiaries                                                                20,131              15,708
             Equity investments designated at fair value through other
               comprehensive income                                                                         206                260
             Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                961                653
             Deferred tax assets                                                                          2,811              2,388

             Total non-current assets                                                                   59,340              49,140

             CURRENT ASSETS
             Inventories                                                                                10,495               9,721
             Trade receivables                                                                          69,144              45,005
             Bills receivables                                                                              278                477
             Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                            21,883              10,075
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      25,790              19,118
             Derivative financial instruments – assets                                                        1                  –
             Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                            2,372              4,557
             Time deposits                                                                              10,174               5,914
             Restricted bank deposits                                                                     1,060                  –
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  27,799              55,287

             Total current assets                                                                      168,996            150,154

             CURRENT LIABILITIES
             Trade and bills payables                                                                   73,408              79,780
             Other payables and accruals                                                                53,172              47,907
             Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                                             6,245              9,566
             Lease liabilities                                                                              252                127
             Tax payable                                                                                  1,785              2,158
             Contract liabilities                                                                         8,748              4,338
             Provision                                                                                    3,173              2,682
             Deferred income                                                                                126                118

             Total current liabilities                                                                 146,909            146,676

             NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                         22,087               3,478




166   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       31 December 2025




47.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
                                                               Notes         2025                2024
                                                                       RMB million        RMB million

      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                81,427              52,618

      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                            2,741              2,727
      Interest-bearing bank loans and other borrowings                       1,160              2,640
      Lease liabilities                                                      1,753              1,524
      Deferred income                                                        6,646              4,974
      Provision                                                              6,210              4,956

      Total non-current liabilities                                        18,510              16,821

      Net assets                                                           62,917              35,797

      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent
      Share capital                                                          5,809              5,470
      Reserves                                                             57,108              30,327

      Total equity                                                         62,917              35,797




                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   167
      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2025




      47.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
             Note:

             A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                                                     Other
                                                                                                             comprehensive     Share-based       Capital and        Surplus      Retained
                                                                                             Share capital         income     compensation    other reserves       reserves      earnings          Total
                                                                                              RMB million      RMB million      RMB million     RMB million     RMB million   RMB million    RMB million

             At 1 January 2024                                                                      5,470              (33)              –           12,418            519          1,071        19,445
             Profit for the year                                                                        –               –                –                 –             –        18,568         18,568
             Other comprehensive income for the year:
             Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                   –              52                –                 –             –              –            52
             Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                       –              (14)              –                 –             –              –            (14)

             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    –              38                –                 –             –        18,568         18,606
             Transfer of other reserves upon the disposal of equity investments
               at fair value through other comprehensive income                                         –              (30)              –                 –             –            30               –
             Business combination under common control                                                  –               –                –            (5,949)            –              –         (5,949)
             Share-based compensation                                                                   –               –            1,756                 –             –              –          1,756
             Deemed contribution from one shareholder                                                   –               –                –            1,809              –              –          1,809
             Share of other reserves of joint ventures and associates                                   –               –                –               46              –              –            46
             Transfer from retained profits                                                             –               –                –                 –          2,073        (2,073)             –
             Deemed contribution from a subsidiary                                                      –               –                –               84              –              –            84

             At 31 December 2024                                                                    5,470              (25)          1,756            8,408           2,592       17,596         35,797



                                                                                                                     Other
                                                                                                             comprehensive     Share-based      Capital and        Surplus      Retained
                                                                                             Share capital         income     compensation    other reserves       reserves      earnings          Total
                                                                                              RMB million      RMB million     RMB million      RMB million     RMB million   RMB million    RMB million

             At 1 January 2025                                                                      5,470              (25)          1,756            8,408           2,592       17,596         35,797
             Profit for the year                                                                        –               –                –                –              –        21,296         21,296
             Other comprehensive income for the year:
             Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value through
               other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                   –              (44)              –                –              –             –             (44)
             Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and associates                       –               (9)              –                –              –             –              (9)

             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                    –              (53)              –                –              –        21,296         21,243
             Issuance of shares upon the IPO and the exercise of the over-allotment option            339               –                –            9,016              –             –           9,355
             Dividend declared                                                                          –               –                –                –              –         (3,993)        (3,993)
             Transfer to safety production reserve                                                      –               –                –               23              –            (23)            –
             Share-based compensation                                                                   –               –              527                –              –             –            527
             Share of other reserves of joint ventures and associates                                   –               –                –               (12)            –             –             (12)
             Transfer from retained profits                                                             –               –                –                –            312           (312)            –

             At 31 December 2025                                                                    5,809              (78)          2,283           17,435           2,904       34,564         62,917



      48.    APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 18 March 2026.




168   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                    FOUR-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY


A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last four financial years, as extracted from the
audited financial statements, is set out below:


                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                             2025               2024               2023               2022
                                                      RMB million        RMB million        RMB million        RMB million

Revenue                                                   300,287            269,897            163,205             92,618
Gross profit                                               41,443             36,308             26,090             12,805
Profit before tax                                          23,001             16,612             13,305              6,508
Profit for the year                                        19,507             14,334             10,444              5,806


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                             2025               2024               2023               2022
                                                      RMB million        RMB million        RMB million        RMB million

Total non-current assets                                   68,735             51,595             49,718             34,341
Total current assets                                      190,612            162,401            129,716             87,619
Total current liabilities                                 180,944            165,802            147,104             92,379
Total non-current liabilities                              27,605             22,270             17,749             21,166
Net assets                                                 50,798             25,924             14,581              8,415




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025    169
      DEFINITIONS


      In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the meanings below:


      “2024 Equity Incentive Scheme”               the equity incentive scheme approved and adopted by the Company on 30
                                                   March 2024

      “2025 AGM”                                   the 2025 annual general meeting of the Company to be convened and held on
                                                   Wednesday, 20 May 2026

      “Anhui Credit Guaranty”                      Anhui Credit Financing Guaranty Group Co., Ltd.* (安徽省信用融資擔保集團有限
                                                   公司)

      “Anhui Investment Holding”                   Anhui Provincial Investment Group Holding Co., Ltd.* (安徽省投資集團控股有限公
                                                   司)

      “Articles” or “Articles of Association”      the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or
                                                   otherwise modified from time to time

      “associate(s)”                               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Beijing Water Wood”                         Beijing Water Wood Equity Investment Center (Limited Partnership)* (北京水木
                                                   新創股權投資中心(有限合夥))

      “BEV”                                        battery electric vehicle, an electric vehicle powered solely by a battery

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”              the board of directors of the Company

      “Chery” or “Company”                         Chery Automobile Co., Ltd. (奇瑞汽車股份有限公司), a limited liability company
                                                   established under the laws of the PRC in 1997 and converted into a joint stock
                                                   limited liability company in the PRC on 24 March 2008

      “Chery Auto Parts Procurement”               Wuhu Chery Auto Parts Procurement Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖奇瑞汽車零部件採購有限公
                                                   司),a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC in 2005,
                                                   which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Chery New Energy”                           Chery New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.* (奇瑞新能源汽車股份有限公司), a joint
                                                   stock company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability in
                                                   2010, which is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Chery Holding”                              Chery Holding Group Co., Ltd. (奇瑞控股集團有限公司), a limited liability company
                                                   established under the laws of the PRC in 2010

      “Chery Russia”                               JSC Chery Automobile RUS, a limited liability company established under the
                                                   laws of Russia in 2005, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Chery Sales”                                Anhui Chery Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.* (安徽奇瑞汽車銷售有限公司), a limited
                                                   liability company established under the laws of the PRC in 2000, which is a
                                                   wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

      “Chery Technology”                           Wuhu Chery Technology Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖奇瑞科技有限公司), a limited liability
                                                   company established under the laws of the PRC in 2001, which is a wholly-
                                                   owned subsidiary of the Company




170   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       DEFINITIONS


“China” or “PRC”               the People’s Republic of China, for geographical reference only and except
                               where the context requires, references to the “PRC” do not apply to Hong Kong,
                               Macau and Taiwan

“connected person(s)”          has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Corporate Governance Code”    the Corporate Governance Code set out in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing
                               Rules

“Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company

“Domestic Unlisted Share(s)”   ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                               RMB1.00 each, which is/are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi by domestic
                               investors and not listed or traded on any stock exchange

“EIT Law”                      the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (            )
                                                                       《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》

“ESG”                          Environmental, Social and Governance

“Foreign Unlisted Share(s)”    ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                               RMB1.00 each which is/are subscribed for and paid up in currency other than
                               RMB by foreign investors and not listed on any stock exchange

“Group”                        the Company and its subsidiaries

“H Share(s)”                   ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                               RMB1.00 each, which will be subscribed for and traded in Hong Kong dollars
                               and listed on the Stock Exchange

“H Shareholders(s)”            the holder(s) of the H Share(s)

“Hengrui”                      Wuhu Hengrui Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (蕪湖衡
                               瑞股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the
                               laws of the PRC in 2024, which is one of the Group’s employee stock ownership
                               platforms

“HK$”                          Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                    the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China

“ICE”                          internal combustion engine

“Jimo SAOSC”                   the State-owned Assets Operation Service Center of Jimo District, Qingdao City*
                               (青島市即墨區國有資產運營服務中心)

“Jinan Changying”              Jinan Changying Jinan Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (濟南暢贏
                               金安投資合夥企業(有限合夥))

“Jinan Jiading”                Jinan Jiading Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (濟南佳鼎投資合夥
                               企業(有限合夥))

“KD”                           knock down




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     171
      DEFINITIONS


      “Listing”                               the listing of the H Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

      “Listing Date”                          25 September 2025, the date from which the H Shares are listed on the Main
                                              Board of the Stock Exchange

      “Listing Rules”                         the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                              Kong Limited

      “Luxshare Precision Industry”           Luxshare Precision Industry Co., Ltd. (立訊精密工業股份有限公司), a joint stock
                                              company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability in 2004, which is an
                                              associate of Ms. Wang Laichun (王來春) and therefore a connected person of the
                                              Company, whose A shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange under the
                                              stock code of 002475

      “Main Board”                            the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                              which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                                              Exchange

      “Management and Employee Stock          Ruichuang, Hengrui and/or Zhenrui (as the case may be)
        Ownership Platform(s)”

      “Model Code”                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                              out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

      “MOF”                                   Ministry of Finance of the PRC (中華人民共和國財政部)

      “Mr. Yin”                               Mr. Yin Tongyue (尹同躍), the executive Director, the chairman of the Board and
                                              the president of the Group

      “Net Proceeds”                          the net proceeds from the Listing

      “NEV”                                   new energy vehicle, primarily including BEVs, REEVs and PHEVs

      “Ningbo Wending”                        Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Area Wending Investment Co., Ltd.* (寧波梅山保稅
                                              港區問鼎投資有限公司)

      “Nomination and Remuneration            the nomination and remuneration committee of the Company
        Committee”

      “passenger vehicle”                     vehicles primarily used for transporting passengers and their carry-on luggage
                                              to meet the non-business travelling needs of individuals or families, typically
                                              with a capacity of no more than nine seats (including the driver), and including
                                              types such as sedans and SUVs

      “PHEV”                                  plug-in hybrid electric vehicle, an electric vehicle with a plug-in battery and fuel
                                              engine

      “Previous Year”                         the financial year ended 31 December 2024

      “Procurement Framework Agreement with   the framework agreement dated 12 September 2025 entered into between the
        Luxshare Precision Industry”          Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Luxshare Precision
                                              Industry (for itself and on behalf of its associates) in relation to the procurement
                                              of automotive parts and components by the Group from Luxshare Precision
                                              Industry and its associates

172   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   DEFINITIONS


“Procurement Framework Agreement with   the framework agreement dated 12 September 2025 entered into between the
  Wuhu Investment Holding”              Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Wuhu Investment
                                        Holding (for itself and on behalf of its associates) in relation to the procurement
                                        of automotive parts and components by the Group from Wuhu Investment
                                        Holding and its associates

“Prospectus”                            the prospectus of the Company dated 17 September 2025

“Qingdao Chengxin”                      Qingdao Chengxin Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* (青島城鑫股權投資有限公司)

“Qingdao SASAC”                         the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Qingdao
                                        Municipal People’s Government

“Qingdao Wudaokou”                      Qingdao Wudaokou New Energy Automobile Industry Fund (Limited
                                        Partnership)* (青島五道口新能源汽車產業基金企業(有限合夥))

“Qingdao Xincheng”                      Qingdao Xincheng Haishun New Energy Automobile Partnership (Limited
                                        Partnership)* (青島鑫誠海順新能源汽車合夥企業(有限合夥))

“Qingdao Xingrui”                       Qingdao Xingrui Zhicheng New Energy Vehicle Industry Co., Ltd.* (青島興瑞智城
                                        新能源汽車產業有限公司)

“R&D”                                   research and development

“REEV”                                  range-extended electric vehicle, an electric vehicle with a fuel-powered range
                                        extender

“Renminbi” or “RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“Risk Control and Audit Committee”      the risk control and audit committee of the Company

“Ruichuang”                             Wuhu Ruichuang Investment Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖瑞創投資股份有限公司) (formerly
                                        known as Wuhu Ruichuang Investment Company Limited* (蕪湖瑞創投資有
                                        限公司)), a joint stock company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                        limited liability in 2004, which is the stock ownership platform mainly for the
                                        management of Chery Holding and the Company

“STA”                                   the State Taxation Administration of the PRC (中華人民共和國國家稅務總局)

“SFO”                                   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

“Share(s)”                              ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                                        RMB1.00 each, comprising Unlisted Share(s) and H Share(s)

“Shareholder(s)”                        holder(s) of the Share(s)

“Soueast Motor”                         Soueast Motor Corporation Ltd. (東南(福建)汽車工業股份有限公司),a joint stock
                                        company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability in 1992,
                                        which is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Stock Exchange”                        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Strategy and Sustainable Development   the strategy and sustainable development committee of the Company
  Committee”




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025      173
      DEFINITIONS


      “subsidiary(ies)”                            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “substantial shareholder(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

      “Supervisor(s)”                              the supervisor(s) of the Company

      “Supervisory Committee”                      the supervisory committee of the Company comprising all the Supervisors

      “SUV”                                        sport utility vehicle

      “Tibet Jinkun”                               Tibet Jinkun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* (西藏錦坤企業管理有限公司)

      “Unlisted Shares”                            Domestic Unlisted Shares and Foreign Unlisted Shares

      “Unlisted Shareholders(s)”                   the holder(s) of the Unlisted Share(s)

      “U.S. dollars”, “US$” or “USD”               United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “United States” or “U.S.”                    the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                                   subject to its jurisdiction

      “Wuhu Investment Holding”                    Wuhu Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖市投資控股集團有限公司)
                                                   (formerly known as Wuhu Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖市建設投資有限公
                                                   司)), a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC in 1998,
                                                   which is the single largest Shareholder

      “Wuhu SASAC”                                 the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Wuhu
                                                   Municipal People’s Government

      “Wuhu Yongrui”                               Wuhu Yongrui Enterprise Management Consultation Co., Ltd.* (蕪湖永瑞企業管
                                                   理諮詢有限公司)

      “Xincheng Haishun”                           Qingdao Xincheng Haishun Enterprise Management Co., Ltd.* (青島鑫誠海順企業
                                                   管理有限公司)

      “Year”                                       the financial year ended 31 December 2025

      “Zhenrui”                                    Wuhu Zhenrui Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (蕪湖振
                                                   瑞股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the
                                                   laws of the PRC in 2024, which is one of the Group’s employee stock ownership
                                                   platforms

      “Zhuhai Shangshun”                           Zhuhai Shangshun Management and Consultancy Partnership (Limited
                                                   Partnership)* (珠海尚順管理諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥))

      “%”                                          per cent


      For ease of reference, the names of the PRC established companies or entities, laws or regulations have been included in this
      annual report in both the Chinese and English languages and in the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese versions shall
      prevail.

      * For identification purposes only




174   Chery Automobile Co., Ltd.
