CONTENTS
Summary of financial information                 2
Corporate information                            3
Chairman’s statement                             4
Biographies of the Directors                     6
Management discussion and analysis               9
Corporate governance report                      16
Directors’ Report                                30
Independent auditor’s report                     42
Consolidated statement of profit or loss and
  other comprehensive income                     48
Consolidated statement of financial position     50
Consolidated statement of changes in equity      52
Consolidated statement of cash flows             53
Notes to the consolidated financial statements   56
2   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



    SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION


                                           FOR THE       FOR THE       FOR THE       FOR THE       FOR THE
                                        YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED    YEAR ENDED
                                        31 December   31 December   31 December   31 December   31 December
                                              2019          2018          2017          2016          2015
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    OPERATING RESULTS
    Revenue                                 450,421       345,896       157,317       112,791        57,462
    Gain on sales of factoring assets       156,242       124,548        57,967         5,876            —

    Subtotal                                606,663       470,444       215,284       118,667        57,462

    Profit before tax                       362,492       295,654       133,016        68,172        51,946
    Profit for the year                     295,125       211,874        88,807        48,008        36,994
    Earnings per share
      – Basic (RMB cents)                       32            26            14             9           N/A
      – Diluted (RMB cents)                     32            26            14           N/A           N/A



                                              AS AT        AS AT         AS AT         AS AT         AS AT
                                        31 December   31 December   31 December   31 December   31 December
                                              2019          2018          2017          2016          2015
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    FINANCIAL POSITION
    Total assets                          4,479,174     3,192,581     1,718,821     1,451,337       716,740
    Net assets                            2,418,060     2,116,062     1,105,278       709,197       661,188
                                                                                          Annual Report 2019   3



                                                 CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                 HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL
Executive Directors                                PLACE OF BUSINESS
Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman)                       10/F, Kerry Plaza Tower 2
Mr. Chen, Jen-Tse                                  1-1 Zhong Xin No. 4 Road
                                                   Futian, Shenzhen 518048, PRC
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                   HONG KONG
Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin
                                                   Room 4202, 42/F, Tower 1, Lippo Centre
Mr. Fong Heng Boo
                                                   89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong Kong

AUDIT COMMITTEE                                    PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement (Chairman)
                                                   TRANSFER OFFICE
Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin
Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                   Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                   PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street
                                                   Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman)
                                                   HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                            TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                   Tricor Investor Services Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                             Level 54, Hopewell Centre
                                                   183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Mr. Loo Yau Soon (Chairman)
Mr. Tung Chi Fung
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                            COMPLIANCE ADVISER
                                                   Dakin Capital Limited
COMPANY SECRETARY                                  Suites 4505-06, 45/F, Tower 1, Lippo Centre
                                                   89 Queensway Road, Admiralty, Hong Kong
Mr. Wang Zheng (Appointed on 29 November 2019)
Mr. Lo Wai Hung (Resigned on 29 November 2019)
                                                   AUDITORS
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                         Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                   Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Tung Chi Fung
                                                   35/F, One Pacific Place
Mr. Wang Zheng (Appointed on 29 November 2019)
                                                   88 Queensway, Hong Kong
Mr. Lo Wai Hung (Resigned on 29 November 2019)

                                                   LEGAL ADVISER
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                   TC & Co.
PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street
                                                   Units 2201-3, Tai Tung Building
Grand Cayman KY1-1108, Cayman Islands
                                                   8 Fleming Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong

COMPANY’S WEBSITE ADDRESS                          STOCK CODE
www.shengyecapital.com
                                                   6069
4   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


    Dear Shareholders:

    On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of Sheng Ye Capital Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries,
    the “Group” or “Sheng Ye Capital’), I hereby present you the 2019 annual report of the Group for the year ended on 31
    December 2019.

    In the year 2019, global economy growth continued to be impacted by multiple factors including trade policy swings and
    geopolitical tensions. Meanwhile, under the pressure of the economic downturn, China is steadily evolving from high-speed
    growth to high-quality development. In light of such circumstance, the Group has followed the trend of China’s sustainable
    transition and seized the opportunities which were brought by favorable policies, including the nation’s strong support of supply
    chain finance to play a heavier role in boosting its real economy, and the acceleration of the construction and development of
    the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. The Group continued to build and optimize the industry ecosystem by
    strengthening its fintech innovation capability and accumulating industry data. Such innovations brought us not only steady
    growth in 2019 annual results but also a number of other stellar achievements.

    In 2019, Sheng Ye Capital successfully transferred listing from GEM to the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
    Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), becoming the first mainland China commercial factoring company listed on the main board
    of the Stock Exchange. Since being included in the MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes - MSCI China Index in 2018, the Group has
    gained more market attention and investor recognition. Recently, the Group was included in the Hang Seng Composite Index
    and the Hong Kong Stock Connect, garnering more support from the capital market in recognition of its business development.
    As at the end of 2019, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB4,479.2 million, representing an increase of approximately
    40.3% compared with the previous financial year. Profit for the year attributable to ordinary shareholders amounted to
    approximately RMB280.3 million, approximately 34.5% higher year-on-year.

    The Group’s above-mentioned stellar achievement is the result of all partners’ united efforts in common goals. As a data-driven
    supply chain financial service and high-tech company, Sheng Ye Capital’s razor focus on key high-quality industries and core
    enterprises, along with its self-developed technology systems and big data analysis technologies at its core, helped to build a
    comprehensive industry financial service ecosystem. Through in-depth business cooperation with approximately 10 Fortune
    Global 500 core enterprises and integration with dozens of professional external institutions, the Group is able to conduct
    long term accumulation and in-depth analysis of multi-dimensional data in the industry ecosystem, establish an exclusive pre-
    approved credit mechanism and industry-based risk assessment model for customer acquisition, efficiently compare and verify
    the authenticity and rationality of transactions, and provide enterprises with diversified financing products and customized high-
    quality supply chain financial services.

    The Group’s professional information technology services have also been recognized by many outstanding partners. In 2019,
    the Group established loan facilitation platforms at a total of RMB1.04 billion in partnership with one of China’s four largest
    state-owned banks and a leading municipal commercial bank, enabling us to promote high-quality assets verified by the Group’s
    robust risk control systems to banks and facilitate efficient financing for small, medium and micro enterprises (the “SMEs”). The
    in-depth cooperation, including system integration and big data sharing with leading companies in the core industries, further
    enhanced the Group’s industry knowledge and professional risk control capabilities. With the support of Sheng Ye Information
    Technology Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. - a subsidiary of the Group, which has been awarded the National High-tech Enterprise
    Certification in China - the accumulated approved size of the asset-backed securities issuance powered by the Group fintech
    capability has exceeded RMB31 billion. Meanwhile, the Group obtained RMB1 billion credit insurance service from the world’s
    leading credit insurance service provider. It shows that the quality of the Group’s underlying assets has been recognized, which
    leads to more opportunities for Sheng Ye Capital to explore diversified funding channels across the region.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019        5


                                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Looking ahead into 2020, the global economy is facing new risks and challenges under the impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
During this period, digitalization technology has proved its indispensable value in tackling the epidemic. We believe this means
that companies actively leveraging on digital technology will also usher in new development opportunities in this test. With
the domestic epidemic gradually stabilizing, coupled with the recovery of industry and economy, and the launch of a series of
trillion-level key infrastructure investment plans across the country, it should bring more growth potential in Sheng Ye Capital’s
focused sectors. Policy-wise, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission (the “CBIRC”) released the first regulatory
document on the quasi-financial segment (including commercial factoring), “Notice on Strengthening the Supervision and
Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises (General office of CBIRC [2019] No. 205)” (the “Notice 205”) in October
2019, with a view to better standardizing and regulating the commercial factoring industry and strictly control the industry’s
entry standards, as well as encourage local governments to support the development of commercial factoring enterprises by
introducing favorable policies. This not only marked the establishment of the compliance of the commercial factoring industry,
but also hinted that the “survival of the fittest” will be an inevitable trend in the factoring market. High-quality companies with
strong capabilities that operate in accordance with regulations will benefit from this policy and further consolidate its market
position. This bodes well for Sheng Ye Capital, which has always operated in compliance and has a solid business foundation.
In terms of strengthening supervision and management, Notice 205 also mentioned that the aggregate value of accounts
receivables from a single debtor must not exceed 50% of the factoring company’s total risk assets; the aggregate value of
accounts receivables from a debtor being a affiliated company of the factoring company must not exceed 40% of its total risk
assets. Under such circumstances, commercial factoring companies with most of their business concentrated on a single buyer or
affiliated companies will actively look for cooperation with third-party factoring institutions. Sheng Ye Capital, as a leading third-
party factoring company, will also be able to gain more market opportunities.

In the future, the Group will continue to focus on accumulating industry expertise, advancing technology innovation as well
as building a more professional and comprehensive risk control mechanism and industry ecosystem. By actively leveraging its
competitive advantages, the Group aims to provide customers with better supply chain financing and information technology
services, and contribute more to helping the real economy with challenges from the epidemic.

Last but not the least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my appreciation to all shareholders and partners for their
continuous support, and sincerely thank all employees for their contributions to the Group. Everyone in the Group together as a
whole will endeavor to achieve sustainable business growth and create greater returns for all shareholders and partners.




Sheng Ye Capital Limited
Tung Chi Fung
Chairman and Executive Director
6   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



    BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS


    Executive Director
    Mr. Tung Chi Fung, aged 33, is the founder of the Group. He was appointed as an Executive Director and the Chairman of
    the Board on 4 March 2017. Mr. Tung is the Compliance Officer and Authorised Representative of the Group. He is also the
    Chairman of the Nomination Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Group. Further, Mr. Tung is one
    of the members of the Risk Management Committee of the Group.

    Mr. Tung is responsible for the overall strategic planning, business development and maintaining relations with customers and
    monitoring the implementation of human resources policies.

    Mr. Tung is the honorary director of Raleigh China (a non-profit making organisation in the People‘s Republic of China), the vice
    president of Handpicked Love Foundation (a non-profit making organisation in the People‘s Republic of China), the director of
    The Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon (a non-profit making organisation in Hong Kong), the sponsoring body manager
    of Lok Sin Tong Leung Kau Kui College, as well as Committee Member of Singapore Management University (“SMU”) Enterprise
    Board and the Donor of the SMU P.A.K Entrepreneurship Fund.


    Mr. Chen Jen-Tse, aged 48, was appointed as an Executive Director on 4 March 2017 and has been appointed as the Deputy
    General Manager of SY Factoring Limited since July 2014. Mr. Chen is one of the members of the Risk Management Committee
    of the Group and is responsible for reviewing and approving certain high risk factoring transactions.

    Mr. Chen has over 19 years of experience in the factoring industry. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Chen worked in various
    positions in financial institutions. From January 1998 to May 2007, he served in the Accounts Receivable Operations Department
    (帳款處理作業科) in Chailease Finance Co., Ltd. (中租迪和股份有限公司) (previously known as CITC Company (迪和股份有限
    公司)). From May 2007 to June 2008, he worked as an Assistant Vice President (receivable finance) of the Commercial Banking
    Department in the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited Taipei branch. From June 2008 to June 2014, he
    worked as a manager of the Trade Finance Department (SBU) in China Minsheng Banking Group.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019      7


                                                                   BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS




Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement, aged 64, obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree from the University of Huddersfield, United Kingdom
in 1980. Mr. Hung had served Deloitte China for 31 years where he had assumed various leadership roles, including serving as
the Managing Partner of Deloitte Shenzhen office and Guangzhou office, before he took up the chairman role of Deloitte China
from 2014 to 2016. He was also a member of the China management team of Deloitte China. Mr. Hung had also assumed the
role of the Southern Audit Leader and the Deputy Managing Partner of the southern region of China (including Hong Kong,
Macau, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Xiamen and Changsha). He was also a board member of Deloitte Global. In June 2016, he
retired from Deloitte China.

Mr. Hung served as a consultant of the Guangzhou Institute of Certified Public Accountants from 2004 to 2014. During the
period between 2006 and 2011, he also served as a member of the Political Consultative Committee of Luohu District, Shenzhen.
After his retirement as the Chairman of Deloitte China, he was appointed as an Expert Consultant of the Ministry of Finance in
the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Hung is a life member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

Mr. Hung was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director in June 2017. Mr. Hung is also serving as a director of each
of the following 8 listed companies whose issued shares are listed on the Stock Exchange:

•     an independent non-executive director of Gome Finance Technology Company Limited (formerly known as Sino Credit
      Holdings Limited) (stock code: 628) since 31 October 2016;

•     a non-executive director of High Fashion International Limited (stock code: 608) since 1 December 2017;

•     an independent non-executive director of Zhongchang International Holdings Group Limited (formerly known as Henry
      Group Holdings Limited) (stock code: 859) since 12 January 2018;

•     an independent non-executive director of Aoyuan Healthy Life Group Company Limited (stock code: 3662) since 22
      February 2019;

•     an independent non-executive director of China East Education Holdings Limited (stock code: 667) since 12 June 2019;

•     an independent non-executive director of Huarong International Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 993) since 13
      December 2019;

•     an independent non-executive director of Tibet Water Resources Ltd. (stock code: 1115) since 31 December 2019; and

•     an independent non-executive director of Skyworth Group Ltd. (stock code:0751) since 18 March 2020.

Mr. Hung was an independent non-executive director of Lerthai Group Limited (formerly known as LT Commercial Real Estate
Limited) (stock code: 112) from 24 February 2017 to 3 March 2017 and a non-executive director of the said company from 3
March 2017 to 30 June 2017. He was re-designated as an independent non-executive director of the said company on 30 June
2017 and subsequently resigned with effect from 30 September 2018. He was also an independent non-executive director of
SMI Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 198) from 16 January 2017 to 15 March 2017 and re-designated as a non-executive
director of the said company on 15 March 2017. He subsequently resigned with effect from 28 February 2019.

As stated above, apart from the appointment by the Company, Mr. Hung is also a non-executive director or independent non-
executive director of 8 listed companies in Hong Kong. The Board has made enquiries with Mr. Hung and noted his good
attendance record for board meetings and general meetings among these 8 listed companies. The Board is confident that Mr.
Hung would still be able to devote sufficient time to the Board given that he has substantial knowledge and experience in
8   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



    BIOGRAPHIES OF THE DIRECTORS




    discharging directors’ duties through his past work experience and his services as an independent non-executive director or as
    a non-executive director in different listed companies. He has good understanding of his role as the independent non-executive
    director or non-executive director of listed companies and has sufficient experience in estimating the time required for attending
    to the affairs of each listed company.

    Mr. Loo Yau Soon, aged 47, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director in June 2017. He is the chairman of the
    Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. From November 2007 to August 2014, he had served as an
    independent director and the chairman of the audit committee for Indiabulls Property Investment Trust, a company listed on the
    Singapore Exchange in Singapore. Since February 2014, he has served as a director of Seri Venture Capital Management Sdn
    Bhd in Brunei. From March 2016 to March 2017, he was the Chief Executive Officer and the managing director of Darussalam
    Enterprise in Brunei.

    Mr. Loo has extensive teaching experience in universities and has taken advisory roles in various organisations. Since 2008, he has
    served as an adjunct faculty and visiting professor in entrepreneurship and new venture creation in universities across Singapore
    and Brunei. From March 2016 to December 2017, he was a state representative of Brunei in the APEC Business Advisory Council.
    From March 2017 to April 2019, he was the chief executive officer of the Brunei Economic Development Board.

    Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin, aged 31, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director in June 2017. He is a
    member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee. Mr. Twoon’s experiences include financial services,
    corporate finance, private equity and financial technology. He was a management associate at Citibank N.A. (Singapore) from
    July 2013 to September 2014, where he was responsible for the Citi-AIA Joint Venture and the implementation of productivity
    plans in the APAC region. From September 2014 to April 2015, Mr. Twoon worked as a Business Development (M&A)
    Executive in Pavilion Energy Management Pte Ltd., in Singapore, where he was responsible for the evaluation and management
    of investments in the oil and gas industry in various countries, formulating investment strategies and identifying potential
    acquisition targets. Mr. Twoon is currently the co-founder and the Chief Operating Officer of a licensed regional Fintech
    platform, Fundnel Pte Limited, since July 2015, and he is responsible for investments, business development and overseeing the
    operations of the company in 6 markets. Mr. Twoon is also a non-executive director of Anthill Capital Pte Ltd since May 2016, a
    regional investment and incubation platform, where he is responsible for evaluation of investments and syndication efforts across
    technology-related opportunities across Asia. In May 2017, Mr. Twoon was appointed as a non-executive director of Y Ventures
    Group, an e-commerce retailer and distributor listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. He sat on the Remuneration Committee
    and he has involved in the development of business and growth strategies, as well as frameworks for corporate governance, and
    resigned in March 2019. In January 2019, Mr. Twoon was appointed as a director of HGX Pte Ltd., a company incorporated in
    Singapore which is Southeast Asia’s first member-driven Private Exchange for unlisted securities.

    Mr. Fong Heng Boo, aged 70, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director in September 2018. He obtained a
    Bachelor of Accountancy (Honours) from the University of Singapore in August 1973. Mr Fong has over 45 years of experience in
    auditing, finance, business development and corporate governance. He was with the Auditor-General’s Office (AGO), Singapore
    between 1975 and 1993. He held the position of Assistant Auditor-General when he left the AGO. Prior to his retirement in
    2014, Mr Fong was the Director (Special Duties) at the Singapore Totalisator Board as the Head of Finance and Investment
    functions. Mr. Fong has been admitted as a fellow chartered accountant of Singapore of the Institute of Singapore Chartered
    Accountants since August 2004. Mr. Fong has been appointed as 1) an independent director of Colex Holdings Limited, a
    company listed on the Singapore Exchange (stock code: 567), since March 1999; 2) an independent director of CapitalLand
    Retail China Trust, a real estate investment trust listed on the Singapore Exchange (stock code: AU8U), since January 2013; 3)
    an independent director of TA Corporation Ltd, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange (stock code: PA3), since December
    2017; and 4) an independent director of Citicode Ltd, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange (stock code: 5FH), since July
    2018.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019        9



               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


BUSINESS REVIEW
The Group is a data driven supply chain financial services provider. Being part of the non-bank financial sector, the Group is
regulated by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission. The Group strives to reshape the traditional supply
chain financing landscape through innovative application of information technology. Benefitting from a professional and
comprehensive risk management mechanism, the Group is able to fully leverage on its self-developed “Sheng Yi Tong” online
factoring system to deliver convenient, efficient, secured and quality supply chain financing and information technology services
at lower cost for small and medium enterprises (“SME”s) and micro-enterprises. As of 31 December 2019, the Group offered
accounts receivables financing services to SMEs and micro-enterprises aggregately amounting to over RMB34 billion, and the
Group managed accounts receivables aggregately totaling over RMB70 billion. Its headquarter is in Shenzhen, the People's
Republic of China (“PRC”).

The Group provides customers with customized financing solutions secured by, amongst others, their accounts receivables, and
also offers them accounts receivables management services. These services include credit assessment, review and verification
of transactions relating to the accounts receivables, collection of accounts receivables on behalf of customers, and regular
reporting to customers on matters concerning their accounts receivables. In return, the Group receives interest income and also
professional fees for the services rendered. It also derives income from sales of rights of factoring assets to improve the cash flow
of the Group and to enhance management of the Group’s factoring assets portfolio. With the Group’s expansion in diversified
corporate services in supply chain and establish of loan facilitation platform, the Group generates fee income through provision
of guarantee services, information technology services, consulting services, and miscellaneous services principally including
accounts receivables management services without financing.


FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group earns most of its revenue from the provision of factoring services, guarantee services, information technology services,
consulting services and other services to customers in the PRC. For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group made revenue
of approximately RMB450.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 30.2% (for the year ended 31 December 2018:
RMB345.9 million). The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to an expanded factoring business which was supported by
bank and other borrowings. In addition, the Group generates fee income through provision of guarantee services, information
technology services, consulting services and miscellaneous services principally including accounts receivables management
services without financing.


Gain on sales of factoring assets
The Group sells the rights of factoring assets as a way to improve cash flow and manage its factoring receivables portfolio. Gain
from this business segment is equal to the excess of the consideration received and receivable over the carrying amount of the
factoring assets. The increase in gain on sales of factoring assets was up by approximately 25.5%, from RMB124.5 million for the
year ended 31 December 2018 to RMB156.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The increase was attributable mainly
to the increase in market demand for factoring assets. None of the factoring assets previously sold to independent third parties
involved non-performing assets.
10   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Other income
     Other income mainly comprises government subsidies, bank interest income and interest income from a loan receivable. For the
     year ended 31 December 2019 and 2018, the Group’s other income was approximately RMB38.0 million and RMB17.8 million
     respectively, representing an increase of approximately 113.5%. The increase for the year ended 31 December 2019 was mainly
     attributable to the receipt of government subsidies of approximately RMB33.6 million, representing an increase of approximately
     127.0% from approximately RMB14.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2018.


     Other gains and losses
     Other gains and losses mainly include exchange differences, gain on disposal of investments in associates and net loss arising
     from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments.


     Staff costs and other operating expenses
     Staff costs and other operating expenses mainly comprise staff salaries and benefits, research and development costs,
     depreciation of right-of-use assets, legal and professional fees, amortisation of intangible assets and other miscellaneous items.
     Staff costs and other operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2019 were RMB158.2 million (for the year ended
     31 December 2018: RMB98.5 million), representing an increase of 60.6%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in
     headcount and salaries, research and development costs, legal and professional fees incurred as a result of business expansion.


     Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model, net of reversal
     Impairment losses under ECL model, net of reversal for the year ended 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB17.0 million (for
     the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB17.8 million), representing a decrease of 4.5% which was mainly attributable to the
     increase in the reversal of allowance for impairment of factoring assets.


     Share of profit of a joint venture
     The Group shared the profits of a joint venture which amounted to RMB1.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (for
     the year ended 31 December 2018: shared profits of RMB1.8 million).


     Share of profit of associates
     The Group shared the profits of associates which amounted to RMB4.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (for the
     year ended 31 December 2018 RMB4.7 million).


     Finance costs
     Finance cost consists mainly interest expenses of borrowings from banks, financial institutions, a bond investor and related
     parties. For the year ended 31 December 2019, finance cost was RMB110.6 million, representing an increase of 21.3% (for the
     year ended 31 December 2018: RMB91.2 million). The increase in finance cost was due to the increase in borrowings made by
     the Group to finance expansion of business operations.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019        11


                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Profit before taxation
As a result of the foregoing, the Group’s profit before taxation increased by 22.6% from approximately RMB295.7 million for
the year ended 31 December 2018 to approximately RMB362.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. Profit before
taxation accounted for approximately 59.8% and 62.8% of the Group’s income from factoring and other services in 2019 and
2018, respectively.


Taxation
Income tax expenses represent the tax expense arising from the assessable profit generated by the Group in the PRC and
deferred tax. Except for certain PRC subsidiaries that enjoy preferential tax rates, PRC enterprise income tax is calculated at 25%
of the estimated assessable profits for both years ended 31 December 2019 and 2018. The decrease in effective tax rate from
28.3% for the year ended 31 December 2018 to 18.6% for the year ended 31 December 2019 was mainly attributable to the
increase in the profit before taxation for certain PRC subsidiaries that enjoy preferential tax rates.

For the year ended 31 December 2019, income tax expenses amounted to approximately RMB67.4 million (for the year ended
31 December 2018: RMB83.8 million).


Dividend
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK5.3 cents per ordinary share of the Company for the year ended
31 December 2019 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: HK4 cents per ordinary share).


Business outlook and prospects
In 2019, the Group successfully transferred listing from GEM to the main board of the Stock Exchange, becoming the first
mainland China commercial factoring company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. Since being included in
the MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes - MSCI China Index in 2018, the Group has gained more market attention and investor
recognition. Recently, the Group was included in the Hang Seng Composite Index and the Hong Kong Stock Connect, garnering
more support from the capital market in recognition of its business development.

Looking forward, the global economy is facing new risks and challenges under the impact of the coronavirus outbreak. During
this period, digitalization technology has proved its indispensable value in tackling the epidemic, which means that companies
actively leveraging on digital technology will also usher in new development opportunities in this test. With the domestic
epidemic gradually stabilizing, coupled with the recovery of industry and economy, and the launch of a series of trillion-level
key infrastructure investment plans across the country, it should bring more growth potential in the Group’s focused sectors. In
addition, the Group, as a leading third-party factoring company, will also be able to gain more market opportunities with the
support from favorable policies.

In the future, the Group will continue to focus on accumulating industry expertise, advancing technology innovation, building
a more professional and comprehensive risk control mechanism and industry ecosystem. By actively leveraging its competitive
advantages, the Group aims to provide customers with better supply chain financing and information technology services, and
contribute more to helping the real economy with challenges from the epidemic.
12   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Capital structure, liquidity, financial resources and gearing
     During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s main source of funds was the cash generated from daily operation, and
     new borrowings. As at 31 December 2019, the Group had bank balances and cash of RMB377.3 million (at 31 December 2018:
     RMB226.1 million), of which 99.3% and 0.5% were denominated in RMB and HK dollars respectively.

     As at 31 December 2019, the Group had interest-bearing borrowings and bank overdraft which amounted to RMB1,885.2
     million (at 31 December 2018: RMB922.0 million). Its gearing ratio, expressed as total liabilities over total equity was 0.85 as at
     31 December 2019 (at 31 December 2018: 0.51).


     Use of proceeds
     The Placing
     On 28 June 2018, the Company, Wisdom Cosmos Limited (“Wisdom Cosmos”), the immediate holding of the Company,
     Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) and Macquarie Capital Limited (“Macquarie”) (OCBC and Macquarie
     collectively referred to as the “Joint Placing Agents”) entered into a placing agreement pursuant to which the Wisdom Cosmos
     agreed to place, through the Joint Placing Agents on a best effort basis, a maximum of 148,000,000 existing ordinary placing
     shares at the placing price of HK$6.00 per placing share (the “Placing”).

     On the same date, Wisdom Cosmos and the Company entered into a subscription agreement under which Wisdom Cosmos
     conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company conditionally agreed to issue, the ordinary subscription shares (the
     “Subscription”).

     The Placing and the Subscription were completed on 4 July and 11 July 2018 respectively. An aggregate of 138,484,000
     subscription shares (equals to the number of the placing shares successfully placed under the Placing) were subscribed
     by Wisdom Cosmos at the subscription price of HK$6.00 for each subscription share. The subscription shares represent
     approximately 15.76% of the issued share capital of the Company as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the subscription
     shares. The Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$819.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB698.0
     million) from the Placing and the Subscription.

     The placing price of HK$6.00 per placing share represents: (i) a discount of approximately 16.6% to the closing price of HK$7.19
     per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 28 June 2018; and (ii) a discount of approximately 17.6% to the average of the
     closing prices of approximately HK$7.28 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the last 5 consecutive trading days prior
     to 28 June 2018.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019   13


                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Use of proceeds from the Placing
During the year ended 31 December 2018 and the year ended 31 December 2019, details of the use of proceeds of the Placing
were as follows:

                                                     Actual use of        Actual use of
                                                     net proceeds         net proceeds
                                                       during the           during the
                                Net proceeds           year ended           year ended
                                         raised 31 December 2018 31 December 2019         Intended use and expected
                             (Approximately        (Approximately      (Approximately     timeline of the remaining
Use of proceeds                     HK$ million)      HK$ million)         HK$ million)   amount of net proceeds

General working                           757.0              757.0                   —    The amount of the net proceeds
   capital of the Group                                                                   for the general working capital
   for expanding the                                                                      of the Group for expanding the
   factoring operations                                                                   factoring operations had been
                                                                                          fully utilised.
Developing the online                      62.5               18.5                 27.4   The remaining unutilised amount
   factoring platform and                                                                 of approximately HK$16.6 million
   IT system of the                                                                       will be used for developing the
   Group                                                                                  online factoring platform and
                                                                                          IT system of the Group and is
                                                                                          expected to be fully utilised by 31
                                                                                          December 2020.


Capital commitments
As at 31 December 2019, the capital commitments of the Group comprised of purchase of intangible assets of approximately
RMB0.6 million (31 December 2018: investments in associates of approximately RMB29 million and purchase of intangible assets
of approximately RMB0.4 million).
14   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Contingent liabilities
     Save as disclosed in note 27 of the “Notes to the consolidated financial statements”, the Group did not have any other
     guarantees or other material contingent liabilities.


     Pledge of assets
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group had pledged bank deposits of RMB86.4 million, security deposits of RMB9.8 million,
     pledged structured deposit of RMB9.0 million, and certain factoring assets with an aggregate carrying amount of RMB462.5
     million to banks and third parties for facilities, loan facilitation platform in partnership with a bank and derivative financial
     instruments (31 December 2018: fixed deposit of approximately RMB8.8 million had been pledged to a bank for facilities).


     Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
     In February 2019, the Group entered into an agreement and disposed of its 20% investment in Shenzhen Sheng Ye Dun Hao
     Gold Chain Factoring Co., Ltd* (深圳盛業敦豪金鏈商業保理股份有限公司), an associate of the Group, to an independent third
     party at a consideration of RMB1,000,000, which resulted in the Group recognising a gain of RMB230,000 in profit or loss.

     In July 2019, the Group acquired 49% of the issued share capital of Zhu Guang Sheng Ye Factoring Limited* (珠光盛業商業保
     理有限公司) (“ZGSY”), a joint venture which was owned as to 51% by the Group at 31 December 2018, for a consideration of
     RMB24,802,000. Subsequently, ZGSY became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.

     In December 2019, the Group disposed of its 20% investment in Shenzhen Sheng Peng Non-Financing Guarantee Limited* (深圳
     市盛鵬非融資性擔保有限責任公司), an associate of the Group, which resulted in the Group recognising a gain of RMB147,000
     in profit or loss.


     Significant investment held by the Group
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group did not make any significant investments.


     Future plan for material investments and capital assets
     The Group intends to expand and develop its diversified corporate services in supply chain and to establish loan facilitation
     platform with an aim to become a Fintech service provider for enterprises. To achieve the goal, the Group will further develop
     the capabilities and functions of its online platform.


     Foreign exchange risks
     The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk related primarily to bank balances, pledged structured deposit, pledged bank
     deposits, loan receivable, other receivables, borrowings, bank overdraft and lease liabilities that are denominated in HK$, US$,
     GBP£ and EUR€. The Group entered into cross currency swap contracts and foreign currency forward contracts during the year
     to manage its foreign currency risk exposures arising from certain variable-rate bank borrowings denominated in HK$, US$ and
     EUR€. The management manages and monitors this exposure to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and
     effective manner.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019       15


                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Employees and remuneration policy
As at 31 December 2019, the Group had a total of 199 staffs (31 December 2018: 117 staffs). Total staff costs (including
Directors’ emoluments) were approximately RMB92.4 million (for the year ended 31 December 2018: RMB56.6 million) including
total share option benefits for employees were RMB10.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (for the year ended
31 December 2018: RMB7.3 million). Remuneration is determined by reference to market conditions and the performance,
qualifications and experience of individual employees. Year-end bonuses based on individual performance will be paid to
employees as recognition of and reward for their contributions. Other benefits include contributions to the statutory mandatory
provident fund scheme and social insurance together with housing provident funds for employees in Hong Kong and the PRC,
respectively.

The Group operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible directors, employees
and contractors of the Group, who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.

In Hong Kong, the Group participates in the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) established under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Cap 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong). The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
separately from those of the Group and administered by an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the Group and its
employees are each required to make a contribution to the MPF Scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant monthly income
subject to a cap, which is currently set at HK$1,500.

PRC employees are covered by the mandatory social security schemes operated by the PRC government. The Group is required
by the PRC laws to contribute a certain percentage of payroll cost to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits.


Recent Development of Regulatory Framework
In 2019, financial regulatory institutions in China has strengthened their governance on local commercial factoring companies,
further regulating and promoting the compliance development of the factoring industry and providing additional policy
support for commercial factoring companies that practice market-oriented operation and focus on supporting SMEs and micro-
enterprises. In April 2019, the Tianjin Local Financial Supervision Bureau promulgated the Circular on Issuing the Administrative
Measures for Pilot Tianjin Commercial Factoring Companies (Trial Implementation) (Tianjin Financial Supervision Bureau
Regulations [2019] No. 1) (《關於印發天津市商業保理試點管理辦法 (試行) 的通知 (津金監規範[2019]1號) 》), which tightens
the regulatory standards and compliance requirements for commercial factoring companies within the administrative region.
In October 2019, China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission issued the first national regulatory document for the
quasi-financial industry, Notice on Strengthening the Supervision and Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises
(General Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission [2019] No.205) (《關於加強商業保理企業監督管
理的通知 (銀保監辦發[2019]205號) 》), which mainly concerns legal and compliant operation, strengthening of supervision
and management, strict requirement for market entry and promoting industry development. It requires commercial factoring
enterprises to complete their transformation towards market orientation, so as to provide better financing services for SMEs and
micro-enterprises.

The Directors confirmed that the Group would be able to comply with the relevant requirements above, as well as to gain more
market opportunities with the support from favorable policies.
16   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) understands that sound corporate governance practices is fundamental to
     maintaining and promoting the confidence of shareholders. Throughout the financial year ended 31 December 2019, the Group
     had complied with the code provisions in the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (the “CG Code”) as set out in Appendix
     14 of The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (“the Listing Rules”).

     The Board is committed to maintaining and ensuring a high standard of corporate governance. The Board will review the
     corporate governance practices of the Group from time to time to ensure that they reflect the latest development and meet the
     expectations of the Shareholders.


     Code of Conduct Regarding Directors’ Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted a code of conduct for dealing in securities of the Company by the Directors in accordance with
     provisions set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, all Directors confirmed that
     they have complied with the required standard of dealings and the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by directors
     adopted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2019.


     Board of Directors
     Responsibilities
     The Company aims to establish and maintain a competent and independent Board to supervise the Group’s business. The Board
     is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the management of the business affairs and the overall performance of
     the Group. The Board sets the Group’s missions and standards and ensures that the requisite financial and human resources
     support are in place for the Group to achieve its objectives.

     The Board has established Board committees and has delegated to these committees various responsibilities as set out in their
     respective terms of reference. The Board may from time to time delegate certain functions to senior management of the Group
     if and when considered appropriate. The management of day-to-day operation of the Group’s businesses and implementation of
     the business plans, strategies and policies adopted by the Board has been delegated to the senior management of the Group.

     The main functions performed by the Board include but are not limited to the following matters:

     •     Formulate the Group’s strategy and direction and monitor the implementation thereof;

     •     Decide all material contracts, acquisitions, investments, divestments, disposals of assets or any significant capital
           expenditure;

     •     Review and monitor the Group’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

     •     Develop, monitor and review the Group’s corporate governance practices and the effectiveness of the Group’s financial
           controls, internal control and risk management systems;

     •     Approve the Group’s annual and interim financial statements, reports, announcements and other disclosures required
           under the Listing Rules;

     •     Review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019       17


                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




•     Appoint or removal of Directors and senior management; and

•     Monitor the performance of the management.


Composition
As at 31 December 2019 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprises of two Executive Directors and four Independent
Non-executive Directors (“INEDs”), details are as follows:


Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman)

Mr. Chen Jen-Tse


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement

Mr. Loo Yau Soon

Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin

Mr. Fong Heng Boo

Biographical information of each of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of the Directors” of this Annual
Report.

To the best knowledge of the Company, there is no other relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/
relevant relationship(s)) among the members of the Board.

In compliance with Rule 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules, the Company has appointed four INEDs, representing
at least one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications, or accounting or related
financial management expertise.

The INEDs are responsible for making independent judgment on the issues relating to the strategy, performance, conflict
of interest and management process of the Group to ensure that the interest of the shareholders as whole have been duly
considered. Furthermore, in accordance with the requirement of the Listing Rules, the Audit Committee was chaired by an INED
with the appropriate accounting qualification and professional experience.

The Company has received from each INED an annual confirmation of his independence, and the Company has assessed and
considered such Directors to be independent in accordance with each and the various guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules.
18   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve a sustainable and balanced development
     of the Company and to enhance the quality of performance of the Company.


     Measurable Objectives and Selection
     In designing the Board’s composition, a number of perspectives which include race, gender, age, cultural and educational
     background, industry experience, technical and professional experience, knowledge, skills, length of service, personal integrity
     and time commitments of the proposed candidates will be taken into consideration. The Company will also take into account
     factors relating to its own business model and specific needs from time to time. The ultimate decision is based on merit and
     contribution that the candidates will bring to the Board.

     The Board will take opportunity to increase the proportion of female members over time when selecting and making
     recommendation on suitable candidates for Board appointments. The Board would ensure that appropriate balance of gender
     diversity is achieved with reference to stakeholders’ expectation and international and local recommended best practices, with
     the ultimate goal of bringing the Board to gender parity. The Board also aspires to having an appropriate proportion of Directors
     who have direct experience in the Group’s core markets, with different ethnic backgrounds, and reflecting the Group’s strategy.


     Implementation and Monitoring
     The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and report to the Board annually. As at
     the date of this report, the Board’s composition under diversified perspectives is summarised as follows:

                                                                                                    Age Group
      Name of Director                                                               30 to 45            46 to 59         Above 60

      Mr. Tung Chi Fung                                                                      √
      Mr. Chen, Jen-Tse                                                                                          √
      Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                                                                      √
      Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                                                                           √
      Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin                                                            √
      Mr. Fong Heng Boo                                                                                                            √


                                                                                   Professional Experience
                                                                 Factoring         Corporate         Accounting      Regulatory and
      Name of Director                                            business            finance        and Finance        compliance

      Mr. Tung Chi Fung                                                  √
      Mr. Chen, Jen-Tse                                                  √
      Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                                √                   √
      Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                                                                                             √
      Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin                                                            √
      Mr. Fong Heng Boo                                                                                          √                 √
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019        19


                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Directors’ and Officers’ Liability Insurance
The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential legal action against its Directors and officers
arising out of corporate activities of the Group.


Training and Support for Directors
Each newly appointed Director will receive a formal, comprehensive and tailored-made induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure that he/she has a thorough understanding of the Company’s operations and business and is fully aware
of a director’s duties and responsibilities under the Company’s articles of association, the Listing Rules, legal and other regulatory
requirements and the Company’s business policies and governance policies.

Pursuant to Code Provision A. 6.5. of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in continuous professional development
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and
relevant. During the year ended 31 December 2019, all Directors have participated in appropriate continuous professional
development including reading regulatory updates in relation to the Group’s business, attending internal briefing sessions and
reading materials relevant to directors’ duties and responsibilities.


Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records
The Board has been scheduled to meet at least four times a year at approximately quarterly intervals with at least 14 days’ notice
given to the Directors. For all other Board meetings, Directors were given reasonable notice.

All Directors are provided with adequate information before the meetings. To enable the Directors to have a good understanding
on the issues which will be discussed at the Board meeting and to make informed decisions, an agenda and the accompanying
Board papers together with all relevant information will be sent to all the Directors at least three days before the intended
date of each regular Board meeting. The Directors are allowed to include any other matters in the agenda that is required for
discussion and decision at the meeting. The initial draft of the minutes of Board meeting are sent to the Directors for review and
comment; and the final draft of the minutes will be sent to the Directors for signature and for the Company’s records.

The Directors may participate in Board meetings either in person or through electronic means of communication. The Directors
have separate and independent access to the Company Secretary and the management from time to time. The minutes of Board
meetings are kept by the Company Secretary, and such minutes are opened for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable
notice by the Directors.

During the year ended 31 December 2019, seven Board meetings were held at which the Directors discussed and approved,
amongst other matters, the Group’s annual report 2018, interim and quarterly reports in 2019, results announcements, transfer
of Listing and change of company secretary.
20   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     The attendance of each Director at Board meetings during the year is set out below:

     Name of Directors                                                       Number of Attendance/Number of Board Meeting

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman)                                                                       7/7
     Mr. Chen Jen-Tse                                                                                   7/7
     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                                            7/7
     Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                                                                   7/7
     Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin                                                                        7/7
     Mr. Fong Heng Boo                                                                                  7/7


     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     All Directors are appointed for a specific term under their service contracts and every Director is subject to retirement by rotation
     and re-election at an annual general meeting at least once every three years in accordance with the articles of association of the
     Company.

     Article 108 of the articles of association of the Company provides that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors
     for the time being, or if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one-third,
     shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to
     retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     Under Article 112 of the articles of association of the Company, any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or
     as an additional Director shall hold office only and until the first general meeting of the Company after his appointment and be
     subject to re-election at such meeting. Any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the existing Board shall hold office
     only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.

     Each of Mr. Tung Chi Fung, the Chairman and an Executive Director, and Mr. Chen Jen-Tse, an Executive Director has entered
     into a service contract with the Company for an initial fixed term of three years commencing from 6 July 2017 ("the Listing
     Date") subject to termination in accordance with the terms of the service contract, by not less than three months’ notice in
     writing served by either party.

     Each of the four INEDs, Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement, Mr. Loo Yau Soon, Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin and Mr. Fong Heng Boo
     were all appointed by way of a formal appointment letter for a term of three years unless terminated by either party giving not
     less than one month’s notice in writing on the other.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not
     determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019   21


                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Policy
The Company has adopted a Nomination Policy for the Nomination Committee to consider and make recommendations to
Shareholders for election as Directors at general meetings or appoint as Directors to fill casual vacancies.


Selection Criteria
The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a proposed
candidate:

(1)   reputation for integrity;

(2)   accomplishment and experience in the business in which the Group is engaged in;

(3)   commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest;

(4)   diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to race, gender, age (18 years or above), educational background,
      professional experience, skills and length of service;

(5)   qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company’s
      business and corporate strategy;

(6)   the number of existing directorships and other commitments that may demand the attention of the candidate;

(7)   requirement for the Board to have Independent Non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether
      the candidates would be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
      Rules;

(8)   board diversity policy of the Company and any measurable objectives adopted by the Committee for achieving diversity on
      the Board; and

(9)   such other perspectives appropriate to the Company’s business.
22   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Director Nomination Procedure
     Subject to the provisions in the Articles of Association of the Company and the Listing Rules, if the Board recognises the need for
     an additional Director or member of senior management:

     (1)   the Nomination Committee and/or Board identifies potential candidates based on the criteria as set out in the selection
           criteria, possibly with assistance from external agencies and/or advisors;

     (2)   the Nomination Committee and/or the Company Secretary of the Company provides the Board with the biographical
           details and details of the relationship between the candidate and the Company and/or Directors, directorships held, skills
           and experience, other positions which involve significant time commitment and any other particulars required by the Listing
           Rules, the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and other regulatory requirements for any candidate for appointment to
           the Board;

     (3)   the Nomination Committee would make recommendation on the proposed candidate(s) and the terms and conditions of
           the appointment to the Board;

     (4)   the Nomination Committee should ensure the proposed candidate(s) will enhance the diversity of the Board, being
           particularly mindful of gender balance;

     (5)   in the case of the appointment of an Independent Non-executive Director, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board
           obtains all information in relation to the proposed Director to allow the Board to adequately assess the independence of
           the Director in accordance with the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, subject to any amendments as may be
           made by the Stock Exchange from time to time; and

     (6)   the Board deliberates and decides on the appointment based upon the recommendation of the Committee.


     Re-Election of Director at General Meeting
     The Nomination Committee shall review the overall contribution and service to the Company of the retiring Director including
     his/her attendance of Board meetings and, where applicable, general meetings of the Company, and the level of participation
     and performance on the Board. The Nomination Committee shall also review and determine whether the retiring Director
     continues to meet the criteria as set out in the selection criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board shall then make
     recommendation to shareholders of the Company in respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting of
     the Company.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019       23


                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
According to the Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”)
should be separate and performed by different individuals to ensure a balance of power and authority so that power is not
concentrated in any one individual. Mr. Tung was the chairman of the Board throughout the year ended 31 December 2019.
During the year ended 31 December 2019, the responsibilities of the CEO were shared amongst the Executive Directors.


Board Committees
The Board has established three board committees (the “Board Committees”), namely the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
Committee and the Nomination Committee, with defined terms of reference explaining their respective roles and the authority
delegated by the Board. These defined terms of reference are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The Board Committees are provided with sufficient resources to perform their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to
seek independent professional advice, at the Company’s expenses.


Audit Committee
The Company established an Audit Committee on 19 June 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 3.21
to 3.24 of the Listing Rules and paragraph C.3 of the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules. The written terms
of reference of the Audit Committee (amended and approved by the Board on 23 October 2019) are available on the website of
the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The Audit Committee comprises of three INEDs, namely Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement, Mr. Loo Yau Soon and Mr. Twoon Wai Man,
Benjamin. Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement is the chairman of the Audit Committee who has appropriate professional qualifications
and experience in accounting matters.

The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment and removal
of the external auditors, review financial statements and oversee the internal control and risk management procedures and
systems of the Group.
24   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     During the year ended 31 December 2019, five meetings have been held by the Audit Committee, at which the Audit Committee
     reviewed, amongst other matters, the revised Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee incorporating the amendments to the
     GEM Listing Rules which become effective on 1 January 2019, the Group’s annual report for the year ended 31 December 2018,
     the unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended 31 March 2019, the interim period ended 30 June
     2019 and the Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee which become effective after the transfer of listing from GEM to the
     Main Board.

     The attendance record of each member at the Audit Committee Meetings held during the year is set out below:

     Name of Directors                               Number of Attendance/Number of Audit Committee Meeting

     Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                         5/5
     Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                                                5/5
     Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin                                                     5/5

     There was no disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee during the year.

     At the Audit Committee Meeting held on 20 March 2020, all the members of the Audit Committee reviewed the Company’s
     audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019, including the accounting principles and practice
     adopted by the Group, the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report, the
     effectiveness of the Group’s internal control and risk management systems and recommended to the Board for consideration
     the reappointment of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the Company’s independent external auditors at the forthcoming Annual
     General Meeting. The Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cost significant
     doubt upon the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern basis.


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 19 June 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with
     Rules 3.25 to 3.27 of the Listing Rules and paragraph B.1 of the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules. The
     written terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee (amended and approved by the Board on 23 October 2019) are
     available on the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration
     policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group, review performance-based remuneration and
     ensure none of the Directors determine their own remuneration.

     The Remuneration Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Loo Yau Soon (Chairman), Mr. Hung Ka Hai
     Clement and Mr. Tung Chi Fung.

     During the year ended 31 December 2019, three meetings have been held by the Remuneration Committee, which reviewed
     the revised Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee incorporating the amendments to the GEM Listing Rules which
     become effective on 1 January 2019, the remuneration of Directors and senior management for the year ended 31 December
     2018 and the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee which become effective after the transfer of listing from GEM
     to the Main Board.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019       25


                                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The attendance record of each member at the Remuneration Committee Meeting held during the year is set out below:

Name of Directors                          Number of Attendance/Number of Remuneration Committee Meeting

Mr. Loo Yau Soon                                                               3/3
Mr. Tung Chi Fung                                                              3/3
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                        3/3

Apart from the meeting mentioned above, the Company did not hold any Remuneration Committee Meeting during the year.


Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 19 June 2017 with written terms of reference in compliance with
paragraph A.5 of the CG Code and Corporate Governance Report as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules. The written
terms of reference of the Nomination Committee (amended and approved by the Board on 23 October 2019) are available on
the website of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

The Nomination Committee currently consists of three members, namely Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman), Mr. Hung Ka Hai,
Clement and Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to (i) review the structure, size and composition of the Board on a regular
basis; (ii) identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; (iii) assess the independence of INEDs; (iv) make
recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relation to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors; and (v) review
the board diversity policy, as appropriate, review the measurable objectives that the Board has set for implementing the board
diversity policy, and progress on achieving the objectives, and make recommendations to the Board on any of the aforesaid
matters, and make disclosure of its review results in the Corporate Governance Report of the Company annually.

During the year ended 31 December 2019, three meetings have been held by the Nomination Committee to review the
revised the Board Diversity Policy, the Board Nomination Policy and the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee
incorporating the amendments to the GEM Listing Rules which become effective on 1 January 2019, to review the structure,
size and composition of the Board, to assess the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors to determine their
eligibility and review the diversity policy of the Board, and to review the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee
which become effective after the transfer of listing from GEM to the Main Board.

The attendance record of each member at the Nomination Committee Meeting held during the year is set out below:

Name of Directors                           Number of Attendance/Number of Nomination Committee Meeting

Mr. Tung Chi Fung                                                              3/3
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                                                        3/3
Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin                                                    3/3

Save as the above, the Company did not hold any other Nomination Committee Meeting during the year.
26   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Dividend Policy
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy that aims to provide the guidelines for the Board to determine whether dividends
     are to be declared and paid to the Shareholders and the level of dividend to be paid. Under the dividend policy, in deciding
     whether to propose a dividend and in determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account, among others,

     (1)   the Group’s actual and expected financial performance;

     (2)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

     (3)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

     (4)   the Group’s liquidity position;

     (5)   interest of shareholders;

     (6)   taxation consideration;

     (7)   potential effect on creditworthiness;

     (8)   the general economic conditions and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on the business or
           financial performance and position of the Group; and

     (9)   any other factors that the Board deems appropriate.

     The declaration and payment of dividends by the Company shall remain to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board and
     is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the Listing Rules, the laws of Hong Kong and
     the Company’s Memorandum and Articles of Association and any other applicable laws and regulations. The Company does not
     have any pre-determined dividend distribution ratio. The Company’s dividend distribution record in the past may not be used as
     a reference or basis to determine the level of dividends that may be declared or paid by the Company in the future.

     The Company will continually review the dividend policy and reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to update,
     amend and/or modify the dividend policy at any time, and the dividend policy shall in no way constitute a legally binding
     commitment by the Company that dividends will be paid in any particular amount and/or in no way obligate the Company to
     declare a dividend at any time or from time to time.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019        27


                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Particulars of the Directors’ remuneration and the 5 highest paid employees for the Financial Year are set out in Note 13 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than the
Directors) for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 by band is set out below:


                                                                                                                     Number of
 Remuneration band                                                                                                   individuals

 Nil to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                            3
 HK$1,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                                                                   3
 HK$3,000,001 to and above                                                                                                      3


Auditors’ Remuneration
The Company has appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as its external auditors for the year ended 31 December 2019. Details of
the fees paid/payable to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                       RMB’000

Audit services                                                                                                             2,520
Review of interim financial information                                                                                      400

Subtotal                                                                                                                   2,920
Others                                                                                                                     2,710

Total                                                                                                                      5,630



Financial Reporting
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of financial statements for the relevant accounting period
which give a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In preparing the financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019, the Directors have applied all the applicable accounting policies, adopted the
appropriate accounting standards and prepared the accounts on a going concern basis.

The Board is not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The responsibilities of the Group’s external auditors, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 42 to 47 of this Annual Report.
28   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




     Company Secretary
     Mr. Wang Zheng was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 29 November 2019. Mr. Wang had been
     informed of the requirement of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules and he confirmed that he had attained no less than 15 hours of
     relevant professional training during the year ended 31 December 2019.

     Mr. Lo Wai Hung resigned as the company secretary of the Company on the same day. After the resignation, Mr. Lo continues
     to act as chief financial officer of the Company.


     Shareholders’ Rights
     Procedures for shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
     Pursuant to article 64 of the articles of association of the Company, an EGM shall be convened on the requisition of one or
     more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the
     company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Company
     Secretary for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such
     requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit,
     the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner,
     and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
     requisitionist(s) by the Company.


     Procedures for shareholders to send enquiries to the Board
     Shareholders can direct their questions to Tricor Investor Services Limited, the Company’s branch registrar and transfer office in
     Hong Kong, about their shareholdings.

     Shareholders may also raise quests, request for publicly available information provide comments and suggestions to the Directors
     and management of the Company. Such questions, requests, comments and suggestions can be addressed to the Company
     by post to the Company’s office in Hong Kong at “Room 4202, 42/F, Tower 1, Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Admiralty, Hong
     Kong”or via email to ir@shengyecapital.com for the attention of the Company Secretary.


     Procedures for shareholders to put forward proposals at shareholders’
     meetings
     There are no provisions allowing shareholders to move new resolutions at the general meetings under the Companies Law
     (Revised) of Cayman Islands. However, pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, shareholders who wish to move a
     resolution may by means of requisition convene an EGM following the procedures set out above.


     Constitutional Documents
     There was no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 December 2019. A copy of the
     memorandum and articles of association has been posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019        29


                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Investor Relation
To ensure timely, transparent and accurate communications between the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”)
and the Company, information is communicated to the Shareholders mainly through the Company’s interim reports and annual
reports, annual and extraordinary general meetings, as well as circulars and announcements published on the website of the
Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and on the Company’s website (www.shengyecapital.com).

The annual general meetings and other general meetings of the Company are the primary communication forum between the
Company and the Shareholders. Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings physically or to appoint proxies
to attend vote at such meetings for and on their behalf it they are unable to attend.

Board meetings, in particular, the chairman of the Board Committees or their delegates, appropriate senior executives and the
external auditors will attend the general meetings to answer the Shareholders’ questions.

The chairman of the general meetings will propose to vote the resolutions (except resolutions which relate purely to procedural
or administrative matters) by poll in accordance with the articles of association of the Company. Scrutineer will be appointed for
the vote-taking at the general meetings and the voting results will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.
hkexnews.hk) and on the Company’s website (www.shengyecapital.com) subsequent to the close of the general meetings.


Risk Management and Internal Control
The Board recognises its responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing to take in
achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Group conducts periodic review on the overall adequacy and
effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, which cover financial, operational and compliance
controls, to safeguard the Shareholders’ investment and the Group’s assets. A system of risk management and internal control
procedures are designed to manage, but not eliminate, the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide
reasonable but not absolute assurance against the risk of material misstatement, fraud or loss.

The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee its responsibility (with relevant authorities) of risk management and
internal control. Consequently, the Audit Committee is responsible for the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk
management and internal control systems. The management would report to the Audit Committee any identified deficiencies
from time to time.

The Board, through the Audit Committee, reviews the risk management and internal controls annually. The Audit Committee has
conducted a review of, and is satisfied with the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk management and internal control systems
for the year ended 31 December 2019.


Handling and Dissemination of Inside Information
The Company has established and maintained procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside
information. The Company has adopted a code of conduct for dealing in the securities of the Company by the Directors in
accordance with provisions set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules. Other employees of the Group who are likely to be
in possession of inside information of the Company are also subject to dealing restrictions. Any inside information and any
information which may potentially constitute inside information is promptly identified, assessed and escalated to the Board and
for the Board to decide on the need for disclosure. Inside information and other information which is required to be disclosed
pursuant to the Listing Rules will be announced on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company in due
course.
30   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are pleased to present the annual report and the audited consolidated financial
     statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “Reporting Period”).


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the provision of
     factoring services in the PRC. Further discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies
     Ordinance, including a review of the Group’ s business, a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group as
     well as an indication of likely future development in the Group’ s business, can be found in the chairman’ s statement and the
     Management Discussion and Analysis of this annual report. The discussion forms part of this report of the Directors. There were
     no significant changes in the nature of the principal activities of the Group during the year.


     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the Group’s financial performance for the last five financial years are set out on page 2 of this annual report. This
     summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out on pages 48 to 166 of this annual report.

     The directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK5.3 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December
     2019 (for the year ended 31 December 2018: HK4 cents per ordinary share).


     SUBSIDIARIES
     Details of our Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2019 are set out in note 37 to the financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE OPTION
     Details of movements in the share capital and share options of the Company during the year are set out in notes 30 and 32,
     respectively, to the financial statements.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2019 are set out in note 41 to the
     consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019        31


                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT




MAJOR CUSTOMERS
For the year ended 31 December 2019, the percentage of revenue attributable to the Group’s major customers is set out below:

 Revenue

 – The largest customer                                                                                                        8.4%
 – The total of five largest customers                                                                                      36.3%

As far as the Directors aware, neither the Directors nor their associates nor any shareholders (which to the knowledge of
Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interest in the five largest customers of the Group.


USE OF PROCEEDS
The Company completed placing of shares on 11 July 2018. Please refer to the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section in
this annual report for more details of the use of proceeds as at 31 December 2019.


DIRECTORS AND SERVICE CONTRACTS
As at 31 December 2019 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprises of two Executive Directors and four INEDs,
details are as follows:


Executive Directors
Mr. Tung Chi Fung (Chairman)

Mr. Chen Jen-Tse


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement

Mr. Loo Yau Soon

Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin

Mr. Fong Heng Boo

Biographical information of each of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographies of the Directors” of this Annual
Report.

All Directors are appointed for a specific term under their service contracts and every Director is subject to retirement by rotation
and re-election at an annual general meeting at least once every three years in accordance with the articles of association.
32   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     Each of the Directors has been appointed for a fixed term of three years and shall be subject to retirement, re-election and
     removal in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract with the Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not
     determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


     DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND
     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Related Party Transaction - Exempted Continuing Connected Transactions” in page 40
     of this annual report and note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, there were no transaction, arrangement, or contract
     of significance in relation to the Group’ s business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries or its
     holding companies was a party and in which any Director or any entities connected with a Director, the controlling Shareholder,
     the substantial Shareholders had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
     during the year.


     CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as those disclosed in this annual report, there was no other contract of significance between the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries and any controlling shareholder of the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the year.


     COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     During the year, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied with all the relevant laws and regulations that
     have a significant impact on the Group.


     RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     Employees are the assets of the Group. The Group provides competitive remuneration package and a pleasant workplace
     environment to attract and motivate the employees. An annual performance evaluation will be conducted annually based on
     individual’s contributions and achievements throughout the year and the Group will make necessary adjustments based on
     the result of the performance evaluation. The Group provides periodical trainings for staff to keep them abreast of the latest
     developments in the market and industry, in the form of both internal trainings and trainings provided by experts from external
     organisations.

     The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its business partners, including the customers,
     banks and other financial institutions. The Group believes that a healthy relationship can be built up by providing enhanced
     services to the customers, maintaining an effective communication channel to the employees and its business partners.

     The Group engaged professional services on investor relationship from service provider for advising and promoting professional
     communication with existing and potential investors.


     PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
     The movements in the Group’s property and equipment for the year are set out in note 16 to the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019              33


                                                                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT




INTANGIBLE ASSETS
The movements in the Group’s intangible assets for the year are set out in note 17 to the financial statements.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’ s listed securities during
the year ended 31 December 2019.


CHARITABLE DONATIONS
The Group’s external charitable donations for the year amounted to RMB2.0 million (2018: RMB1.8 million).


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR
ANY ASSOCIATED CORPORATION
As at 31 December 2019, the interests or short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests or short positions which they have taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which were required,
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to
provisions set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:


Interest in the Company
                                                                                                      Number and class                            Percentage of
     Name of Director                        Capacity/nature of interest                       of securities interested                            shareholding

     Mr. Tung Chi Fung                       Beneficiary of a trust and                        555,000,000 (L) (Note 2)                                    63.05%
       (“Mr. Tung”) (Note 1)                    settlor of a discretionary trust

     Mr. Chen Jen-Tse                        Share option                                             3,000,000 (Note 3)                                     0.34%

     Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                 Share option                                                200,000 (Note 3)                                    0.02%

     Mr. Loo Yau Soon                        Share option                                                200,000 (Note 3)                                    0.02%

     Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin Share option                                                            200,000 (Note 3)                                    0.02%
Notes:

1.       Wisdom Cosmos Limited (“Wisdom Cosmos”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), is the beneficial owner of 555,000,000 shares of the
         Company, representing approximately 63.05% shareholding interests in the Company. The entire issued share capital of Wisdom Cosmos is owned by Eander
         Limited (“Eander”), a company incorporated in the BVI, which is in turn wholly owned by TMF (Cayman) Ltd (“TMF Trust”), trustee of the Pak Jeff Trust (“PJ
         Trust”), an irrevocable reserved power trust established by Mr. Tung. Mr. Tung and his family members are the beneficiaries of the PJ Trust. Under the SFO, Mr.
         Tung, TMF Trust and Eander are deemed to be interested in all the shares of the Company registered in the name of Wisdom Cosmos.
34   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     2.       The letter “L” denotes long position of the shares of the Company.

     3.       This refers to the number of underlying Shares covered by its share option scheme.


     Save as disclosed herein, as at 31 December 2019, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their associates (as
     defined in the Listing Rules) had any interests and short positions in any shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company
     or any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company
     and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which each of
     them has taken or deemed to have taken under the provisions of the SFO); or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of
     the SFO, to be entered into the register referred to therein; or which were required, pursuant to provisions set out in Appendix
     10 of the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.


     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
     SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF
     THE COMPANY
     As at 31 December 2019, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons, not being Directors or chief executive of
     the Company had, or were deemed to have, interests or short position in the shares or underlying shares which would fall to be
     disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO; or who is directly or indirectly, to be
     interested in 5% or more of issued share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any member
     of the Group:

                                                                                                      Number and class of
                                                                                                       securities interested                         Percentage of
          Name                                    Capacity/nature of interest                                            (Note 1)                     shareholding

          TMF Trust (Note 2)                      Trustee                                                      555,000,000 (L)                                63.05%

          Eander (Note 2)                         Interest in a controlled corporation                         555,000,000 (L)                                63.05%

          Wisdom Cosmos (Note 2)                  Beneficial owner                                             555,000,000 (L)                                63.05%
     Notes:

     1.       The letter “L” denotes long position of the shares of the Company.

     2.       Wisdom Cosmos, a company incorporated in the BVI, is the beneficial owner of 555,000,000 shares of the Company, representing approximately 63.05%
              shareholding interests in the Company. The entire issued share capital of Wisdom Cosmos is owned by Eander, a company incorporated in the BVI, which is in
              turn wholly owned by TMF Trust, trustee of the PJ Trust, an irrevocable reserved power trust established by Mr. Tung. Mr. Tung and his family members are the
              beneficiaries of the PJ Trust. Under the SFO, Mr. Tung, TMF Trust and Eander are deemed to be interested in all the shares of the Company registered in the
              name of Wisdom Cosmos.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, the Directors are not aware of any other person, other than the Directors
     and the chief executive of the Company who had, or was deemed to have, interest or short position in the shares or underlying
     shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of
     the SFO; or who is directly or indirectly, to be interested in 5% or more of the issued share capital carrying rights to vote in all
     circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the Group or options in respect of such share capital.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019        35


                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT




SHARE OPTION SCHEME
The share option scheme was adopted by the shareholders of the Company and was effective on 6 July 2017 (the “Share
Option Scheme”).


(a) Purpose of the Share Option Scheme
      The Share Option Scheme enables the Company to grant options to subscribe for Shares granted pursuant to the Share
      Option Scheme (the “Options”) to any full-time or part-time employee of the Company or any member of the Group,
      including any Executive, Non-executive Directors and Independent Non-executive Directors, advisors, consultants,
      professionals, customers, suppliers, agents or partners of the Company or any of the subsidiaries (“Eligible Persons”) as
      incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group.


(b) Who may join and basis of eligibility
      The Board may, at its discretion, invite any Eligible Persons to take up Options at a price calculated in accordance with sub-
      paragraph (d) below. Upon acceptance of the Option, the Eligible Person shall pay HK$1.00 to the Company by way of
      consideration for the grant. The Option will be offered for acceptance for a period of not less than 28 days from the date
      on which the Option is granted. The basis of eligibility of any participant to the grant of any option shall be determined
      by the Board (or as the case may be, the Independent Non-executive Directors) from time to time on the basis of his
      contribution or potential contribution to the development and growth of the Group.


(c)   Grant of Option
      Any grant of Options must not be made after a price sensitive event has occurred or a price sensitive matter has been
      the subject of a decision until such price sensitive information has been announced in accordance with the requirements
      of the Listing Rules. In particular, during the period commencing one month immediately preceding the earlier of (a) the
      date of the Board meeting (as such date is first notified to the Stock Exchange in accordance with the Listing Rules) for
      the approval of the Company’s results for any year, half-year period or any other interim period (whether or not required
      under the Listing Rules), and (b) the deadline for the Company to publish an report of its results for any year, half-year
      period or any interim period (whether or not required under the Listing Rules), and ending on the date of the results
      report, no Option may be granted. The period during which no Option may be granted will cover any period of delay
      in the publication of results report. The Directors may not grant any Option to an Eligible Person during the periods or
      times in which Directors of the Company are prohibited from dealing in shares pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
      Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (Appendix 10 prescribed by the Listing Rules) or any corresponding code or
      securities dealing restrictions adopted by the Company.

      The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the Options granted to an Eligible Person who accepts
      or is deemed to have accepted the offer of any Option in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme or (where
      the context so permits) a person entitled to any such Option in consequence of the death of the original Participant (the
      “Participant”) under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes adopted by the Group from time to
      time pursuant to which options to subscribe for Shares may be granted (“Other Schemes”) (including both exercised and
      outstanding Options) in any 12-month period must not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time, and provided
      that if approved by Shareholders in general meeting with such Participant and his close associates (or his associates if the
36   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




          participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting, the Company may make a further grant of Options to such
          Participant (the “Further Grant”) notwithstanding that the Further Grant would result in the Shares issued and to be
          issued upon exercise of all Options granted and to be granted under the Share Option Scheme and Other Schemes to such
          Participant (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding Options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date
          of the Further Grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time. In relation to the Further
          Grant, the Company must send a circular to the Shareholders, which discloses the identity of the relevant Participant, the
          number and the terms of the Options to be granted (and Options previously granted to such Participant under the Share
          Option Scheme and Other Schemes) and the information required under the Listing Rules. The number and terms (including
          the exercise price) of Options which is the subject of the Further Grant shall be fixed before the relevant Shareholders’
          meeting and the date of meeting of the Board for proposing the Further Grant should be taken as the date of grant for
          the purpose of calculating the relevant subscription price.


     (d) Price of Shares
          The subscription price for the Shares subject to Options will be a price determined by the Board and notified to each
          Participant and shall be the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
          sheet on the date of grant of the Options, which must be a day on which trading of Shares take place on the Stock
          Exchange (“Trading Day”); (ii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations
          sheets for the five Trading Days immediately preceding the date of grant of the Options; and (iii) the nominal value of a
          Share. For the purpose of calculating the subscription price, in the event that on the date of grant, the Company has been
          listed for less than five Trading Days, the Offer Price shall be used as the closing price for any Trading Day falling within the
          period before the Listing Date.


     (e) Maximum number of Shares

          (i)    The total number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all Options to be granted under the Share
                 Option Scheme and Other Schemes must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date
                 (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) provided that Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the Shares Option
                 Scheme or Other Scheme will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit. On the basis
                 of 740,000,000 Shares in issue on the Listing Date, the Scheme Mandate Limit will be equivalent to 74,000,000
                 Shares, representing 10% of the Shares in issue as at the Listing Date and approximately 8.41% of the Shares in
                 issue as at the date of this report.


          (ii)   Subject to the approval of Shareholders in general meeting, the Company may renew the Scheme Mandate Limit to
                 the extent that the total number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all Options to be granted under the
                 Share Option Scheme and Other Schemes under the Scheme Mandate Limit as renewed must not exceed 10% of
                 the Shares in issue as at the date of such Shareholders’ approval provided that Options previously granted under the
                 Share Option Scheme and Other Schemes (including those outstanding, cancelled, exercised or lapsed in accordance
                 with the terms thereof) will not be counted for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit as renewed.
                 In relation to the Shareholders’ approval referred to in this paragraph (ii), the Company shall send a circular to the
                 Shareholders containing the information required by the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019      37


                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT




      (iii)   Subject to the approval of Shareholders in general meeting, the Company may also grant Options beyond the
              Scheme Mandate Limit provided that Options in excess of the Scheme Mandate Limit are granted only to Eligible
              Persons specifically identified by the Company before such Shareholders’ approval is sought. In relation to the
              Shareholders’ approval referred to in this paragraph (iii), the Company shall send a circular to the Shareholders
              containing a generic description of the identified Eligible Persons, the number and terms of the Options to be
              granted, the purpose of granting Options to the identified Eligible Persons, an explanation as to how the terms of
              such Options serve the intended purpose and such other information required by the Listing Rules.


      (iv)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may not grant any Options if the number of Shares which may be
              issued upon exercise of all outstanding Options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and
              Other Schemes exceeds 30% of the Shares in issue from time to time.


(f)   Time of exercise of Option
      An Option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to
      be determined and notified by the Board to each Participant provided that the period within which the Option must be
      exercised shall not be more than 10 years from the date of the grant of Option. The exercise of an Option may be subject
      to the achievement of performance target and/or any other conditions to be notified by the Board to each Participant,
      which the Board may in its absolute discretion determine.

On 11 September 2017, the Company granted 12,620,000 share options to a director and the employees of the Group to
subscribe for the ordinary shares of the Company with an exercise price of HK$4.20 per share and for a validity period of 5 years.
Among the share options granted, 2,000,000 granted options were granted to Mr. Chen Jen-Tse, an Executive Director of the
Company.

On 14 November 2018, the Company granted 8,970,000 share options to the directors, employees and other eligible persons
of the Group to subscribe for the ordinary shares of the Company with an exercise price of HK$6.90 per share and for a validity
period of 5 years. Among the share options granted, 1,000,000 share options were granted to Mr. Chen Jen-Tse, an Executive
Director of the Company. Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement, Mr. Loo Yau Soon and Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin, the INEDs of the
Company, were granted 200,000 share options each (600,000 share options in total).

The grant of granted options to the above Director has been approved by the INEDs pursuant to the Listing Rules. Save as
disclosed above, none of the other grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder (as defined under the Listing
Rules) of the Company or any of their respective associate(s) (as defined under the Listing Rules) as at the date of grant.
38   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The following shows the outstanding position as at 31 December 2019 with respect to their granted options granted under the
     Share Option Scheme:

                                                                                            Outstanding        Granted        Exercised       Forfeited Outstanding at
                                                       Exercise                             at 1 January         during          during          during 31 December
                                    Date of grant         price Exercise period                     2019       the year        the year        the year          2019

     Mr. Chen Jen-Tse           11 September 2017      HK$4.20 11/9/2018-10/9/2022              500,000              —                —               —         500,000
                                                               11/9/2019-10/9/2022              500,000              —                —               —         500,000
                                                               11/9/2020-10/9/2022            1,000,000              —                —               —       1,000,000

                                                                                              2,000,000              —                —               —       2,000,000


     Employees                  11 September 2017      HK$4.20 11/9/2018-10/9/2022            1,958,500              —     (897,500) (Note)          —        1,061,000
                                                               11/9/2019-10/9/2022            2,315,000              —     (578,000) (Note)    (130,000)      1,607,000
                                                               11/9/2020-10/9/2022            4,630,000              —                —        (860,000)      3,770,000

                                                                                              8,903,500              —       (1,475,500)       (990,000)      6,438,000


     Mr. Chen Jen-Tse           14 November 2018       HK$6.90 14/11/2019-13/11/2023            250,000              —                —               —        250,000
                                                               14/11/2020-13/11/2023            250,000              —                —               —        250,000
                                                               14/11/2021-13/11/2023            500,000              —                —               —        500,000

                                                                                              1,000,000              —                —               —       1,000,000


     Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement    14 November 2018       HK$6.90 14/11/2019-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
                                                               14/11/2020-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
                                                               14/11/2021-13/11/2023            100,000              —                —               —        100,000

                                                                                                200,000              —                —               —        200,000


     Mr. Loo Yau Soon           14 November 2018       HK$6.90 14/11/2019-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
                                                               14/11/2020-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
                                                               14/11/2021-13/11/2023            100,000              —                —               —        100,000

                                                                                                200,000              —                —               —        200,000


     Mr. Twoon Wai Mun,         14 November 2018       HK$6.90 14/11/2019-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
      Benjamin                                                 14/11/2020-13/11/2023             50,000              —                —               —         50,000
                                                               14/11/2021-13/11/2023            100,000              —                —               —        100,000

                                                                                                200,000              —                —               —        200,000


     Employees and other        14 November 2018       HK$6.90 14/11/2019-13/11/2023          1,842,500              —                —        (336,250)      1,506,250
       eligible persons                                        14/11/2020-13/11/2023          1,842,500              —                —        (336,250)      1,506,250
                                                               14/11/2021-13/11/2023          3,685,000              —                —        (672,500)      3,012,500

                                                                                              7,370,000              —                —       (1,345,000)     6,025,000


     Note: The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the options were exercised during the period was HK$4.20 per share.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019        39


                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




During the year ended 31 December 2019, i) 16,063,000 granted options were outstanding under the Share Option Scheme;
ii) 1,475,500 granted options were exercised; iii) 2,335,000 granted options were lapsed; and iv) no granted options were
cancelled.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY
Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all liabilities (to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Ordinance)
which he may incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto. The Company has taken
out insurance against all liabilities associated with defending any proceedings which may be brought against Directors and other
officers of the Company.


COMPLIANCE OF NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKINGS
Mr. Tung, TMF Trust, Eander and Wisdom Cosmos, the controlling shareholders of the Company (the “Covenantors”, each a
“Covenantor”) executed the deed of non-competition undertaking dated 19 June 2017 in favour of the Company (for itself and
as trustee for the subsidiaries of the Company (the “Subsidiaries”)) (the “Deed of Non-Competition”).

In accordance with the Deed of Non-Competition, the Covenantors irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to the Company,
for itself and as trustee for and on behalf of the Subsidiaries, that they will not, and will use their best endeavours to procure
any Covenantor, their respective close associates (collectively, the “Controlled Persons”) and any company directly or indirectly
controlled by the respective Covenantor (the “Controlled Company”) not to, either on its own or in conjunction with any body
corporate, partnership, joint venture or other contractual agreement, whether directly or indirectly, whether for profit or not,
carry on, participate in, hold, engage in, acquire or operate, or provide any form of assistance to any person, firm or company
(except members of the Group) to conduct any business which, directly or indirectly, competes or is likely to compete with the
business of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries in Hong Kong, the PRC and such other places as the Company or any of the
Subsidiaries may conduct or carry on business from time to time, including but not limited to providing commercial factoring,
credit guarantee and accounts receivable management services (the “Restricted Business”).

Further, the Covenantors irrevocably and unconditionally undertake to the Company, for itself and as trustee for and on behalf
of the Subsidiaries, that if any Covenantor and/or any Controlled Company is offered or becomes aware of any business
opportunity directly or indirectly to engage in or own a Restricted Business (the “New Business Opportunity”): (a) it shall
within 10 days notify the Company of such New Business Opportunity in writing and refer the same to the Company for
consideration, and shall provide the relevant information to the Company in order to enable us to make an informed assessment
of such opportunity; and (b) it shall not, and shall procure that its Controlled Persons or Controlled Companies not to, invest
or participate in any project and New Business Opportunity, unless such project and New Business Opportunity shall have been
rejected by the Company and the principal terms of which the Covenantor or his Controlled Persons or Controlled Companies
invest or participate in are no more favourable than those made available to the Company.

For further details of the Deed of Non-Competition, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling
Shareholders — Non-Competition Undertakings” in the prospectus of the Company dated 26 June 2017.
40   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT




     The Covenantors had continued to uphold, among others, their undertaking by allowing the Company and its representatives to
     have access to such information, financial and/or corporate records to facilitate the Company to determine the compliance of the
     undertakings contained in the Deed of Non-Competition from the Listing Date up to the date of the Annual Report.

     Each of the Covenantors has confirmed to the Company of his/her/its compliance with the Deed of Non-Competition from the
     Listing Date up to the date of this report. The Independent Non-executive Directors have reviewed the status of compliance and
     confirmed that all the undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition have been complied by each of the Covenantors from
     the Listing Date to the date of this report.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION
     Exempted Continuing Connected Transactions
     The Directors confirmed that the tenancy agreement (the “Tenancy Agreement“) entered into by the Group with Bondlink
     Investment Limited (“Bondlink”) which is a connected person, constituted continuing connected transactions of the Group
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     On 12 April 2018, Bondlink as lessor and one of the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company as lessee entered into a Tenancy
     Agreement for the leasing of the property located at "Room 4202, 42th Floor, Tower 1, Lippo Centre, No.89 Queensway, Hong
     Kong" for a term of two years commencing from 16 April 2018 to 15 April 2020 (both days inclusive) at a monthly rent of
     HK$166,320 exclusive of building management fee, government rates and government rent. The aggregate of the management
     fee, government rates and government rent is currently HK$18,939 in total per month and subject to review from time to time.

     As the applicable percentage ratios under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (other than the profit ratio) for the Tenancy
     Agreement on an annual basis exceed 0.1% but are less than 5% and the annual amount payable by the Group under the
     Tenancy Agreement will be less than HK$3 million, the continuing connected transactions contemplated thereunder are fully
     exempt from all annual review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval (including independent
     financial advisor) requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Save for the transactions disclosed under “Exempted Continuing Connected Transactions”, details of the related party
     transactions entered into by the Group are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, which do not constitute
     notifiable connected transactions under the Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in
     accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of
     this report, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued Shares was held by the public throughout the financial year ended 31
     December 2019 and thereafter up to the date of this report.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019      41


                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT




ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Group is committed to sustainable development of the environment and our society. The Group works to advance
environmental and social progress and conduct business in a way that creates value for its clients and employees. The Group
complies with all relevant environmental regulations and practice “Reduce, Reuse and Recycle” with the following initiatives:

•     Promotes the knowledge of environmental protection to staff and advocates to sort their trash into separate bins.

•     Implement paperless documentation by application of electronic documents and encourage double-sided printing and
      recycling paper. Reduce printing of paper materials and paper consumption.

•     Maintain suitable indoor temperature and clean regularly the air conditioners and the ventilation system to reduce
      electricity usage.

The Group proactively promote the spirit of corporate social responsibility within the Company by sponsoring charitable events,
making donation and participating in community activities. The Group through this kind of events, aspires to giving back from
its employees, foster positive relationships between its employees and the communities by caring for and helping the needy.


REVIEW OF THE FINAL RESULTS BY AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement (Chairman), Mr. Twoon Wai Mun, Benjamin
and Mr. Loo Yau Soon, all of them being INEDs.

The Group’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 and this annual report have been
reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Board is of the opinion that such financial information has been prepared in compliance
with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal requirements,
and that adequate disclosures have been made.


INTERESTS OF THE COMPLIANCE ADVISER
The Company appointed Dakin Capital Limited (“Dakin Capital”) to be the compliance adviser. As informed by Dakin Capital,
except for the compliance adviser agreement between the Company and Dakin Capital, neither Dakin Capital nor any of its
directors or employees or associates, has or may have, any interest in the share capital of the Company or any member of the
Group (including options or rights to subscribe for such securities), which is required to be notified to the Company pursuant to
Rule 3A.07 of the Listing Rules.


AUDITOR
A resolution will be submitted to the annual general meeting to re-appoint Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the
Company.

                                                                                                      By order of the Board of
                                                                                                    Sheng Ye Capital Limited
                                                                                                          Tung Chi Fung
                                                                                                             Chairman

Hong Kong, 20 March 2020
42   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF SHENG YE CAPITAL LIMITED
     盛業資本有限公司
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Sheng Ye Capital Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
     (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 48 to 166, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
     consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
     consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
     as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
     in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
     Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
     for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
     We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
     financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
     statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019        43


                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matters (continued)
Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of factoring assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
We identified the impairment of factoring assets at FVTOCI as        Our procedures in relation to the impairment of factoring
a key audit matter due to its significance to the consolidated       assets at FVTOCI included:
financial statements, and the use of judgement by the
                                                                     •     Obtaining an understanding from the management
management in evaluating the expected credit losses (“ECL”)
                                                                           of the procedures in place for credit risk approval
on factoring assets at FVTOCI which are subject to impairment
                                                                           and monitoring of factoring assets at FVTOCI and
under HKFRS 9.
                                                                           management’s assessment of the ultimate realisation
As set out in note 20 to the consolidated financial statements,            of factoring assets at FVTOCI;
the carrying amount of factoring assets at FVTOCI is
                                                                     •     Obtaining an understanding of management’s
RMB3,837,348,000 as at 31 December 2019. This carrying
                                                                           methodology for determining the ECL impairment
amount represented approximately 86% of the total assets. The
                                                                           allowance on factoring assets at FVTOCI and assessing
impairment allowance in respect of factoring assets at FVTOCI is
                                                                           the appropriateness of the methodology used by
RMB46,334,000.
                                                                           management;
Factoring assets at FVTOCI are assessed for impairment by
                                                                     •     On a sample basis, evaluating management’s
the management. In determining the impairment of factoring
                                                                           assessment of the credit quality of the factoring assets
assets at FVTOCI, the management considers shared credit risk
                                                                           at FVTOCI by examining the credit files, including
characteristics for grouping, and assesses credit losses based on
                                                                           financial condition of the borrower, past collection
external or internal credit rating, and on a forward-looking basis
                                                                           history, subsequent settlement, relevant deposits
with the use of appropriate models and assumptions relate to
                                                                           received, pledge and guarantees, as applicable;
the future macroeconomic conditions and creditworthiness.
                                                                     •     Assessing the reasonableness of key inputs and
                                                                           assumptions applied, including the Group’s past
                                                                           experience of collecting payments, historical loss ratio,
                                                                           macroeconomic factors, external or internal credit
                                                                           rating and forward-looking information; and

                                                                     •     Testing the data inputs and the mathematical accuracy
                                                                           of the impairment allowance calculation.
44   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Key Audit Matters (continued)
     Key audit matter                                                    How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Derecognition of factoring assets at FVTOCI
     We identified derecognition of factoring assets at FVTOCI as        Our procedures in relation to derecognition of factoring
     a key audit matter due to its significance to the consolidated      assets at FVTOCI included:
     financial statements and the assessment relating to derecognition
                                                                         •     Obtaining an understanding of the process and
     of factoring assets at FVTOCI involving significant judgment from
                                                                               relevant controls over the transfers of factoring
     the management.
                                                                               assets at FVTOCI, including the contractual terms of
     As set out in notes 4 and 7 to the consolidated financial                 the transactions, authorisation, asset selection, and
     statements, the Group generated a gain on sales of factoring              approval processes, as well as the review and approval
     assets at FVTOCI of RMB156,242,000 which contributed                      of management’s assessment on derecognition of
     approximately 26% of the income from factoring and other                  factoring assets at FVTOCI;
     services for the year ended 31 December 2019.
                                                                         •     Obtaining from management the agreements for all
     In determining derecognition of factoring assets at FVTOCI, the           transfers during the year and evaluating whether the
     management analysed the contractual rights and obligations                transfers of the factoring assets at FVTOCI meet the
     in connection with such transfers, and assessed the extent to             derecognition criteria; and
     which the associated risks and rewards of ownership were
                                                                         •     On a sample basis, checking transaction documents
     transferred to determine whether the derecognition criteria
                                                                               and testing the cash received from sales of the
     were met. Where necessary, the Group assessed whether it had
                                                                               factoring assets.
     relinquished its control over the transferred factoring assets at
     FVTOCI to determine whether the derecognition criteria were
     met.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019       45


                                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the
Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion solely to you,
as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance,
but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.
46   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
     Statements (continued)
     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
           error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
           appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
           higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
           or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
           in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
           disclosures made by the directors of the Company.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors of the Company’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
           based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,
           we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
           or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up
           to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
           going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
           and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
           achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
           the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
           and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019       47


                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements (continued)
We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters.
We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when,
in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chong Kwok Shing.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


20 March 2020
48   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                             NOTES      2019        2018
                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000

      Revenue                                                  6
         Interest income from factoring service                      429,214     308,484
         Income from other services                                   21,207      37,412

      Total revenue                                                  450,421     345,896
      Gain on sales of factoring assets                        7     156,242     124,548

      Income from factoring and other services                       606,663     470,444

      Other income                                            8(a)    37,953      17,796
      Other gains and losses                                  8(b)       (166)    10,186
      Impairment losses under expected credit loss (“ECL”)
         model, net of reversal                                9      (16,960)    (17,761)
      Staff costs                                            12(a)    (69,583)    (45,447)
      Other operating expenses                                        (88,622)    (53,088)
      Donation                                                         (1,964)     (1,800)
      Share of profit of a joint venture                                1,537      1,775
      Share of profit of associates                                     4,240      4,705
      Finance costs                                           10     (110,606)    (91,156)

      Profit before taxation                                         362,492     295,654
      Taxation                                                11      (67,367)    (83,780)

      Profit for the year                                    12(a)   295,125     211,874
                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          49


                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
                                                  LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                           NOTES         2019                 2018
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000

Other comprehensive income (“OCI”):                                        12(b)

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Fair value gain, net of ECL, after reclassification of derecognition on:
  – factoring assets at fair value through OCI (“FVTOCI”)                               4,582                  794
Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently                       (984)                 (198)
Share of other comprehensive income (expense) of a joint venture,
  net of related income tax                                                                32                   (32)
Share of OCI of associates, net of related income tax                                   1,423                  835

OCI for the year, net of income tax                                                     5,053                1,399

Total comprehensive income for the year                                              300,178              213,273

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                            280,343              208,421
  – Non-controlling interests                                                         14,782                 3,453

                                                                                     295,125              211,874

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                            284,148              209,345
  – Non-controlling interests                                                         16,030                 3,928

                                                                                     300,178              213,273

Earnings per share                                                          15
  – Basic (RMB cents)                                                                      32                    26
  – Diluted (RMB cents)                                                                    32                    26
50   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     At 31 December 2019




                                                                              NOTES   31/12/2019   31/12/2018
                                                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property and equipment                                                   16          5,840       2,728
      Intangible assets                                                        17        19,960       13,467
      Right-of-use assets                                                      18        22,147            —
      Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                               20             —       18,609
      Investment in a joint venture                                           21(a)           —       27,077
      Investments in associates                                               21(b)      67,580       53,540
      Prepayments for non-current assets                                                    985        1,060
      Deferred tax assets                                                      19        11,319       20,683
      Refundable rental deposits                                                           2,788           —

                                                                                        130,619      137,164

      CURRENT ASSETS
      Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                               20      3,837,348    2,799,706
      Other financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                4,497           —
      Derivative financial instruments                                         22           751            —
      Loan receivable                                                          23          9,066      12,986
      Receivables from guarantee customers                                    24(a)        7,700           —
      Trade receivables                                                       24(b)         403            —
      Other receivables, prepayments and others                               24(c)      16,113        7,892
      Pledged structured deposit                                               25          9,000           —
      Pledged bank deposits                                                    25        86,350        8,764
      Bank balances and cash                                                   25       377,327      226,069

                                                                                       4,348,555    3,055,417

      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Loans from a related party                                              34(a)           —       10,005
      Other payables and accrued charges                                       26        73,740       55,411
      Derivative financial instruments                                         22          2,359           —
      Contract liabilities                                                                  672        2,786
      Income tax payable                                                                 29,682       77,521
      Liabilities arising from guarantee contracts                             27        12,050            —
      Borrowings                                                              28(a)    1,867,299     911,956
      Bank overdraft                                                          28(b)      17,864            —
      Lease liabilities                                                        29          6,613           —

                                                                                       2,010,279    1,057,679

      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                               2,338,276    1,997,738
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019        51


                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                          At 31 December 2019




                                                                             NOTES          31/12/2019         31/12/2018
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Lease liabilities                                                              29              15,448                  —
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                       19              35,387             18,840

                                                                                                50,835             18,840

 NET ASSETS                                                                                  2,418,060          2,116,062

 CAPITAL AND RESERVES
 Share capital                                                                  30                7,636              7,623
 Reserves                                                                                    2,281,363          2,012,558

 Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                2,288,999          2,020,181
 Non-controlling interests                                                                     129,061             95,881

 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                2,418,060          2,116,062


The consolidated financial statements on pages 48 to 166 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
20 March 2020 and are signed on its behalf by:




Mr. Tung Chi Fung                                            Mr. Chen Jen-Tse
Director                                                     Director
52   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended 31 December 2019



                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                Share
                                                                                                               based-                                            Non-
                                                            Share       Share       Capital     FVTOCI      payments     Statutory     Retained            controlling
                                                           capital   premium       reserves    reserves       reserve     reserves       profits     Total   interests      Total
                                                          RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000   RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                 (note i)                  (note ii)

     At 1 January 2018                                       6,442    917,312           —            —         2,361        21,018      158,145    1,105,278         —    1,105,278
     Adjustments of application of
       accounting policy changes                                —           —           —        (2,604)           —            —            —        (2,604)        —       (2,604)

     At 1 January 2018 (restated)                            6,442    917,312           —        (2,604)       2,361        21,018      158,145    1,102,674         —    1,102,674

     Profit for the year                                        —           —           —            —             —            —       208,421     208,421       3,453    211,874
     Other comprehensive income for the year                    —           —           —           924            —            —            —          924         475      1,399

     Total comprehensive income for the year                    —           —           —           924            —            —       208,421     209,345       3,928    213,273

     Issue of new shares from placing (note 30)              1,178    705,979           —            —             —            —            —      707,157          —     707,157
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of
       new shares from placing (note 30)                        —       (9,207)         —            —             —            —            —        (9,207)        —       (9,207)
     Transfer to PRC statutory reserves (note ii)               —           —           —            —             —        23,419      (23,419)          —          —           —
     Capital contribution by non-controlling
       interests (note iii)                                     —           —        1,547           —             —            —            —        1,547      91,953     93,500
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments         —           —           —            —         7,341            —            —        7,341          —       7,341
     Exercise of share options                                  3       1,703           —            —          (382)           —            —        1,324          —       1,324

     At 31 December 2018                                     7,623   1,615,787       1,547       (1,680)       9,320        44,437      343,147    2,020,181     95,881   2,116,062


     Profit for the year                                        —           —           —            —             —            —       280,343     280,343      14,782    295,125
     Other comprehensive income for the year                    —           —           —        3,805             —            —            —        3,805       1,248      5,053

     Total comprehensive income for the year                    —           —           —        3,805             —            —       280,343     284,148      16,030    300,178

     Transfer to PRC statutory reserves (note ii)               —           —           —            —             —        35,565      (35,565)          —          —           —
     Capital contribution by non-controlling interests          —           —           —            —             —            —            —            —      17,150      17,150
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments         —           —           —            —        10,006            —            —        10,006         —       10,006
     Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)             —      (30,905)         —            —            —             —            —       (30,905)        —      (30,905)
     Exercise of share options                                 13        7,223          —            —         (1,667)          —            —         5,569         —        5,569


     At 31 December 2019                                     7,636   1,592,105       1,547       2,125        17,659        80,002      587,925    2,288,999    129,061   2,418,060



     Notes:

     (i)      FVTOCI reserves attributable to owners of the Company represent (i) net effect of fair value changes on FVTOCI after tax; (ii) share of FVTOCI reserves of a joint
              venture and associates.

     (ii)     Pursuant to the articles of association of the subsidiaries established in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”), they are required to appropriate 10% of their
              profit after taxation in accordance with the relevant accounting rules and financial regulations of the PRC before any distribution of dividends to owners each
              year to the statutory reserves until the balance reaches 50% of their registered capital.

     (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group disposed of certain interests in four wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group, to independent third parties
              at consideration of RMB93,500,000, and retained control of the subsidiaries, with adjustment of RMB1,547,000 recognised directly in equity and attributed to
              owners of the Company. The non-controlling interests represent the net assets attributable to the non-controlling shareholders.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2019          53



      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                       NOTE         2019                 2018
                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit for the year                                                             295,125              211,874
Adjustment for:
  Taxation                                                                       67,367                83,780
  Share of profit of a joint venture                                              (1,537)               (1,775)
  Share of profit of associates                                                   (4,240)               (4,705)
  Depreciation of property and equipment                                           1,563                1,289
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              7,202                   —
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                3,641                  696
  Research and development costs recognised as an expense                             —                 7,485
  Impairment losses under ECL model, net of reversal                             16,960                17,761
  Loss on disposal of equipment                                                         5                   62
  Gain on disposal of investments in associates                                     (377)                   —
  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                    —                   (514)
  Gain from changes in fair value of other financial assets at FVTPL                  (88)                  —
  Net loss arising from changes in fair value of
     derivative financial instruments                                              1,785                    —
  Equity-settled share-based payments expense                                    10,006                 7,341
  Finance costs                                                                 110,606                91,156
  Bank interest income                                                            (2,736)               (2,003)
  Interest income from a loan receivable                                          (1,584)                 (136)
  Interest income from loan to an associate                                           (64)                (791)
  Exchange gain, net                                                              (1,178)             (10,124)

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                        502,456              401,396
Increase in factoring assets at FVTOCI                                        (1,026,331)          (1,498,916)
Increase in receivables from guarantee customers                                  (7,801)                  —
Increase in trade receivables                                                       (403)                   —
Decrease (increase) in other receivables, prepayments and others                   2,225                (5,709)
Decrease in amount due from a related party                                           —                     90
Decrease in receivables from sales of factoring assets                                 —               56,168
Decrease in security deposits for guarantee                                            —               11,821
Increase in other payables and accrued charges                                   17,460                31,556
(Decrease) increase in contract liabilities                                       (2,114)               2,786
Increase in liabilities from guarantee contracts                                 11,258                    —
Decrease in deposits from counter guarantors                                         —                (11,821)

Cash used in operations                                                        (503,250)           (1,012,629)
Enterprise Income Tax paid                                                       (90,986)             (35,899)

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                          (594,236)           (1,048,528)
54   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                           NOTES      2019        2018
                                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000

      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Repayments from loans to former shareholder of a subsidiary                   27,500           —
      Repayments from loans to associates                                             7,350          —
      Bank interest income received                                                   2,736      2,003
      Proceeds on disposal of investments in associates                               1,600         —
      Interest received from a loan receivable                                        1,317        136
      Interest received from loans to former shareholder of a subsidiary               202          —
      Redemption of other financial assets at FVTPL                                    201           —
      Interest received from loans to associates                                        64         791
      Proceeds from disposal of equipment                                                2            8
      Repayments from related parties                                                    —      70,803
      Net cash inflow arising on disposal of a subsidiary                   39           —      19,656
      Advances to a related party                                                        —          (88)
      Advances of a loan receivable                                                      —      (13,143)
      Advances to an associate                                                           —      (53,500)
      Received from settlement of derivative financial instruments                     (177)         —
      Payments for right-of-use assets                                                 (345)         —
      Security deposits paid for derivative financial instruments                    (3,550)         —
      Payments for refundable rental deposits                                        (3,626)         —
      Payment for purchase of equipment and prepayments of a property                (4,447)     (2,652)
      Purchases of other financial assets at FVTPL                                   (4,610)         —
      Loans to associates                                                            (7,350)         —
      Investment in an associate                                                     (9,000)    (42,000)
      Placement of pledged structured deposit                                        (9,000)         —
      Payment for development costs/expenses and purchase
         of other intangible assets                                                 (10,294)    (14,065)
      Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary                       38      (24,240)         —
      Placement of pledged bank deposits                                            (77,586)     (8,764)

      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                        (113,253)    (40,815)
                                                                                              Annual Report 2019          55


                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




                                                                             NOTE         2019                 2018
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                          40
New borrowings raised                                                               1,991,288            4,802,796
Loans raised from related parties                                                     666,398                47,175
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders of the subsidiaries             17,150                93,500
Exercise of equity-settled share options                                                 5,569                1,324
Issue of placing shares                                                                     —              697,950
Interest paid for financial liability arising from repurchase agreements                     —                  (285)
Repayment of financial liability arising from repurchase agreements                          —              (10,000)
Interest paid for bank overdraft                                                          (361)                  —
Interest paid for lease liabilities                                                     (1,402)                   —
Dividends paid to former shareholder of a subsidiary prior to acquisition               (2,721)                   —
Security deposits paid for borrowings                                                   (6,296)                   —
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                          (6,705)                   —
Interest paid for loans from related parties                                           (11,265)                 (132)
Dividends paid                                                                         (30,905)                   —
Interest paid for borrowings                                                           (85,620)             (77,393)
Repayment of loans from related parties                                              (647,798)              (37,175)
Repayment of borrowings                                                             (1,047,627)          (4,386,749)

NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                    839,705            1,131,011

NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                             132,216                41,668
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  1,178               10,124
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 1 JANUARY                                                226,069              174,277

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT 31 DECEMBER
  represented by                                                                      359,463              226,069

Bank balances and cash                                                                377,327              226,069
Bank overdraft                                                                         (17,864)                 —

                                                                                      359,463              226,069
56   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019



     1. GENERAL
           Sheng Ye Capital Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and its shares
           are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The Company’s immediate holding
           company is Wisdom Cosmos Limited. Its ultimate shareholder is Mr. Tung Chi Fung, who is also the Chairman and
           Executive Director of the Company. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company
           are disclosed in the corporate information section of the annual report.

           The Company completed transfer of listing of its shares from GEM to the Main Board of the Stock Exchange with effective
           from 24 October 2019.

           The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively
           referred to as the “Group”) are provision of factoring and guarantee services in the PRC. Details of the Company’s
           subsidiaries are set out in note 37.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of the
           Company.


     2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
        REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
           New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
           Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time in the current year:

           HKFRS 16                                 Leases
           HK(IFRIC) - Int 23                       Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
           Amendments to HKFRS 9                    Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
           Amendments to HKAS 19                    Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
           Amendments to HKAS 28                    Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
           Amendments to HKFRSs                     Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015 - 2017 Cycle

           Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no material
           impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
           in these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          57


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
  New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
  (continued)
  2.1   HKFRS 16 Leases

        The Group has applied HKFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. HKFRS 16 superseded HKAS 17 Leases (“HKAS
        17”), and the related interpretations.


        Definition of a lease

        The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply HKFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as
        leases applying HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not apply
        this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the Group has not
        reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application.

        For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a lease in
        accordance with the requirements set out in HKFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a lease.


        As a lessee

        The Group has applied HKFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial
        application, 1 January 2019.

        As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at amounts equal
        to the related lease liabilities adjusted by any prepaid or accrued lease payments by applying HKFRS 16.C8(b)
        (ii) transition. Any difference at the date of initial application is recognised in the opening retained profits and
        comparative information has not been restated.

        When applying the modified retrospective approach under HKFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the following
        practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17, on lease-by-lease basis, to the
        extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:

        i.    elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends within 12
              months of the date of initial application;
58   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
        REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
           New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           (continued)
           2.1    HKFRS 16 Leases (continued)

                  As a lessee (continued)

                  When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has applied
                  incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The weighted average
                  lessee’s incremental borrowing rate applied is 6.76%.

                                                                                                                     At 1 January
                                                                                                                              2019
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

                    Operating lease commitments disclosed as at 31 December 2018                                             8,398

                    Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                                     7,472
                    Less: Recognition exemption - short-term leases                                                           (383)

                    Lease liabilities relating to operating leases recognised upon application of HKFRS 16                   7,089

                    Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                                   7,089

                    Analysed as
                       Current                                                                                               4,045
                       Non-current                                                                                           3,044

                                                                                                                             7,089
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019             59


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
  New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
  (continued)
  2.1   HKFRS 16 Leases (continued)

        As a lessee (continued)

        The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:

                                                                                                                                                  Right-of-
                                                                                                                                                 use assets
                                                                                                                                                  RMB’000

              Right-of-use assets relating to operating leases recognised upon application of HKFRS 16                                                 7,089
              Reclassified from prepaid lease payments (note i)                                                                                          238
              Adjustments on rental deposits at 1 January 2019 (note ii)                                                                                   —

                                                                                                                                                       7,327

              By class:
                Land and buildings                                                                                                                     7,327


        Notes:

        (i)        Upfront payments for buildings in the PRC were classified as prepaid lease payments as at 31 December 2018. Upon application of HKFRS 16,
                   the current portion of prepaid lease payments amounting to RMB238,000 were reclassified to right-of-use assets.

        (ii)       Before the application of HKFRS 16, the Group considered refundable rental deposits paid as rights and obligations under leases to which
                   HKAS 17 applied. Based on the definition of lease payments under HKFRS 16, such deposits are not payments relating to the right to use of the
                   underlying assets and were adjusted to reflect the discounting effect at transition. The carrying amount of discounting effect had no material
                   impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 1 January 2019.
60   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
        REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
           New and Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           (continued)
           2.1    HKFRS 16 Leases (continued)

                  As a lessee (continued)

                  The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                  at 1 January 2019. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.


                                                                                           Carrying amounts                                             Carrying
                                                                                                     previously                               amounts under
                                                                                               reported at 31                                      HKFRS 16 at
                                                                                              December 2018                Adjustments         1 January 2019
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

                    Non-current assets
                    Right-of-use assets                                                                        —                   7,327                    7,327
                    Current assets
                    Other receivables, prepayments and
                       others - prepaid lease payments                                                       238                     (238)                       —
                    Current liabilities
                    Lease liabilities                                                                          —                   4,045                    4,045
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Lease liabilities                                                                          —                   3,044                    3,044


                  Note:   For the purpose of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the year ended 31 December 2019, movements in
                          working capital have been computed based on opening consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2019 as disclosed above.


                  Based on the current business model, no other impact resulted from the adoption of HKFRS 16 on the amounts
                  reported on the opening consolidated financial statements of the Group as at 1 January 2019.
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019               61


                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
   REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
  New and amendments to HKFRSs issued but not yet effective
  The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
  effective:

  HKFRS 17                                            Insurance Contracts1
  Amendments to HKFRS 3                               Definition of a Business2
  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
      HKAS 28                                            its Associate or Joint Venture3
  Amendments to HKAS 1 and                            Definition of Material4
      HKAS 8
  Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39                      Interest Rate Benchmark Reform4
      and HKFRS 7
  1
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
  2
         Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of the first annual period beginning
         on or after 1 January 2020.
  3
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
  4
         Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.


  In addition to the above new and amendments to HKFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting was
  issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in HKFRS
  Standards , will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

  Except for the new and amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the
  application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
  statements in the foreseeable future.


  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 Definition of Material

  The amendments provide refinements to the definition of material by including additional guidance and explanations in
  making materiality judgments. In particular, the amendments:

  •      include the concept of “obscuring” material information in which the effect is similar to omitting or misstating the
         information;

  •      replace threshold for materiality influencing users from “could influence” to “could reasonably be expected to
         influence”; and

  •      include the use of the phrase “primary users” rather than simply referring to “users” which was considered too broad
         when deciding what information to disclose in the financial statements.

  The amendments also align the definition across all HKFRSs and will be mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual
  period beginning on 1 January 2020. The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on
  the financial position and performance of the Group but may affect the presentation and disclosures in the consolidated
  financial statements.
62   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2. APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
        REPORTING STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (continued)
           New and amendments to HKFRSs issued but not yet effective (continued)
           Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 (the “New Framework”) and the Amendments to
           References to the Conceptual Framework in HKFRS Standards

           The New Framework:

           •      reintroduces the terms stewardship and prudence;
           •      introduces a new asset definition that focuses on rights and a new liability definition that is likely to be broader than
                  the definition it replaces, but does not change the distinction between a liability and an equity instrument;
           •      discusses historical cost and current value measures, and provides additional guidance on how to select a
                  measurement basis for a particular asset or liability;
           •      states that the primary measure of financial performance is profit or loss, and that only in exceptional circumstances
                  OCI will be used and only for income or expenses that arise from a change in the current value of an asset or
                  liability; and
           •      discusses uncertainty, derecognition, unit of account, the reporting entity and combined financial statements.

           Consequential amendments have been made so that references in certain HKFRSs have been updated to the New
           Framework, whilst some HKFRSs are still referred to the previous versions of the framework. These amendments are
           effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020, with earlier application permitted. Other than specific
           standards which still refer to the previous versions of the framework, the Group will rely on the New Framework on its
           effective date in determining the accounting policies especially for transactions, events or conditions that are not otherwise
           dealt with under the accounting standards.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          63


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. In addition,
   the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
   Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (“CO”).

   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
   instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies
   set out below.

   Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods or services.

   Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
   market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
   another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
   characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
   asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
   financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope
   of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 (since 1
   January 2019) or HKAS 17 (before application of HKFRS 16), and measurements that have some similarities to fair value
   but are not fair value, such as value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

   For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable inputs is to be
   used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial recognition the
   results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

   In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the
   degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair
   value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

   •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
         access at the measurement date;
   •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or
         liability, either directly or indirectly; and
   •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.
64   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           The principal accounting policies are set out below.

           Basis of consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
           Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

           •      has power over the investee;
           •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its investment with the investee; and
           •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

           The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
           one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

           Consolidation of a subsidiary begins with the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company
           loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year
           are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group
           gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

           Profit or loss and each item of OCI are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total
           comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests
           even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

           When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into
           line with the Group’s accounting policies.

           All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of
           the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

           Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent
           present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon
           liquidation.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019          65


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Basis of consolidation (continued)
   Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries

   Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
   accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the non-
   controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution
   of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
   interests’ proportionate interests.

   Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
   consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

   When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests
   (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the
   aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying
   amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All
   amounts previously recognised in OCI in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
   of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of
   equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at
   the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9
   or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.


   Business combinations
   Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business
   combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of the assets
   transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests
   issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are generally recognised in profit or
   loss as incurred.
66   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Business combinations (continued)
           At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except
           that:

           •       deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and
                   measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

           •       liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based
                   payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree
                   are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy
                   below);

           •       assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held
                   for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

           •       lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in
                   HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease
                   term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets
                   are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or
                   unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

           Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling
           interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the
           net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the
           net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the
           amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the
           acquiree (if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.

           Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of
           the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’
           proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019         67


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Business combinations (continued)
   When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration
   arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the
   consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify
   as measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that
   arise from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the
   acquisition date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

   The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments
   depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
   remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
   consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the
   corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

   When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is
   remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or
   loss, if any, is recognised in profit or loss or OCI, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree prior to the
   acquisition date that have previously been recognised in OCI and measured under HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the
   same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously held equity interest.

   If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
   combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
   provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see above), and additional assets or
   liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition
   date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.
68   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Goodwill
           Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see
           the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of
           cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level
           at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

           A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
           annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition
           in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
           tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount,
           the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-
           rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

           On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating
           units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal.
           When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of
           cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation
           (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating
           units) retained.

           The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of a joint venture is described below.


           Investment in associates and a joint venture
           An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
           the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

           A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the
           net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which
           exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019         69


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Investment in associates and a joint venture (continued)
   The results and assets and liabilities of associates and the joint venture are incorporated in these consolidated financial
   statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and the joint venture used for
   equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions
   and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate or a joint venture is initially
   recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s
   share of the profit or loss and OCI of the associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate/joint venture
   other than profit or loss and OCI are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest
   held by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in
   that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net
   investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional
   losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on
   behalf of the associate or joint venture.

   An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
   investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint venture, any
   excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities
   of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess
   of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after
   reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

   The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture may be
   impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested
   for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in
   use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any
   asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss
   is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently
   increases.

   When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is accounted
   for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When
   the Group retains an interest in the former associate or joint venture and the retained interest is a financial asset within
   the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as
   its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture and the
   fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing the relevant interest in the associate or joint venture
   is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate or joint venture. In addition, the Group
   accounts for all amounts previously recognised in OCI in relation to that associate or joint venture on the same basis as
   would be required if that associate or joint venture had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
70   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Investment in associates and a joint venture (continued)
           Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in OCI by that associate or joint venture would be reclassified to profit or
           loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as
           a reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate or joint venture.

           When the Group reduces its ownership interest in a joint venture but the Group continues to use the equity method, the
           Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in OCI relating to
           that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related
           assets or liabilities.

           When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
           transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the
           extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.


           Revenue recognition
           Interest income from factoring services consists of interest income which is recognised in accordance with HKFRS 9.


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or
           services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

           A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of
           distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

           Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
           satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

           •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
                  performs;
           •      the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or
           •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
                  enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

           Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          71


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
   A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
   transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In
   contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required
   before payment of that consideration is due.

   A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
   received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

   A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

   Income from guarantee service for guarantee provided to customers in relation to the transactions with their suppliers and
   customers is recognised in accordance with HKFRS 9 under the accounting policy of financial guarantee contracts.

   Income from information technology service for system maintenance is recognised over time by reference to the progress
   towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation when the customer simultaneously receives and
   consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group performs or a point in time when services are
   rendered in accordance with contract terms.

   Consulting service income is recognised at a point in time when performance obligation is completed and the entity has a
   present right to payment for the services performed.

   Other services income is recognised over time or a point in time when services are rendered in accordance with contract
   terms.


   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
   obligation

   Output method

   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output method, which is
   to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the services transferred to the customer to date
   relative to the remaining services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
   control of services.
72   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Leases
           Definition of a lease (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

           A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
           time in exchange for consideration.

           For contracts entered into or modified or arising from business combinations on or after the date of initial application,
           the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception,
           modification date or acquisition date, as appropriate. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions
           of the contract are subsequently changed.


           The Group as a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)

           Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

           For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
           allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the
           lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

           Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.


           Short-term leases

           The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of land and building that have a lease term of 12
           months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-term leases
           are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.


           Right-of-use assets

           The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

           •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability; and
           •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
           remeasurement of lease liabilities.

           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end
           of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets
           are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

           The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019          73


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Leases (continued)
   The Group as a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (continued)

   Refundable rental deposits

   Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
   value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.


   Lease liabilities

   At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease
   payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
   borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

   The lease payments include:

   •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable; and
   •      payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate
          the lease.

   After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

   The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

   •      the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case
          the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the
          date of reassessment.
   •      the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment
          under a guaranteed residual value in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
          lease payments using the initial discount rate.

   The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
74   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (continued)

           Lease modifications

           The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

           •      the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and
           •      the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the increase
                  in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular
                  contract.

           For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability based on the
           lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the effective
           date of the modification.

           The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right-
           of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease
           components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the
           relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.


           The Group as a lessee (prior to 1 January 2019)

           Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

           Operating leases payments are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term, except where
           another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased asset are
           consumed.


           Foreign currencies
           In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional
           currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing on the dates of the
           transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
           rates prevailing at that date.

           Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the re-translation of monetary items, are
           recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          75


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


   Government grants
   Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
   attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

   Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose of
   giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period
   in which they become receivable.


   Retirement benefit costs
   Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme are recognised as
   an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

   Employees in the PRC are members of a state-managed employee pension scheme operated by the relevant municipal
   government in the PRC which undertakes to assume the retirement benefit obligations of all existing and future retired
   employees. The Group’s obligation is to make the required contributions under the scheme. The Group has no further
   payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as employee benefit
   expenses when they are due.


   Short-term employee benefits
   Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and
   when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another
   HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

   A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after
   deducting any amount already paid.
76   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Share-based payment
           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

           Share options granted to employees

           Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of
           the equity instruments at the grant date.

           The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration
           all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s
           estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments
           reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected
           to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original
           estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a
           corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.

           When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be transferred
           to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date,
           the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be transferred to retained profits.

           When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognised in share-based payments reserve will be transferred to
           share premium.


           Taxation
           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before taxation because
           of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years, and items that are never taxable or deductible. The
           Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of
           the reporting period.

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
           consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax
           liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all
           deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which those
           deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
           arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a
           transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          77


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Taxation (continued)
   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
   associates, and a joint venture, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and
   it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
   deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is
   probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
   they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

   The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of the reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
   is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
   is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
   end of the reporting period.

   The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner
   in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
   liabilities.

   For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets
   and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use
   assets or the lease liabilities. For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities,
   the Group applies HKAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary
   differences on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application
   of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying amounts of
   right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease modifications, that are
   not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement or modification.

   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
   current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority.

   Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in OCI or
   directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in OCI or directly in equity respectively.

   In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax
   authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income
   tax filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income
   tax filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each
   uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.
78   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Property and equipment
           Property and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of services, or for
           administrative purposes. Property and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
           subsequent accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any.

           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of items of assets less their residual values over their estimated useful
           lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at
           the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to
           arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property
           and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is
           recognised in profit or loss.


           Intangible assets
           Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and
           any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives is recognised on a straight-
           line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of
           each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.


           Internally-generated intangible assets - research and development expenditure

           Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

           An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities is recognised if, and only if, all of the following
           have been demonstrated:

           •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;
           •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;
           •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;
           •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
           •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell
                  the intangible asset; and
           •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

           The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the
           date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible
           asset can be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

           Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
           and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          79


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Impairment on property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets
   At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property and equipment, right-of-use
   assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have
   suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order
   to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment
   at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

   The recoverable amount of property and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are estimated individually,
   when it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of
   the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

   In addition, the Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be impaired. If such indication exists,
   corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation
   can be identified, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable
   and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the
   estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market
   assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the
   estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the
   carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is
   recognised immediately in profit or loss.

   Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group
   of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
   amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
   for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss
   is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


   Financial instruments
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions
   of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date
   basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the
   time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.
80   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts
           with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable
           to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at
           FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial
           recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL are
           recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and
           of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that
           exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an
           integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life
           of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
           recognition.

           Interest income arising from factoring service which is derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business is presented as
           revenue.


           Financial assets

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and
           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
                  the principal amount outstanding.

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

           •      the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
                  contractual cash flows; and
           •      the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
                  the principal amount outstanding.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019          81


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)

   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial asset s (continued)

   All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application of HKFRS 9/
   initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an
   equity investment in OCI if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an
   acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

   A financial asset is held for trading if:

   •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

   •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together
         and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or.

   •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

   In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost
   or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.


   (i)   Amortised cost and interest income

         Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
         amortised cost and factoring assets subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying
         the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have
         subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
         impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial
         asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that
         the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest
         rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the
         determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
82   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial asset s (continued)

           (ii)    Factoring assets classified as at FVTOCI

                   Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for factoring assets classified as at FVTOCI as a result of interest income
                   calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in profit or loss. All other changes in the carrying
                   amount of these factoring assets are recognised in OCI and accumulated under the heading of FVTOCI reserves.
                   Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the
                   carrying amounts of these factoring assets. The amounts that are recognised in profit or loss are the same as the
                   amounts that would have been recognised in profit or loss if these factoring assets had been measured at amortised
                   cost. When these factoring assets are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in OCI are
                   reclassified to profit or loss.


           (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL

                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as
                   FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or
                   losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any dividend or interest
                   earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.


           Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts

           The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including refundable rental deposits,
           factoring assets at FVTOCI, loan receivable, receivables from guarantee customers, trade receivables, other receivables,
           pledged structured deposit, pledged bank deposits, and bank balances) and financial guarantee contracts which are
           subject to impairment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
           risk since initial recognition.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019         83


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)

   Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)

   Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
   instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
   default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment is done based on the Group’s
   historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
   assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

   The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables without significant financing component. The ECL on these
   assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances.

   For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant
   increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether
   lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since
   initial recognition.


   (i)   Significant increase in credit risk

         In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk
         of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on
         the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both
         quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
         forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

         In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased
         significantly:

         •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal
                credit rating;
         •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit
                spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;
         •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
                significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;
         •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;
         •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of
                the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.
84   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)


           (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (continued)

                  Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
                  significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
                  supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                  Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly
                  since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt
                  instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the borrower has a strong capacity
                  to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse changes in economic and business
                  conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual
                  cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or
                  external credit rating of ‘investment grade’ as per globally understood definitions.

                  For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment is
                  considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing impairment. In assessing whether there
                  has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition of financial guarantee contracts, the Group
                  considers the changes in the risk that the specified debtor will default on the contract.

                  The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant
                  increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant
                  increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


           (ii)   Definition of default

                  For internal credit risk management, the Group classifies credit risk into three grades. The internal credit risk ratings
                  are based on qualitative (such as debtors’ operating conditions, financial positions, external rating of factoring
                  customers, etc.) and quantitative factors (mainly includes past due information of the factoring assets at FVTOCI).

                  The Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally or obtained from external
                  sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into
                  account any collaterals held by the Group).

                  Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days
                  past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default
                  criterion is more appropriate.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          85


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)

   Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)


   (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets

           A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future
           cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable
           data about the following events:

           (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

           (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

           (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                 difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

           (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation


   (iv)    Write-off policy

           The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial
           difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
           liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are
           over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement
           activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off
           constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.
86   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial assets (continued)

           Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)


           (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL

                  The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) (i.e. the
                  magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the PD and LGD is based
                  on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-
                  weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

                  Generally, the ECL is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                  accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective
                  interest rate determined at initial recognition.

                  For a financial guarantee contract, the Group is required to make payments only in the event of a default by the
                  debtor in accordance with the terms of the instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the expected loss is the
                  present value of the expected payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that
                  the Group expects to receive from the holder, the debtor or any other party.

                  For ECL on financial guarantee contracts for which the effective interest rate cannot be determined, the Group
                  will apply a discount rate that reflects the current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks that
                  are specific to the cash flows but only if, and to the extent that, the risks are taken into account by adjusting the
                  discount rate instead of adjusting the cash shortfalls being discounted.

                  Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual instrument level may
                  not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:

                  •      Nature of financial instruments (i.e. the Group’s other receivables, financial guarantee contracts and amounts
                         due from customers are each assessed as a separate group. Trade receivable and loans to related parties are
                         assessed for ECL on an individual basis);
                  •      Past-due status;
                  •      Nature, size and industry of debtors; and
                  •      External credit ratings where available.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2019          87


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial assets (continued)

   Impairment of financial assets and financial guarantee contracts (continued)


   (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (continued)

         The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share
         similar credit risk characteristics.

         Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is
         credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

         Except for factoring assets that are measured at FVTOCI and financial guarantee contracts, the Group recognises
         an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the
         exception of trade receivables, where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.
         For factoring assets that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the
         FVTOCI reserves without reducing the carrying amounts of these factoring assets. Such amount represents the
         changes in the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss allowance.!


   Derecognition of financial assets

   The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when
   it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If
   the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the
   transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have
   to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group
   continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

   On derecognition of an investment in factoring assets classified as at FVTOCI upon application of HKFRS 9, the cumulative
   gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserves is reclassified to profit or loss.
88   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Financial liabilities and equity

           Classification as debt or equity

           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
           contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.


           Equity instruments

           An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
           liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.


           Financial liabilities

           All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.


           Financial liabilities at FVTPL

           Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a
           business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

           A financial liability is held for trading if:

           •      such it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

           •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
                  has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

           •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging
                  instrument.

           A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business
           combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

           •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would
                  otherwise arise; or
           •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and
                  its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management or
                  investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or
           •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKFRS 9 permits the entire combined
                  contract to be designated as at FVTPL.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019         89


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
   Financial instruments (continued)
   Financial liabilities and equity (continued)

   Financial liabilities at FVTPL (continued)

   For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that
   is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in OCI, unless the recognition of the effects of
   changes in the liability’s credit risk in OCI would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. For financial
   liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, such as cross currency swap contracts and foreign currency forward contract,
   the changes in fair value of the embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in OCI.
   Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in OCI are not subsequently
   reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost

   The Group’s financial liabilities including loans from a related party, other payables, borrowings and bank overdraft are
   subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.


   Financial guarantee contracts

   A financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder
   for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt
   instrument. Financial guarantee contract liabilities are measured initially at their fair values. It is subsequently measured at
   the higher of:

   •      the amount of the loss allowance determined in accordance with HKFRS 9; and
   •      the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amortisation recognised over the guarantee
          period.


   Derecognition of financial liabilities

   The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or
   have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration
   paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.
90   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
           Financial instruments (continued)
           Derivative financial instruments

           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently
           remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


           Embedded derivatives

           Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of HKFRS 9 are not separated.
           The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either amortised cost or fair value as
           appropriate.

           Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of HKFRS 9 are treated
           as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and characteristics are not closely related
           to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured at FVTPL.

           Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host contracts are treated as a
           single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to different risk exposures and are readily separable
           and independent of each other.


           Offsetting a financial asset and a financial liability

           A financial asset and a financial liability are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position
           when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts; and intends
           either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019          91


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
   UNCERTAINTY
   In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are
   required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
   readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
   other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

   The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
   recognised in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year or in the year of the revision and
   future years if the revision affects both current and future periods.


   Critical judgement in applying accounting policies
   The following is the critical judgement, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the directors of the
   Company have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect
   on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


   Derecognition of financial assets

   In its normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of transactions including regular
   way sales and transfers, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements. The Group applies significant judgement in
   assessing whether it has transferred these financial assets which qualify for a full or partial derecognition.

   The Group analyses the contractual rights and obligations in connection with such transfers to determine whether the
   derecognition criteria are met based on the following considerations:

   •     whether it has transferred the rights to receive contractual cash flows from the financial assets or the transfer
         qualified for the “pass through” of those cash flows to independent third parties; and

   •     where the Group neither retained nor transferred substantially all of the risks and rewards associated with their
         ownership, the Group analyses whether the Group has relinquished its control over these financial assets, and if the
         Group has continuing involvement in these transferred financial assets. Where the Group has not retained control, it
         derecognises these financial assets and recognises separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created
         or retained in the transfer. Otherwise, the Group continues to recognise these financial assets to the extent of its
         continuing involvement in the financial assets.

   During the year ended 31 December 2019, gain on sales of factoring assets at FVTOCI which met the derecognition
   criteria were RMB156,242,000 (2018: RMB124,548,000). Details of derecognition of factoring assets are disclosed in note
   7.
92   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION
        UNCERTAINTY (continued)
           Key sources of estimation uncertainty
           The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end
           of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities within the next financial year.


           Measurement of ECL for factoring assets at FVTOCI

           For factoring assets at FVTOCI that are assessed for impairment on ECL model, to measure the ECL, factoring assets at
           FVTOCI of various debtors have been grouped considering shared credit risk characteristics. The credit losses expectations
           are based on external or internal credit rating and on a forward-looking basis and assumptions relate to the future
           macroeconomic conditions and creditworthiness. A considerable amount of judgement is required in estimating the
           ultimate realisation of factoring assets, including the creditworthiness, the Group’s past experience of collecting payments,
           historical loss ratio, industry practice, relevant deposits received, pledge or guarantee information, if any, and forward-
           looking information.

           The measurement of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the Group’s factoring assets at
           FVTOCI and the ECL are disclosed in notes 20 and 36.


           Recognition of deferred taxation

           As at 31 December 2019, a deferred tax asset of RMB11,319,000 (2018: RMB20,683,000) in relation to the deferred
           income, ECL provision and fair value adjustment have been recognised in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial
           position. The realisability of the deferred tax assets mainly depends on whether sufficient future profits or taxable
           temporary differences will be available in the future. In cases where the actual future profits generated are less than or
           more than expected, a material reversal or recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in
           profit or loss for the period in which such a reversal or recognition takes place. Details of the deferred tax are disclosed in
           note 19.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019          93


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




5. SEGMENT INFORMATION
  The chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), being the executive directors of the Company, have determined that
  the Group has only one operating and reportable segment throughout the reporting period, as the Group is principally
  engaged in providing factoring and relevant services mainly in the PRC, and the CODM, reviews the consolidated financial
  position and results of the Group as a whole for the purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance of the
  Group.

  The Company is an investment holding company and the principal place of the Group’s operation is mainly in the PRC.
  Most of the Group’s revenue and major non-current assets principally derived from or located in the PRC.


  Information about major customers

  Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as
  follows:

                                                                                                          2019                 2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000

      Customer A                                                                                          N/A1               36,877

  1
         The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.
94   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     6. REVENUE
           Revenue for the year represents income received and receivable mainly from the provision of factoring and relevant
           services in the PRC.

           (i)    An analysis of the Group’s revenue for the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2019                      2018
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000

                    Interest income from factoring service                                                                          429,214                     308,484
                    Income from other services:
                       – Guarantee service                                                                                             9,155                     17,962
                       – Information technology service                                                                                8,355                      2,621
                       – Consulting service                                                                                               661                    14,483
                       – Other services (note)                                                                                         3,036                      2,346

                                                                                                                                     21,207                      37,412

                                                                                                                                    450,421                     345,896


                  Note:   Other services primarily include fee income from providing accounts receivable management services without financing, including review and
                          verification of documentation relating to the accounts receivable and collection of the accounts receivable on behalf of customers.


           (ii)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                                        2019                      2018
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000

                    Timing of revenue recognition
                    A point in time                                                                                                    6,873                     14,483
                    Over time                                                                                                          5,179                      4,967

                    Total                                                                                                            12,052                      19,450



     7. SALES OF FACTORING ASSETS
           For the years ended 2019 and 2018, the Group sold part of factoring assets to certain financial institutions mainly in
           the PRC. Sales of factoring assets gave rise to full derecognition of the factoring assets pursuant to the terms of sale
           agreements signed between the Group and relevant financial institutions.

                                                                                                                                        2019                      2018
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000

             Gain on sales of factoring assets                                                                                      156,242                     124,548
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2019             95


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




8. OTHER INCOME/OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES
   (a) Other income

                                                                                                                         2019                     2018
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000

        Government subsidies (note)                                                                                    33,553                  14,844
        Bank interest income                                                                                            2,736                    2,003
        Interest income from a loan receivable                                                                          1,584                       136
        Interest income from loans to associates (note 34)                                                                  64                      791
        Others                                                                                                              16                       22

                                                                                                                       37,953                  17,796


       Note:   The government subsidies were mainly received unconditionally by the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC from local government in relation
               to the incentive policy for investment in factoring and other financial business based on certain taxes paid or payable by the Company’s PRC
               subsidiaries in Dongjiang Port Zone of Tianjin City.



   (b) Other gains and losses

                                                                                                                         2019                     2018
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                   RMB’000

        Exchange gain, net                                                                                              1,178                  10,124
        Gain on disposal of investments in associates (note 21(b))                                                         377                        —
        Gain from changes in fair value of other financial assets at FVTPL                                                  88                        —
        Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 39)                                                                           —                      514
        Net loss arising from changes in fair value of derivative
           financial instruments                                                                                       (1,785)                        —
        Loss on disposal of equipment                                                                                        (5)                    (62)
        Others                                                                                                             (19)                    (390)

                                                                                                                          (166)                10,186
96   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     9. IMPAIRMENT LOSSES UNDER ECL MODEL, NET OF REVERSAL
                                                                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                                                  RMB’000   RMB’000

             Impairment losses recognised on:
                – Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                                                       11,880    17,604
                – Loan receivable                                                                                   4,187       157
                – Financial guarantee contracts                                                                       792        —
                – Receivables from guarantee customers                                                                101        —

                                                                                                                   16,960    17,761


           Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 36(b).


     10. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                                                     2019      2018
                                                                                                                  RMB’000   RMB’000

             Interest on borrowings (note)                                                                         97,302    90,982
             Interest on loans from related parties                                                                11,541       137
             Interest on lease liabilities                                                                          1,402        —
             Interest on bank overdraft                                                                               361        —
             Interest on financial liability arising from repurchase agreements                                        —         37

                                                                                                                  110,606    91,156


           Note:   Details of the interest on borrowings in relation to a related party are set out in note 34.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          97


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




11. TAXATION
                                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

    The charge (credit) comprises:
    Current tax
      – PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                                          35,995               84,880
      – Withholding tax levied on dividend declared of a PRC subsidiary                             1,625                  300
      – Withholding tax levied on interest income of Hong Kong subsidiaries                         4,820                1,865

                                                                                                   42,440               87,045
    Deferred tax (note 19)                                                                         24,927                (3,265)

                                                                                                   67,367               83,780


   No provision for taxation in Hong Kong has been made as the Group’s income neither arises in, nor is derived from, Hong
   Kong.

   Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC
   subsidiaries is 25% for both years. Certain PRC subsidiaries enjoy preferential tax rate according to approval from local tax
   bureau, including (i) a PRC subsidiary enjoys preferential tax rate of 15% since year 2016; (ii) a PRC subsidiary, located in
   Horgos city in the PRC, was exempted from income tax in the first 5 years since set up in year 2018, according to “關於新
   疆喀什霍爾果斯兩個特殊經濟開發區企業所得稅優惠政策的通知” (Caishui [2011] 112) issued by the State Administration
   of Taxation and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC.

   The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit before taxation per the consolidated statement of profit or loss
   and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                     2019                 2018
                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

    Profit before taxation                                                                       362,492              295,654

    Tax at the domestic EIT rate of 25%                                                            90,623               73,914
    Tax effect of share of profit of a joint venture and associates                                (1,444)               (1,620)
    Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                         19,288               21,218
    Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                                              (8,950)               (8,140)
    Effect of tax exemption granted to a PRC subsidiary                                           (50,475)             (11,955)
    Tax effect of tax loss not recognised                                                           3,869                  599
    Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                            (1,740)                  (40)
    Tax benefit on research and development expenses                                               (1,976)                 (887)
    Withholding tax on distributable earnings of the PRC subsidiaries                              18,172               10,691

    Tax charge for the year                                                                        67,367               83,780
98   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR/OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
           (a) Profit for the year
                  Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging:

                                                                                             2019        2018
                                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000

                    Directors’ emoluments (note 13)                                         5,536       4,530
                    Other staffs costs
                       – Salaries, allowances and other staff benefits, including
                            share option expenses                                          82,630      49,309
                       – Staffs’ retirement benefit scheme contributions                    4,201       2,727

                    Total staff costs                                                      92,367      56,566
                    Less: amount capitalised in development costs                           (9,188)     (5,703)
                    Less: staff costs recognised as research and development costs
                             in other operating expenses                                   (13,596)     (5,416)

                    Staff costs recognised in profit or loss                               69,583      45,447

                    Research and development costs recognised as an expense
                       (included in other operating expenses)                              14,269       7,485
                    Total depreciation of property and equipment                            1,694       1,335
                    Less:amount capitalised in development costs                             (131)         (46)

                    Depreciation of property and equipment recognised in profit or loss     1,563       1,289

                    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                     7,202           —
                    Amortisation of intangible assets                                       3,641         696
                    Auditor’s remuneration                                                  2,520       1,880
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2019        99


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR/OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
   (b) Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

        Other comprehensive income includes:
        Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
        Factoring assets measured at FVTOCI
           – Fair value changes during the year, net                                                      9,055                1,700
           – Reclassification adjustment to profit or loss on derecognition                               (4,473)               (906)

                                                                                                          4,582                  794
        Income tax relating to items that may be reclassified subsequently                                  (984)               (198)
        Share of other comprehensive income (expense) of
           a joint venture, net of related income tax                                                         32                  (32)
        Share of OCI of associates, net of
           related income tax                                                                             1,423                  835

                                                                                                          5,053                1,399


       Income tax effect relating to other comprehensive income

                                                     Year ended 31/12/2019                          Year ended 31/12/2018

                                            Before tax    Tax (expense)          Net of    Before tax      Tax (expense)        Net of
                                              amount           benefit       income tax      amount             benefit     income tax
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

        Items that may be reclassified
          subsequently to profit or loss:

        Fair value gain on factoring
          assets at FVTOCI                      (7,298)           570            (6,728)     (16,810)            4,203        (12,607)
        Impairment losses for factoring
          assets at FVTOCI included
          in profit or loss                    11,880           (1,554)          10,326      17,604              (4,401)       13,203
        Share of other comprehensive
          income (expense) of
          a joint venture                          32               —               32           (32)                 —            (32)
        Share of OCI of associates              1,423               —             1,423          835                  —           835

                                                6,037             (984)           5,053        1,597                (198)       1,399
100   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      13. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND TOP FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
            (a) Directors’ emoluments
                   Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and CO,
                   is as follows:

                                                                                               Other
                                                                                        emoluments
                                                                         Retirement           mainly    Performance    Share-
                                                           Director’s benefit scheme     salaries and       related     based
                     Name of director                           fee    contributions   other benefits       bonuses   payment      Total
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000

                     For the year ended 31 December 2019
                     Executive directors
                       Mr. Tung Chi Fung                      1,056              —                —              —         —      1,056
                       Mr. Chen Jen-Tse                         106              54            1,095           195      1,679     3,129
                     Independent non-executive directors
                       Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                  317              —                —              —        204       521
                       Mr. Loo Yau Soon                         158              —                —              —        204       362
                       Mr. Twoon Wai Mun,Benjamin               106              —                —              —        204       310
                       Mr. Fong Heng Boo                        158              —                —              —         —        158

                                                              1,901              54            1,095           195      2,291     5,536

                     For the year ended 31 December 2018
                     Executive directors
                       Mr. Tung Chi Fung                      1,016              —                —              —         —      1,016
                       Mr. Chen Jen-Tse                         102              60            1,120           168      1,254     2,704
                     Non-executive director:
                       Ms. Tung Ching Ching (note ii)           114              —                —              —         —        114
                     Independent non-executive directors
                       Mr. Hung Ka Hai Clement                  305              —                —              —         29       334
                       Mr. Loo Yau Soon                         152              —                —              —         29       181
                       Mr. Twoon Wai Mun,Benjamin               102              —                —              —         29       131
                       Mr. Fong Heng Boo (note i)                50              —                —              —         —         50

                                                              1,841              60            1,120           168      1,341     4,530
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          101


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




13. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND TOP FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
    (continued)
   (a) Directors’ emoluments (continued)
       The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of
       the affairs of the Company and the Group. The performance related bonus is determined with reference to the
       operating results and the individual’s performance in each year.

       The non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the Company or its
       subsidiaries.

       The independent non-executive director’s emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
       Company.

       There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
       remuneration during the year.

       The Group has been providing accommodation, which is leased from third party, to Mr. Chen Jen-Tse for use
       by him and his family members at no charge. The estimated money value of the benefit in kind is approximately
       RMB240,000.
       Notes:

       (i)      Being appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 7 September 2018.

       (ii)     Being resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 7 September 2018.
102   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      13. DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS AND TOP FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
          (continued)
            (b) Five highest paid employees
                   The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included one director (2018: one director), details of
                   whose remuneration are set out in note 13(a) above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four
                   (2018: four) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

                     Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                               4,043              4,049
                     Performance related bonuses                                                           4,177              2,315
                     Share-based payment                                                                   3,725              2,785
                     Staffs’ retirement benefit scheme contributions                                         122                135

                                                                                                          12,067              9,284


                   The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company whose remuneration fell
                   within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                                          No. of              No. of
                                                                                                     employees            employees

                     HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                               1                  3
                     HK$3,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                               3                  1

                                                                                                                4                  4
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019          103


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




14. DIVIDENDS
   During the year, a final dividend of HK4 cents per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2018 was declared and
   paid to the owners of the Company. The aggregate amount of the final dividend declared and paid in the year amounted
   to HK$35,154,000 (equivalent to RMB30,905,000) (2018: nil).

   Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, a final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 of HK5.3
   cents (2018: HK4 cents) per ordinary share has been proposed by the directors of the Company and is subject to approval
   by the shareholders in the forthcoming general meeting of the Company.


15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
   following data:

                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

    Earnings:
    Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for
      the purpose of basic and diluted earnings per share                                    280,343              208,421


                                                                                                 2019                 2018
                                                                                                 ‘000                  ‘000

    Number of shares:
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      basic earnings per share                                                               879,176              806,057
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Share options                                                                             4,262                4,240

    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
      diluted earnings per share                                                             883,438              810,297
104   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      16. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                         Furniture
                                              Leasehold    Electronic   and office                 Motor
                                            improvement    equipment    equipment     Buildings   vehicles     Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000

              COST
              At 1 January 2018                   3,689        2,575          672           —          —       6,936
              Additions                             254        1,685           56           —          —       1,995
              Disposals                             (18)         (72)          (81)         —          —        (171)

              At 31 December 2018                 3,925        4,188          647           —          —       8,760
              Additions                             370        1,933           53          603      1,854      4,813
              Disposals                              —            —            (46)         —          —         (46)

              At 31 December 2019                 4,295        6,121          654          603      1,854     13,527

              DEPRECIATION
              At 1 January 2018                   3,075        1,409          314           —          —       4,798
              Charge for the year                   450          762          123           —          —       1,335
              Eliminated on disposals               (18)         (54)          (29)         —          —        (101)

              At 31 December 2018                 3,507        2,117          408           —          —       6,032
              Charge for the year                   352        1,052           80           17        193      1,694
              Eliminated on disposals                —            —            (39)         —          —         (39)

              At 31 December 2019                 3,859        3,169          449           17        193      7,687

              CARRYING VALUES
              At 31 December 2019                   436        2,952          205          586      1,661      5,840

              At 31 December 2018                   418        2,071          239           —          —       2,728
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2019          105


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




16. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
   The above items of property and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following estimated useful lives:

   Leasehold improvement                    3 years or over the term of the relevant lease
   Electronic equipment                     3 years
   Furniture and office equipment           5 years
   Buildings                                20 years
   Motor vehicles                           4 years


17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                        Development              Software
                                                                                  costs             system                 Total
                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

    COST
    At 1 January 2018                                                            7,308               1,021                 8,329
    Additions                                                                    5,749                 474                 6,223

    At 31 December 2018                                                         13,057               1,495                14,552
    Additions                                                                    9,795                 339                10,134

    At 31 December 2019                                                         22,852               1,834                24,686

    AMORTISATION
    At 1 January 2018                                                              160                 229                  389
    Charge for the year                                                            401                 295                  696

    At 31 December 2018                                                            561                 524                 1,085
    Charge for the year                                                          3,296                 345                 3,641

    At 31 December 2019                                                          3,857                 869                 4,726

    CARRYING VALUES
    At 31 December 2019                                                         18,995                 965                19,960

    At 31 December 2018                                                         12,496                 971                13,467


   Development costs represent expenditure, mainly included staff costs, capitalised during development phase of internal
   projects for development of online factoring platform.

   The above items of intangible assets are amortised on a straight-line basis at the following estimated useful lives:

   Development costs                        3 - 5 years
   Software system                          3 - 5 years
106   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      18. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                                                                                Leased
                                                                                                                            properties
                                                                                                                              RMB’000

              As at 1 January 2019
              Carrying amount                                                                                                     7,327

              As at 31 December 2019
              Carrying amount                                                                                                    22,147

              For the year ended 31 December 2019
              Depreciation charge                                                                                                 7,202

              Expense relating to short-term leases and other leases with lease terms end
                 within 12 months of the date of initial application of HKFRS 16                                                    276

              Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                       8,728

              Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                                   22,022


            For both years, the Group leases various offices for its operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 2 to
            3.5 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
            In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of
            a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable. The Group regularly entered into short-term
            leases for leased properties. As at 31 December 2019, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-
            term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 18.

            In addition, lease liabilities of RMB22,061,000 are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB22,147,000 as at 31
            December 2019. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets
            that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019             107


                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




19. DEFERRED TAXATION
   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                     31/12/2019               31/12/2018
                                                                                                                       RMB’000                   RMB’000

    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                    11,319                  20,683
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                              (35,387)                 (18,840)

                                                                                                                          (24,068)                   1,843


   The following are the major deferred tax assets (liabilities) recognised and movements thereon during the year:

                                                     Undistributed
                                                  earnings of PRC               Deferred                                   Fair value
                                                       subsidiaries               income         ECL provision          adjustments                   Total
                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                           (note)

    At 1 January 2018                                         (8,449)                2,278                4,376                   869                   (926)
    (Charge) credit to profit or loss                        (10,391)                9,216                4,440                     —                 3,265
    Charge to OCI                                                  —                    —                     —                   (198)                 (198)
    Disposals                                                      —                  (135)                 (163)                   —                   (298)

    At 31 December 2018                                      (18,840)              11,359                 8,653                   671                 1,843
    (Charge) credit to profit or loss                        (16,547)               (7,424)               (1,336)                 380               (24,927)
    Charge to OCI                                                  —                    —                     —                   (984)                 (984)

    At 31 December 2019                                     (35,387)                 3,935                7,317                     67              (24,068)


   Note:   At 31 December 2019, deferred tax asset of RMB7,317,000 (31 December 2018: RMB8,653,000) was recognised based on the deductible temporary
           differences associated with ECL provision. As a PRC subsidiary of the Group exempted from income tax, the deferred tax asset of the ECL provision of
           RMB22,303,000 (31 December 2018: nil) out of RMB51,571,000 (31 December 2018: RMB34,611,000) has not been recognised.


   Pursuant to the EIT Law and its detailed implementation rules, dividend distributed out of the profit generated thereafter,
   shall be subject to EIT at 10% and withheld by the PRC entities. By the Tax Arrangement for Avoidance of Double Taxation
   between China and Hong Kong, a Hong Kong resident company should be entitled to preferential tax rate of 5% when
   receiving dividend from its PRC subsidiaries. The Hong Kong subsidiaries of the Group enjoyed the preferential tax rate
   aforementioned. Accordingly, deferred tax liability has been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect
   of the expected dividend stream from the PRC subsidiaries with the applicable tax rate of 5%.

   At 31 December 2019, the Hong Kong subsidiaries had cumulative unutilised tax losses of RMB15,470,000 (2018: nil). No
   deferred tax asset has been recognised in relation to such cumulative tax losses as it is not probable that taxable profit will
   be available against which the cumulative tax losses can be utilised.
108   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      19. DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)
            At 31 December 2019, the PRC subsidiaries had cumulative unutilised tax losses of RMB38,000 (2018: RMB6,990,000). No
            deferred tax asset has been recognised due to the unpredictability of future profit stream. Some of the unused tax losses
            can be carried forward up to five years from the years in which the loss was originated to offset future taxable profits.

            The expiry terms of the unused tax losses that no deferred tax assets have been provided are as followings:

                                                                                                        31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

              2021                                                                                               24                     24
              2022                                                                                                 2              4,569
              2023                                                                                                 4              2,397
              2024                                                                                                 8                    —

                                                                                                                 38               6,990



      20. FACTORING ASSETS AT FVTOCI
                                                                                                        31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

              Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                                                 3,881,779           2,855,448
              Changes in fair value                                                                         (44,431)            (37,133)

                                                                                                         3,837,348           2,818,315

              Analysed for reporting purposes as:
              Current assets                                                                             3,837,348           2,799,706
              Non-current assets                                                                                  —              18,609

                                                                                                         3,837,348           2,818,315


            As at 31 December 2019, the effective interest rates of the factoring assets range mainly from 5.90% to 18.00% (2018:
            6.00% to 18.36%) per annum.

            As at 31 December 2019, certain commercial acceptance bills are received from customers with fair value amounting of
            RMB412,030,000 (2018: RMB467,780,000) as pledged bills to the factoring assets. The bills can also be applied and used
            to settle any outstanding receivables of factoring assets for the corresponding contract if default occurs, otherwise the
            Company needs to return the bills if the outstanding factoring assets are settled. Until such time as default occurs and
            they are used to settle the factoring assets the commercial acceptance assets are not recognised as an asset in the financial
            statements.
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019               109


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




20. FACTORING ASSETS AT FVTOCI (continued)
   The following is a credit quality analysis of factoring assets at FVTOCI.

                                                                                                                          31/12/2019                31/12/2018
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000

    Not past due                                                                                                            3,837,348                 2,818,280
    Past due (note)                                                                                                                   —                         35

                                                                                                                            3,837,348                 2,818,315


   Note:   In the event that instalments repayment of a factoring asset at FVTOCI is past due, the entire outstanding balance of the factoring assets is classified as
           past due.


   The following is an aging analysis based on due dates of the factoring assets at FVTOCI instalments which are past due
   (instalments which are not yet due at the end of the reporting period are excluded):

                                                                                                                          31/12/2019                31/12/2018
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000

    Past due by:
    1 - 30 days                                                                                                                       —                         35


   Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 36(b).
110   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES
            (a) Investment in a joint venture
                   Details of the Group’s investment in a joint venture are as follows:

                                                                                                                               31/12/2019               31/12/2018
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000

                       Cost of investment in a joint venture, unlisted                                                                     —                 25,500
                       Share of post-acquisition profit                                                                                    —                   1,609
                       Share of post-acquisition other comprehensive expense                                                               —                       (32)

                                                                                                                                           —                 27,077


                   Details of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follow:

                                                                                                                            Proportion of
                                                                                                                         ownership interest/
                                                                   Place of                 Particulars of                   voting rights
                                                                   incorporation/         issued and paid                 held by the Group            Principal
                       Name of entity                              establishment               up capital                 as at 31 December            activity
                                                                                                                         2019                2018
                                                                                                                      (note 38)              (note)

                       Zhu Guang Sheng Ye Factoring Limited#       PRC                    RMB50,000,000                 100%                 51%       Provision of
                         (珠光盛業商業保理有限公司)(“ZGSY”)                                                                                                        factoring service

                   #
                            English translated name is for identification purpose only.

                   Note:    Based on the legal form and terms of the contractual arrangements, the investment in ZGSY is classified as a joint venture as major decisions
                            require the unanimous consent among the shareholders.



                   Summarised financial information of the joint venture

                   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s joint venture is set out below. The summarised financial
                   information below represents amounts shown in the joint venture’s financial statements prepared in accordance
                   with HKFRSs.

                   The joint venture is accounted for using the equity method in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
                                                                             Annual Report 2019          111


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES (continued)
   (a) Investment in a joint venture (continued)
       ZGSY

                                                                                       31/12/2018
                                                                                          RMB’000

        Current assets                                                                      54,065
        Non-current assets                                                                     294

        Current liabilities                                                                  (1,266)

        Cash and cash equivalents                                                            1,541

        Current financial liabilities (excluding other payables)                                 —



                                                                                              2018
                                                                                          RMB’000

        Revenue                                                                              4,769

        Impairment losses on factoring assets                                                  (240)

        Profit before taxation                                                               4,609

        Profit for the year                                                                  3,481

        Other comprehensive expense for the year                                                (62)

        Total comprehensive income for the year                                              3,419

        Dividends received from ZGSY during the year                                             —

        Depreciation and amortisation                                                            —

        Interest income                                                                          38

        Interest expense                                                                         —

        Taxation                                                                             (1,128)
112   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES (continued)
            (a) Investment in a joint venture (continued)
                   ZGSY (continued)

                   Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the investment in ZGSY
                   recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                                   31/12/2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000

                     Net assets of ZGSY                                                                                53,093
                     Proportion of the Group’s ownership investment in ZGSY                                              51%

                     Carrying amount of the Group’s investment in ZGSY                                                 27,077



            (b) Investments in associates
                   Details of the Group’s investments in associates are as follows:

                                                                                                 31/12/2019        31/12/2018
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

                     Cost of investments in associates, unlisted                                     56,000            48,000
                     Share of post-acquisition profit                                                 9,322              4,705
                     Share of post-acquisition OCI                                                    2,258               835

                                                                                                     67,580            53,540
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019              113


                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES (continued)
   (b) Investments in associates (continued)
       Details of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                 Proportion of
                                                                                                              ownership interest/
                                                                      Place of           Particulars of          voting rights
                                                                      incorporation/   authorised and             held by the
             Name of entity                                           establishment     paid up capital           Group as at               Principal activity
                                                                                                          31/12/2019         31/12/2018

             Wuxi Guojin Factoring Limited #                          PRC              RMB100,000,000            40%               40%      Provision of
               (無錫國金商業保理有限公司) (“WXGJ”)                                                 RMB100,000,000                                         factoring service

             Shenzhen Sheng Ye Non-Financing
               Guarantee Limited #                                    PRC               RMB30,000,000            20%               20%      Provision of
               (深圳市盛業非融資性擔保有限責任公司)                                                      RMB30,000,000                                         non-financing
               (“SYNFGL”)                                                                                                                     guarantee service

             Hong Ji Factoring (Shenzhen) Limited #                   PRC              RMB100,000,000            10%               10%      Provision of
               (弘基商業保理（深圳）有限公司) (“HJ”)                                                 RMB100,000,000                                         factoring service
               (note i)

             Shenzhen Sheng Ye Dun Hao Gold Chain                     PRC              RMB100,000,000             N/A              20%      Provision of
               Factoring Co., Ltd. #                                                     RMB5,000,000         (note ii)                       factoring service
               (深圳盛業敦豪金鏈商業保理股份有限公司)

             Shenzhen Sheng Peng Non-Financing
               Guarantee Limited #                                    PRC               RMB30,000,000             N/A              20%      Provision of
               (深圳市盛鵬非融資性擔保有限責任公司)                                                                  —         (note iii)                      non-financing
               (“SPNFGL”)                                                                                                                     guarantee service


       #           English translated name is for identification purpose only.

       Notes:

       (i)         The Group is able to exercise significant influence over the entity because it has the power to appoint one out of three directors of the entity
                   under the articles of association of the entity.

       (ii)        In February 2019, the Group disposed of investment in Shenzhen Sheng Ye Dun Hao Gold Chain Factoring Co., Ltd, an associate of the Group,
                   to an independent third party at consideration of RMB1,000,000, which resulted in the Group recognising a gain of RMB230,000 in profit or
                   loss.

       (iii)       In December 2019, the Group disposed of investment in SPNFGL, an associate of the Group, which resulted in the Group recognising a gain of
                   RMB147,000 in profit or loss.
114   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES (continued)
            (b) Investments in associates (continued)
                   Summarised financial information of the material associate

                   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associate is set out below. The summarised
                   financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements prepared in
                   accordance with HKFRSs.

                   The associate is accounted for using the equity method in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


                   WXGJ

                                                                                                      31/12/2019         31/12/2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

                     Current assets                                                                      655,525              222,385

                     Non-current assets                                                                  145,416                   87

                     Current liabilities                                                                 688,261              120,731


                                                                                                            2019                 2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000

                     Revenue                                                                              43,026                2,227

                     Profit before taxation                                                               10,827                   71

                     Profit for the year                                                                    8,102                  53

                     OCI for the year                                                                       2,837               1,688

                     Total comprehensive income for the year                                              10,939                1,741

                     Dividends received from the associate during the year                                     —                   —
                                                                                                Annual Report 2019          115


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




21. INVESTMENT(S) IN A JOINT VENTURE/ASSOCIATES (continued)
   (b) Investments in associates (continued)
       Summarised financial information of the material associate (continued)

       WXGJ (continued)

       Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the investment in WXGJ
       recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                     31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

        Net assets of WXGJ                                                              112,680              101,741
        Proportion of the Group’s ownership investment in WXGJ                              40%                  40%

        Carrying amount of the Group’s investment in WXGJ                                45,072                40,696



       Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material

                                                                                            2019                 2018
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

        The Group’s share of profit from continuing operations                               999                4,684

        The Group’s share of OCI                                                             288                  160

        The Group’s share of total comprehensive income                                    1,287                4,844

        Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in these associates         22,508                12,844
116   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      22. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                              31/12/2019

                                                                                                           Assets           Liabilities
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

              Cross currency swap contracts                                                                   700               2,359
              Foreign currency forward contract                                                                 51                  —

                                                                                                              751               2,359


            Analysed for financial reporting purpose based on maturity dates:

                                                                                                              31/12/2019

                                                                                                           Assets           Liabilities
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

              Current                                                                                         751               2,359


            The above derivatives are measured at fair values at the end of the reporting period and changes in fair value are
            recognised in the profit or loss. Their fair values are determined by Fairdex Valuation Advisory Limited, an independent
            valuer, based on appropriate valuation techniques as detailed in note 36(c).

            At 31 December 2019, the security deposits of RMB3,550,000 and bank deposits of RMB6,904,000 were pledged as
            security for the derivative financial instruments (2018: nil). The balance of the security deposits and bank deposits can be
            applied and used to settle any outstanding payments for the corresponding contracts if default occurs.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2019          117


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




22. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   Cross currency swap contracts
   The major terms of the outstanding Cross currency swap contracts at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


   At 31 December 2019

                              Commencement                            Contracted
    Notional amounts          dates                Maturity dates     swap rates                 Interest rates

    HKD70,000,000             12/07/2019           10/06/2020         HKD:RMB 1:0.8784           From 5.15% per annum to
                                                                      HKD against RMB            3 months Hong Kong
                                                                      swap rates                 Interbank Offered Rate
                                                                                                 (“HIBOR”) plus 2.4%

    HKD50,000,000             16/08/2019           01/07/2020         HKD:RMB 1:0.8975           From 5.13% per annum to
                                                                      HKD against RMB            3 months HIBOR
                                                                      swap rates                 plus 2.4%

    USD1,500,000              27/09/2019           31/08/2020         USD:RMB 1:7.1281           From 4.06% per annum to
                                                                      USD against RMB            3 months London
                                                                      swap rates                 Interbank Offered Rate
                                                                                                 (“LIBOR”) plus 1.4%

    USD8,500,000              27/09/2019           31/08/2020         USD:RMB 1:7.1043           From 4.00% per annum to
                                                                      USD against RMB            3 months LIBOR
                                                                      swap rates                 plus 1.4%

    USD8,600,000              20/12/2019           26/11/2020         USD:RMB 1:7.0150           From 4.07% per annum to
                                                                      USD against RMB            3 months LIBOR
                                                                      swap rates                 plus 1.5%
118   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      22. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            Foreign currency forward contract
            The major terms of the outstanding foreign currency forward contract at the end of the reporting period is as follow:


            At 31 December 2019

              Notional amount                      Maturity date                          Contracted exchange rate

              Buy EUR1,400,000                     03/09/2020                             EUR:RMB
                                                                                          1:7.9500


            The Group entered into cross currency swap contracts to manage its foreign currency risk exposures and interest risk
            exposures arising from certain of its variable-rate bank borrowings denominated in HK$ and US$.

            The Group entered into foreign currency forward contract to manage its foreign currency risk exposure arising from its
            variable-rate bank borrowing denominated in EUR€.


      23. LOAN RECEIVABLE
                                                                                                      31/12/2019         31/12/2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000

              Carrying amount receivable based on maturity set out in the loan agreement:
                 – Within one year                                                                        13,410              13,143
              Less: ECL allowance                                                                          (4,344)              (157)

                                                                                                           9,066              12,986


            As at 31 December 2019, the guaranteed and unsecured loan receivable from a third party amounting of HK$15,000,000
            (equivalent to RMB13,410,000) bearing a fixed interest rate of 14.5% per annum, was due on 5 December 2019. The loan
            contract was agreed by both parties to extend to 5 March 2020 on 3 December 2019. On 5 March 2020, the principal of
            HK$1,450,000 was repaid and the remaining balance of HK$13,550,000 was extended to 5 September 2020. The loan
            receivable is guaranteed by the debtor’s immediate holding company and a beneficial owner of the immediate holding
            company. The directors of the Company assessed the status of extension, guarantee for the debt, the financial position of
            the debtor as well as the economic outlook of the industries in which the debtor operate, and concluded that there are
            significant increase in credit risk of these amounts since initial recognition and the Group provided impairment based on
            lifetime ECL.

            Included in the carrying amount of the loan receivable as at 31 December 2019 is accumulated impairment losses of
            RMB4,344,000 (2018: RMB157,000). Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 36(b).
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019          119


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




24. RECEIVABLES FROM GUARANTEE CUSTOMERS/TRADE RECEIVABLES/
    OTHER RECEIVABLES, PREPAYMENTS AND OTHERS
   (a) Receivables from guarantee customers
         For guarantee service which is recognised in accordance with HKFRS 9, the Group recognises receivables from
         guarantee customers equal to the guarantee fees less amounts that the Group received from the customer.

         The following is an aged analysis of receivables from guarantee customers presented based on the date of payment.

                                                                                             31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

          0-30 days                                                                                7,700                    —



   (b) Trade receivables

                                                                                             31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

          Contracts with customers of information technology and other services                      403                    —


         The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables presented based on the date of rendering of services.

                                                                                             31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

          0-30 days                                                                                  403                    —



   (c)   Other receivables, prepayments and others

                                                                                             31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000

          Security deposits for borrowings (note 28(a))                                            6,296                    —
          Security deposits for derivative financial instruments (note 22)                         3,550                    —
          Refundable rental deposits                                                               2,242                1,404
          Prepayments                                                                              1,900                1,600
          Value-added tax recoverable                                                                 24                3,794
          Other receivables                                                                        2,101                1,094

                                                                                                  16,113                7,892
120   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      25. PLEDGED STRUCTURED DEPOSIT/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK
          BALANCES AND CASH
            The ranges of effective interest rates/market rates on the Group’s pledged structured deposit/pledged bank deposits/bank
            balances are as follows:


                                                                                                       Range of interest rates
                                                                                                            (per annum)

                                                                                                       31/12/2019       31/12/2018
                                                                                                               %                  %

              Fixed-rate pledged structured deposit                                                          1.66                 —
              Fixed-rate pledged bank deposits                                                            0~2.40                 2.15
              Market rate bank balances                                                                   0~1.73            0~1.61


            As at 31 December 2019, a pledged structured deposit of HK$10,000,000 (equivalent to RMB9,000,000) will be released
            upon the settlement of relevant bank overdraft.

            An analysis of the Group’s pledged bank deposits for the reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                                       31/12/2019       31/12/2018
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

              The bank deposits pledged for:
                 – bank borrowings (note 28)                                                              59,446             8,764
                 – loan guarantee contracts in relation to third parties (note 27)                        20,000                  —
                 – cross currency swap contracts (note 22)                                                  6,904                 —

                                                                                                          86,350             8,764


            For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group performed impairment assessment on pledged structured deposit,
            pledged bank deposits and bank balances and concluded that the probability of defaults of the counterparty banks are
            insignificant and accordingly, no allowance for credit losses is provided.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019          121


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




25. PLEDGED STRUCTURED DEPOSIT/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS/BANK
    BALANCES AND CASH (continued)
   The pledged structured deposit, pledged bank deposits and bank balances that are denominated in currencies other than
   the functional currencies of each entity are set out below:

                                                                                        31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

    Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”)                                                                45,380               10,027
    US Dollars (“US$”)                                                                          719                  110
    Great Britain Pound (“GBP£”)                                                                 13                    13

                                                                                             46,112               10,150



26. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUED CHARGES
                                                                                        31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000

    Accrued charges                                                                          40,661               22,836
    Other tax payables                                                                       27,197               28,113
    Advance receipt from disposal of investment in an associate                                 600                    —
    Deposits from customers                                                                       —                3,000
    Other payables                                                                            5,282                1,462

                                                                                             73,740               55,411
122   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      27. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM GUARANTEE CONTRACTS
                                                                        31/12/2019                              31/12/2018

                                                         Premium less                            Premium less
                                                         accumulated           ECL    Carrying   accumulated            ECL    Carrying
                                                         amortisation     provision   amount     accumulated       provision    amount
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

              Loan guarantee contracts in relation to:                                                    —              —          —
                – third parties (note i)                        8,299         6,276     8,914             —              —          —
                – an associate (note ii)                        2,070         1,069     2,247             —              —          —
              Guarantee contracts to
                suppliers in relation to:
                – non-payment of payables (note iii)             889           653        889             —              —          —

                                                              11,258          7,998    12,050             —              —          —


            At the end of the reporting period, the directors of the Company has assessed the past due status of the debts under
            guarantee, the financial position of the debtors as well as the economic outlook of the industries in which the debtors
            operate, and concluded that there has been no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the guarantee
            contracts.
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019              123


                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




27. LIABILITIES ARISING FROM GUARANTEE CONTRACTS (continued)
   The following is the maximum amount of the Group has guaranteed under the contracts and details of liabilities arising
   from guarantee contracts.

                                                                                                                          31/12/2019                31/12/2018
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                   RMB’000

         Loan guarantee contracts in relation to
           – third parties (note i)                                                                                            456,788                          —
           – an associate (note ii)                                                                                            270,000                    48,000
         Guarantee contracts to suppliers in relation to non-payment of payables (note iii)                                     46,608                          —

                                                                                                                               773,396                    48,000


   Notes:

   (i)       As at 31 December 2019, the Group provided guarantee services for loan guarantee customers which are third parties of the maximum amount of
             RMB456,788,000 and placed bank deposits of RMB20,000,000 to lenders. The Group has to pay on behalf of loan guarantee customers to lenders
             when the customers defaulted in settlement of their outstanding liabilities with lenders when due, after deduction of the bank deposits placed to
             lenders.

             As at 31 December 2019, the directors of the Company have performed impairment assessment, and concluded that there has been no significant
             increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial guarantee contracts. Accordingly, the loss allowance for financial guarantee contracts
             issued by the Group is measured at an amount equal to 12m ECL. An amount of RMB6,276,000 has been estimated as a loss allowance as at 31
             December 2019 in accordance with HKFRS 9, an amount of RMB615,000 loss allowance was recognised in the profit or loss because the premium
             received less cumulative amount of certain contracts were lower than the amount of loss allowance.

   (ii)      As at 31 December 2019, the Group provided guarantees to loans amounting to RMB675,000,000 (31 December 2018: RMB120,000,000), raised by an
             associate of the Group from the controlling shareholder, its related party of the associate and its lenders. The guaranteed amounts were approximately
             40% of all sums payable by the associate.

             For the loan guarantee contracts, the maximum amount that the Group has guaranteed under the respective contracts was RMB270,000,000 (31
             December 2018: RMB48,000,000). Fair value initially recognised in relation to the loan guarantees by the Group amounted to RMB3,522,000 (31
             December 2018: the fair value of the guarantee was insignificant).

             As at 31 December 2019, the directors of the Company have performed impairment assessment, and concluded that there has been no significant
             increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial guarantee contracts. Accordingly, the loss allowance for financial guarantee contracts
             issued by the Group is measured at an amount equal to 12m ECL. An amount of RMB1,069,000 has been estimated as a loss allowance as at 31
             December 2019 (31 December 2018: the impairment was insignificant) in accordance with HKFRS 9, an amount of RMB177,000 loss allowance
             was recognised in the profit or loss because the premium received less cumulative amount of certain contracts were lower than the amount of loss
             allowance.

   (iii)     The Group provided guarantee services to independent third parties, which are the suppliers of the Group’s customers of guarantee services. The
             Group has to pay on behalf of the customers to their suppliers when the customers defaulted in settlement of the outstanding payables when due. The
             maximum amount that the Group has guaranteed under the contracts was RMB46,608,000 as at 31 December 2019.

             As at 31 December 2019, the directors of the Company have performed impairment assessment, and concluded that there has been no significant
             increase in credit risk since initial recognition of the financial guarantee contracts. Accordingly, the loss allowance for financial guarantee contracts
             issued by the Group is measured at an amount equal to 12m ECL. An amount of RMB653,000 has been estimated as a loss allowance as at 31
             December 2019 in accordance with HKFRS 9, however, no loss allowance was recognised in the profit or loss because the premium received less
             cumulative amount recognised in profit or loss was higher than expected amount of loss allowance.

   (iv)      Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 36(b).
124   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      28. BORROWINGS/BANK OVERDRAFT
            (a) Borrowings

                                                                                                                    31/12/2019   31/12/2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000

                       Bank borrowings                                                                                469,495       16,648
                       Entrusted loans                                                                                445,376            —
                       Bills discounted                                                                                31,107       61,818
                       Bonds                                                                                                —      713,490
                       Other loans                                                                                    921,321      120,000

                                                                                                                     1,867,299     911,956

                       Secured                                                                                        560,633       78,466
                       Unsecured                                                                                     1,306,666     833,490

                                                                                                                     1,867,299     911,956

                       The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable*:
                         Within one year                                                                             1,475,574     911,956

                       The carrying amounts of the above borrowings that contain
                         a repayment on demand clause (shown under current liabilities)
                         but repayable:
                         Within one year                                                                              391,725            —

                       Amounts shown under current liabilities                                                       1,867,299     911,956


                   *       The amounts due are based on scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2019       125


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




28. BORROWINGS/BANK OVERDRAFT (continued)
   (a) Borrowings (continued)
       The exposure of the Group’s variable-rate borrowing and fixed-rate borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                          31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

        Fixed-rate borrowings                                                              1,502,030             895,308
        Variable-rate borrowings                                                            365,269                16,648

                                                                                           1,867,299             911,956


       The Group’s variable-rate borrowings carry interest at HIBOR, LIBOR or Europe Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”).

       The ranges of effective interest rates on the Group’s borrowings are as follows:

                                                                                          31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                                   %                    %

        Range of fixed-rate borrowings interest rates (per annum)                         4.00~10.00           5.00~7.00
        Range of variable-rate borrowings interest rates (per annum)                       2.30~5.35                  5.32


       As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s borrowings of RMB447,668,000 were secured by charge over certain
       factoring assets of the Group with an aggregate carrying values of RMB462,512,000, in respect of which the legal
       title and legal right to receive cash flows was also transferred to the lenders.

       As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of bills discounted borrowings is RMB31,107,000 (2018:
       RMB61,818,000). The bills received from customers as pledged to factoring assets with par value of RMB31,632,000
       (2018: RMB62,191,000) were discounted to the bank.

       As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s bank borrowings of RMB362,453,000 (2018: RMB16,648,000) were
       secured by charge over certain bank deposits of RMB59,446,000 (2018: RMB8,764,000) and security deposits
       of RMB6,296,000 (2018: nil), in respect of which the legal title and legal right to receive cash flows was also
       transferred to the banks.

       As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s borrowings of RMB418,490,000 (2018: RMB730,138,000) were guaranteed
       by the Company, a PRC subsidiary and/or a Hong Kong subsidiary.

       Details of the transfer of financial assets are set out in note 36(d).
126   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      28. BORROWINGS/BANK OVERDRAFT (continued)
            (a) Borrowings (continued)
                   The Group’s borrowings that are denominated in currencies other the functional currencies of the relevant group
                   entities are set out below:

                                                                                                    31/12/2019         31/12/2018
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

                     HK$                                                                               290,390             16,648
                     US$                                                                               171,863                  —
                     EUR€                                                                               46,950                  —

                                                                                                       509,203             16,648



            (b) Bank overdraft
                   As at 31 December 2019, the bank overdraft amounted to HK$19,943,000 (equivalent to RMB17,864,000), which is
                   repayable on demand, carrying interest rate per annum at the rate of the benchmark rate offered by the HIBOR plus
                   2.25% per annum, guaranteed by the Company and a PRC subsidiary and pledged by structured deposit amounting
                   to HK$10,000,000 (equivalent to RMB9,000,000).
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2019          127


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




29. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                  31/12/2019
                                                                                                                    RMB’000

    Lease liabilities payable:
    Within one year                                                                                                     6,613
    Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                                   7,379
    Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                                                 8,069

                                                                                                                       22,061

    Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under current liabilities                                     (6,613)

    Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                                      15,448


   Lease obligations that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group entities are
   set out below:

                                                                                                                  31/12/2019
                                                                                                                    RMB’000

    HK$                                                                                                                   492
128   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      30. SHARE CAPITAL
            Details of movements of share capital of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Number of shares                Share capital
                                                                                                                                                               HK$

              Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
              Authorised:
              At 1 January 2018, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                                                  5,000,000,000                 50,000,000


                                                                                                                   Number of shares                Share capital
                                                                                                                                                               HK$

              Issued:
              At 1 January 2018                                                                                            740,000,000                 7,400,000
              Issue of new shares from placing (note)                                                                      138,484,000                 1,384,840
              Exercise of share options (note 32)                                                                                  356,500                   3,565

              At 31 December 2018                                                                                          878,840,500                 8,788,405
              Exercise of share options (note 32)                                                                                 1,475,500                14,755

              At 31 December 2019                                                                                          880,316,000                 8,803,160


                                                                                                                                    31/12/2019        31/12/2018
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

              Shown in the consolidated statement of financial position                                                                  7,636               7,623


            Note:   On 28 June 2018, the Company, Wisdom Cosmos Limited (“Wisdom Cosmos”), the immediate holding of the Company, Oversea-Chinese Banking
                    Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) and Macquarie Capital Limited (“Macquarie”) (OCBC and Macquarie referred to as the “Joint Placing Agents”) entered
                    into a placing agreement pursuant to which Wisdom Cosmos agreed to place, through the Joint Placing Agents on a best effort basis, a maximum of
                    148,000,000 existing placing shares at the placing price of HK$6.00 per placing share (the “Placing”).

                    At the same date, Wisdom Cosmos and the Company also entered into a subscription agreement under which Wisdom Cosmos conditionally agreed to
                    subscribe for, and the Company conditionally agreed to issue, the subscription shares (the “Subscription”).

                    The Placing and the Subscription were completed on 4 July and 11 July 2018 respectively. An aggregate of 138,484,000 subscription shares (equals to
                    the number of the placing shares successfully placed under the Placing) were subscribed by Wisdom Cosmos at the subscription price of HK$6.00 for
                    each subscription share. The Company received total net proceeds of approximately HK$819.5 million (equivalent to approximately RMB698 million, net
                    of transaction costs amount of RMB9.2 million) from the Placing and the Subscription. Details are set out in the Company’s announcements dated 28
                    June 2018 and 11 July 2018.


            All the shares issued during the year ranked pari passu in all respects with the then existing shares in issue.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2019          129


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




31. OPERATING LEASES/CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
   (a) Operating leases
       The Group as lessee

                                                                                                                 2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000

        Minimum lease payments paid under operating leases during the year                                      3,835


       The Group had commitments for future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases which fall
       due as follows:

                                                                                                          31/12/2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000

        Within one year                                                                                         4,990
        After one year but within five years                                                                    3,408

                                                                                                                8,398



   (b) Capital commitments

                                                                                     31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

        Capital expenditure contracted for but not provided for
          in the consolidated financial statements
          – Intangible assets                                                                572                  378
          – Investments in associates                                                          —               29,000

                                                                                             572               29,378
130   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
            Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company
            The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”), was adopted pursuant to resolutions passed on 11 September 2017
            and 14 November 2018 (“Option Grant Date”) for the primary purpose of providing incentives to directors and eligible
            employees, and will expire on 10 September 2022 and 13 November 2023 respectively. Under the Scheme, the board
            of directors of the Company may grant options to eligible employees, including a director and certain independent non-
            executive directors of the Company and the management of an associate of the Company, to subscribe for shares in the
            Company.

            At 31 December 2019, the number of shares in respect of which options had been granted and remained outstanding
            under the Scheme was 16,063,000 (31 December 2018: 19,873,500), representing 1.82% (31 December 2018: 2.26%)
            of the shares of the Company in issue at that date. The total number of shares in respect of which options may be granted
            under the Scheme is not permitted to exceed 10% of the shares of the Company in issue at any point in time, without
            prior approval from the Company’s shareholders.

            Options granted must be offered for acceptance for a period of not less than 28 days, upon payment of HK$1.00 by
            each of eligible employees determined by the board of directors of the Company. Options may be exercised at any time
            from 12 months from the date of grant of the share option to the 5 anniversary of the date of grant. The exercise price is
            determined by the directors of the Company, and shall be the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares on
            the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of
            grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share.

            Details of specific categories of options are as follows:

            Equity-settled share option scheme on 11 September 2017:

                                     Date of grant Vesting period           Exercise period           Exercise Price    Exercise dates

              Tranche 1              11/9/2017      11/9/2017-10/9/2018     11/9/2018-10/9/2022       HK$4.20           11/9/2018
              Tranche 2              11/9/2017      11/9/2017-10/9/2019     11/9/2019-10/9/2022       HK$4.20           11/9/2019
              Tranche 3              11/9/2017      11/9/2017-10/9/2020     11/9/2020-10/9/2022       HK$4.20           11/9/2020


            Equity-settled share option scheme on 14 November 2018:

                                     Date of grant Vesting period           Exercise period           Exercise Price    Exercise dates

              Tranche 4              14/11/2018     14/11/2018-13/11/2019   14/11/2019-13/11/2023     HK$6.90           14/11/2019
              Tranche 5              14/11/2018     14/11/2018-13/11/2020   14/11/2020-13/11/2023     HK$6.90           14/11/2020
              Tranche 6              14/11/2018     14/11/2018-13/11/2021   14/11/2021-13/11/2023     HK$6.90           14/11/2021
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2019         131


                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (continued)
   The following table discloses movements of the Company’s share options held by the directors of the Company and
   employees of the Group during both years:

                                                     Outstanding at      Granted      Forfeited      Exercised       Outstanding at
    Grantee            Exercise period               1 January 2019   during year   during year    during year     31 December 2019

    Directors          11/9/2018-10/9/2022                 500,000            —              —               —              500,000
                       11/9/2019-10/9/2022                 500,000            —              —               —              500,000
                       11/9/2020-10/9/2022                1,000,000           —              —               —             1,000,000
                       14/11/2019-13/11/2023               400,000            —              —               —              400,000
                       14/11/2020-13/11/2023               400,000            —              —               —              400,000
                       14/11/2021-13/11/2023               800,000            —              —               —              800,000

                                                          3,600,000           —              —               —             3,600,000

    Exercisable at the end of the reporting period         500,000                                                         1,400,000

    Weighted average exercise price per share                  5.40           —              —               —                  5.40


                                                     Outstanding at      Granted      Forfeited      Exercised       Outstanding at
    Grantee            Exercise period               1 January 2019   during year   during year    during year     31 December 2019

    Employees          11/9/2018-10/9/2022                1,958,500           —              —        (897,500)            1,061,000
                       11/9/2019-10/9/2022                2,315,000           —        (130,000)      (578,000)            1,607,000
                       11/9/2020-10/9/2022                4,630,000           —        (860,000)             —             3,770,000
                       14/11/2019-13/11/2023              1,842,500           —        (336,250)             —             1,506,250
                       14/11/2020-13/11/2023              1,842,500           —        (336,250)             —             1,506,250
                       14/11/2021-13/11/2023              3,685,000           —        (672,500)             —             3,012,500

                                                         16,273,500           —      (2,335,000)     (1,475,500)         12,463,000

    Exercisable at the end of the reporting period        1,958,500                                                        4,174,250

    Weighted average exercise price per share                  5.42           —            5.76            4.20                 5.51
132   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (continued)

                                                               Outstanding at      Granted      Forfeited      Exercised      Outstanding at
              Grantee            Exercise period               1 January 2018   during year   during year    during year    31 December 2018

              Directors          11/9/2018-10/9/2022                 500,000            —              —              —              500,000
                                 11/9/2019-10/9/2022                 500,000            —              —              —              500,000
                                 11/9/2020-10/9/2022                1,000,000           —              —              —            1,000,000
                                 14/11/2019-13/11/2023                     —       400,000             —              —              400,000
                                 14/11/2020-13/11/2023                     —       400,000             —              —              400,000
                                 14/11/2021-13/11/2023                     —       800,000             —              —              800,000

                                                                    2,000,000    1,600,000             —              —            3,600,000

              Exercisable at the end of the reporting period               —                                                         500,000

              Weighted average exercise price per share                  4.20          6.90            —              —                 5.40


                                                               Outstanding at      Granted      Forfeited      Exercised      Outstanding at
              Grantee            Exercise period               1 January 2018   during year   during year    during year    31 December 2018

              Employees          11/9/2018-10/9/2022                2,617,500           —        (302,500)      (356,500)          1,958,500
                                 11/9/2019-10/9/2022                2,617,500           —        (302,500)            —            2,315,000
                                 11/9/2020-10/9/2022                5,235,000           —        (605,000)            —            4,630,000
                                 14/11/2019-13/11/2023                     —     1,842,500             —              —            1,842,500
                                 14/11/2020-13/11/2023                     —     1,842,500             —              —            1,842,500
                                 14/11/2021-13/11/2023                     —     3,685,000             —              —            3,685,000

                                                                   10,470,000    7,370,000     (1,210,000)      (356,500)         16,273,500

              Exercisable at the end of the reporting period               —                                                       1,958,500

              Weighted average exercise price per share                  4.20          6.90          4.20           4.20                5.42
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2019          133


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




32. SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   Equity-settled share option scheme of the Company (continued)
   These fair values were calculated using the Binomial model. The inputs into the model were as follows:

   Equity-settled share option scheme on 11 September 2017:

                                                                 Tranche 1               Tranche 2                  Tranche 3

    Grant date                                         11 September 2017         11 September 2017        11 September 2017
    Fair value at grant date                                      HK$1.29                  HK$1.42                    HK$1.52
    Share price                                                   HK$4.09                  HK$4.09                    HK$4.09
    Exercise price                                                HK$4.20                  HK$4.20                    HK$4.20
    Expected volatility                                            45.00%                  45.00%                      45.00%
    Expected life                                                   5 years                 5 years                     5 years
    Exercise period                                  11/9/2018-10/9/2022        11/9/2019-10/9/2022     11/9/2020-10/9/2022
    Risk-free rate                                                   1.00%                  1.00%                       1.00%
    Expected dividend yield                                                 —                    —                           —


   Equity-settled share option scheme on 14 November 2018:

                                                                 Tranche 4               Tranche 5                  Tranche 6

    Grant date                                         14 November 2018          14 November 2018         14 November 2018
    Fair value at grant date                                      HK$2.13                  HK$2.31                    HK$2.44
    Share price                                                   HK$6.87                  HK$6.87                    HK$6.87
    Exercise price                                                HK$6.90                  HK$6.90                    HK$6.90
    Expected volatility                                            43.00%                  43.00%                      43.00%
    Expected life                                                   5 years                 5 years                     5 years
    Exercise period                               14/11/2019-13/11/2023 14/11/2020-13/11/2023 14/11/2021-13/11/2023
    Risk-free rate                                                   2.25%                  2.25%                       2.25%
    Expected dividend yield                                             1%                     1%                           1%


   Expected volatility was adopted as of the valuation date with reference to the annualised standard deviation of the
   continuously compounded rates of return on the daily average adjusted share price of a set of comparable companies.
   The expected life used in the model has been adjusted, based on management’s best estimate, for the effects of non-
   transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

   The Group recognised the total expense of RMB10,006,000 for the year ended 31 December 2019 (2018: RMB7,341,000)
   in relation to share options granted by the Company.
134   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      33. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME
            The Group operates a Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme (“MPF Scheme”) for all its qualifying employees in Hong Kong.
            The assets of the scheme are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the control of trustees. Under the
            rule of MPF Scheme, the Group and its employees are each required to make a contribution to the MPF Scheme at 5%
            of the employees’ relevant income subject to a cap of monthly relevant income as specified in the rules. No forfeited
            contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in the future years.

            The Group participates in a state-managed defined contribution retirement scheme organised by the relevant local
            government authority in the PRC. PRC employees of the Group eligible to participate in the retirement scheme are entitled
            to retirement benefits from the scheme. The Group is required to make monthly contributions to the retirement scheme
            of the eligible employees at specified percentage, ranging from 13% to 16% of the payroll and the local government
            authority is responsible for the pension liabilities to these employees upon their retirement.

            Total cost recognised in profit or loss and capitalised in development costs in respect of contributions paid or payable
            to the schemes by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2019 is RMB4,255,000 (2018: RMB2,787,000). As at 31
            December 2019, contributions due in respect of the year ended 31 December 2019 had been paid over to the plans.


      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            (a) Related party balances
                   (i)    Other receivables - refundable rental deposits

                            Name of Related Party             Relationship                               31/12/2019    31/12/2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

                            Bondlink Investment Limited       Related company with
                                                                controlling shareholder                          496           485



                   (ii)   Factoring assets at FVTOCI

                            Name of Related Party             Relationship                               31/12/2019    31/12/2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000

                            HJ                                Associate                                      181,472         9,177


                          The remaining balance of fixed-rate factoring assets at FVTOCI carries interest at the range of 10.20% to
                          17.00% with principal amount of RMB180,879,000 within one year.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019          135


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (a) Related party balances (continued)
       (iii)   Loans from a related party

                Name of Related Party           Relationship                            31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                HJ                              Associate                                        —               10,005


               As at 31 December 2018, the remaining loan principal is RMB10,000,000 with a total carrying amount of
               RMB10,005,000. The amount represents a loan, due within one year, from an associate of the Company
               carrying interest at 6.00% per annum. The amount outstanding as at 31 December 2018 was fully settled in
               January 2019.


       (iv)    Contract liabilities

                Name of Related Party           Relationship                            31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

                WXGJ                            Associate                                      393                    —
                HJ                              Associate                                      279                  203
                SYNFGL                          Associate                                        —                  204
                SPNFGL                          Associate                                        —                  204

                                                                                               672                  611
136   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (a) Related party balances (continued)
                   (v)    Liabilities arising from guarantee contracts

                            Name of Related Party        Relationship    31/12/2019   31/12/2018
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

                            WXGJ                         Associate            2,247           —



            (b) Related party transactions
                   (i)    Revenue from related parties

                            Name of Related Party        Relationship         2019         2018
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

                            HJ                           Associate          13,090       10,760
                            WXGJ                         Associate            1,697           —
                            SYNFGL                       Associate            1,289         539
                            SPNFGL                       Associate             261          445

                                                                            16,337       11,744
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019               137


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
   (b) Related party transactions (continued)
       (ii)    Interest income from loans to associates

                Name of Related Party                         Relationship                                                    2019                     2018
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

                SPNFGL                                        Associate                                                          33                        —
                SYNFGL                                        Associate                                                          31                      791

                                                                                                                                 64                      791



       (iii)   Interest expenses on loans from related parties

                Name of Related Party                         Relationship                                                    2019                     2018
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

                WXGJ (note)                                   Associate                                                    11,187                        122
                ZGSY                                          Joint venture                                                    280                         10
                HJ                                            Associate                                                          74                          5

                                                                                                                           11,541                        137


               Note:   During the year ended 31 December 2019, loans from WXGJ amounting of RMB624,998,000 carrying interest ranging from 8.50% to
                       8.80% were received and the loans were fully repaid together with interests of RMB11,187,000.



       (iv)    Lease agreement

                                                                                                                            As at/                    As at/
                                                                                                                          For the                    For the
                                                              Nature of balances/                                   year ended                 year ended
                Relationships                                 transactions                                           31/12/2019                31/12/2018
                                                                                                                        RMB’000                   RMB’000

                Related company with                          Interest expenses
                   controlling shareholder                       on lease liabilities                                            96                        —
                                                              Lease liabilities (note)                                         492                         —
                                                              Operating lease expenses (note)                                    —                    1,487


               Note:   During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group entered into a new lease agreement for the use of building with a related
                       company of the controlling shareholder for 2 years. As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised right-of-use asset and lease liabilities of
                       RMB2,157,000 and RMB2,157,000 respectively by applying HKFRS 16 at transition.
138   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
            (c)    Compensation of key management personnel
                   The remuneration of directors of the Company and other members of key management of the Group during the
                   year is as follows:

                                                                                                             2019            2018
                                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

                     Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                               10,193           8,575
                     Share-based payment                                                                     6,265          4,816
                     Performance related bonuses                                                             5,245          3,343
                     Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                   358            298

                                                                                                           22,061          17,032


                   The remuneration of these key executives of the Group is determined by Chairman of the Company having regard
                   to the performance of individuals and market trends.


            (d) Borrowing and guarantee
                   On 11 September 2018, a related company with controlling shareholder bought bonds issued by the Group
                   amounting of RMB700,000,000. The amount outstanding as at 31 December 2018 was fully settled during the year
                   ended 31 December 2019.

                   The interest of these bonds for the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB33,621,000.

                   Details of the guarantee to an associate and borrowing are set out in notes 27 and 28, respectively.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019         139


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




35. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
   The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
   maximising the return to owners of the Company through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s
   overall strategy remains unchanged throughout the reporting period.

   The capital structure of the Group consists of loans from a related party as set out in note 34(a), borrowings and bank
   overdraft as set out in notes 28 and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and
   reserves.

   The management of the Group reviews the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the management
   of the Group considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with the share capital and borrowings, balances the
   Group’s overall capital structure through new share issues and raise of new borrowings.


36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

           Financial assets
           Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                                            3,837,348            2,818,315
           Other financial assets at FVTPL                                                            4,497                    —
           At amortised cost                                                                        506,823             250,317
           Derivative financial instruments                                                             751                    —

           Financial liabilities
           Amortised cost                                                                        1,890,445              926,423
           Liabilities arising from guarantee contracts                                              12,050                    —
           Derivative financial instruments                                                           2,359                    —



   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies
         The Group’s major financial instruments include refundable rental deposits, factoring assets at FVTOCI, other
         financial assets at FVTPL, derivative financial instruments, loan receivable, receivables from guarantee customers,
         trade receivables, other receivables, pledged structured deposit, pledged bank deposits, bank balances and cash,
         loans from a related party, other payables, borrowings, bank overdraft and financial guarantee contracts. Details of
         these instruments are disclosed in respective notes.

         The risks associated with the financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and other price
         risk), credit risk and impairment assessment and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out
         below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented
         on a timely and effective manner.
140   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Market risk

                   (i)    Currency risk

                          The Group’s exposure to foreign currency risk related primarily to bank balances, pledged structured deposit,
                          pledged bank deposits, loan receivable, other receivables, borrowings, bank overdraft and lease liabilities
                          that are denominated in HK$, US$, GBP£and EUR€. In addition, the Group entered into cross currency swap
                          contracts and foreign currency forward contracts during the year which exposed the Group to currency risk.
                          The management manages and monitors this exposure to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
                          timely and effective manner.

                          The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currencies denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the end
                          of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                            Assets                            Liabilities

                                                                    31/12/2019       31/12/2018       31/12/2019            31/12/2018
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000               RMB’000

                            HK$                                        54,942           23,498           308,254               16,648
                            US$                                          2,772             110           171,863                    —
                            GBP£                                           13               13                 —                    —
                            EUR€                                            —                —             46,950                   —
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019          141


                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Market risk (continued)

       (i)   Currency risk (continued)

             The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% appreciation and depreciation in RMB against
             HK$, US$, GBP£and EUR€, which represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change
             in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis adjusts the translation of the Group’s foreign currency
             denominated monetary assets and liabilities at the year-end by a 5% change in the respective foreign currency
             rates.

                                                                                         31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

              HK$ impact:
              5% appreciation of RMB against HK$
              Increase (decrease) in profit before taxation for the year                     12,666                   (343)
              5% depreciation of RMB against HK$
              (Decrease) increase in profit before taxation for the year                     (12,666)                 343

              US$ impact:
              5% appreciation of RMB against US$
              Increase (decrease) in profit before taxation for the year                       8,455                     (6)
              5% depreciation of RMB against US$
              (Decrease) increase in profit before taxation for the year                      (8,455)                    6

              GBP£ impact:
              5% appreciation of RMB against GBP£
              Decrease in profit before taxation for the year                                      (1)                   (1)
              5% depreciation of RMB against GBP£
              Increase in profit before taxation for the year                                       1                    1

              EUR€ impact:
              5% appreciation of RMB against EUR€
              Increase in profit before taxation for the year                                  2,348                    —
              5% depreciation of RMB against EUR€
              Decrease in profit before taxation for the year                                 (2,348)                   —
142   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Market risk (continued)

                   (i)    Currency risk (continued)

                          In relation to foreign currency forward contract:

                          If the relevant exchange rate had been 5% higher and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s
                          profit before taxation for the year would increase by approximately RMB548,000 (2018: nil).

                          If the relevant exchange rate had been 5% lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s
                          profit before taxation for the year would decrease by approximately RMB548,000 (2018: nil).

                          In relation to the cross currency swap contracts:

                          If the exchange rate relevant to the cross currency swap contracts had been 5% higher and all other
                          variables were held constant, the Group’s profit before taxation for the year would increase by approximately
                          RMB11,964,000 (2018: nil).

                          If the exchange rate relevant to the cross currency swap contracts had been 5% lower and all other variables
                          were held constant, the Group’s profit before taxation for the year would decrease by approximately
                          RMB11,964,000 (2018: nil).

                          In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk as
                          the year end date exposure does not reflect the exposure during the reporting period.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2019         143


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Market risk (continued)

       (ii)   Interest rate risk

              The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate factoring assets (see note 20 for
              details), the cross currency swap contracts(see note 22 for details), loan receivable (see note 23 for details),
              fixed-rate borrowings (see note 28 for details) and lease liabilities (see note 29 for details).

              The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rate borrowings (see note 28
              for details). The Group uses interest rate swap to reduce exposure to interest rate fluctuations associated
              with these floating-rate borrowings. The Group's cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the
              fluctuation of the People's Bank of China/HIBOR/LIBOR/EURIBOR rate arising from bank borrowings and cross
              currency swap contracts.

              Management monitors the related interest exposure closely to ensure the interest rate risks are maintained
              at an acceptable level. The level of mismatch of interest rate repricing that may be undertaken is monitored
              closely.

              The Group's exposures to interest rates on financial assets and liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk
              management section of this note. These are excluded from sensitivity analysis as the directors of the Company
              consider that the exposure of fair value interest rate risk arising from fixed-rate factoring assets, loan
              receivable, fixed-rate borrowings and lease liabilities is insignificant.


              Sensitivity analysis

              The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates risk for variable-rate
              borrowings at the end of each reporting period. 50 basis points increase or decrease is used when reporting
              interest rate risk internally to key management and represents management's assessment of the reasonably
              possible change in interest rates. If interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables
              were held constant, the Group's post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by RMB901,000 (2018:
              RMB62,000).

              If the forward interest rate curves for HIBOR and LIBOR as relevant for the cross currency swap contracts had
              been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, the Group's post-tax profit for
              the year would increase/decrease by approximately RMB658,000 (2018: nil).

              The directors of the Company consider that the exposure of fair value interest rate risk arising from variable-
              rate borrowings is insignificant as the exposure is reduced by cross currency swap contracts of the Group.

              In the opinion of the management, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the interest rate risk as the
              year end exposure does not reflect the exposure during the year.
144   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Market risk (continued)

                   (iii)   Other price risk

                           The Group’s other price risk is mainly concentrated on the factoring assets at FVTOCI. Details are set out in
                           note 20.

                           For the outstanding factoring assets at FVTOCI, if the risk adjusted discount rate of the counterparties had
                           been 1% (2018: 1%) increase/decrease, post-tax OCI for the year ended 31 December 2019 would decrease/
                           increase by RMB9,932,000/RMB10,070,000 (2018: RMB9,719,000/RMB9,852,000) as a result of the changes
                           in the market price of debt financing instrument.


                   Credit risk and impairment assessment

                   As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which may cause a financial loss to the
                   Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the
                   respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                   As at 31 December 2019, the Group’s concentration of credit risk on factoring assets included five major
                   counterparties accounting for 47% (2018: 33%) and the largest counterparty accounting for 15% (2018: 11%), of
                   the aggregate outstanding balance at the respective year end date.

                   The Group has closely monitored the recoverability of the receivables (i.e. factoring assets, receivables from
                   guarantee customers and loan receivable) to these counterparties, ensured adequate collateral is received from these
                   counterparties and taken effective measures to ensure timely collection of outstanding balances.

                   The Group is exposed to the concentration of geographical risk on revenue which is mainly generated from
                   customers located in PRC. The Group has closely monitored the business performance of these customers in PRC
                   and will consider diversifying its customer base as appropriate.

                   The carrying amount of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL best represents their respective maximum exposure to
                   credit risk. The Group holds no collateral over any of these balances.

                   Except for financial assets at FVTPL, the Group performed impairment assessment for financial assets and other
                   items under ECL model. Information about the Group’s credit risk management, maximum credit risk exposures and
                   the related impairment assessment, if applicable, are summarised as below:

                   In order to minimise the credit risk in relation to factoring assets, credit limits and credit terms granted to customers
                   are approved by delegated officers and follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the
                   management of the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model upon application of HKFRS 9 based
                   on internal credit rating. As at 31 December 2019, no factoring assets or other financial assets were past due. As
                   at 31 December 2018, the total past due amount is RMB35,000. The amounts were fully received during the year
                   ended 31 December 2019.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2019         145


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

       For guarantee service provided to customers and the loan guarantee issued by the Group to an associate, the
       management had set up the credit limit and credit terms to delegated officers. Any further extension of credit
       beyond the approved limit has to be approved by the management of the Company. As at 31 December 2019,
       the maximum amount that the Group has guaranteed under the guarantee contracts was RMB773,396,000
       (2018:RMB48,000,000). Details are set out in note 27.

       In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the credit risk of the Group is significantly reduced.

       The credit risk on liquid funds (i.e. bank balances) is limited because the majority of the counterparties are banks
       with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

       The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                              Factoring assets/
                                                                              financial guarantee
        Internal                                                               contracts/other
        credit rating     Description                                          financial assets           Trade receivables

        Low risk          The counterparty has a low risk of default          12m ECL                     Lifetime ECL -
                            and does not have any past-due amounts                                          not credit-impaired

        Watch list        The repayment schedule is extended over             Lifetime ECL -              Lifetime ECL -
                            30 days or past due or there have been                  not credit-impaired     not credit-impaired
                            significant increases in credit risk

        Loss              There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-   Lifetime ECL -              Lifetime ECL -
                            impaired or more than 90 days past-due                  credit-impaired         credit-impaired

        Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the customer      Amount is written off Amount is written off
                            is in severe financial difficulty and the
                            Group has no realistic prospect of recovery
146   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

                   The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and financial guarantee contracts,
                   which are subject to ECL assessment:

                   As at 31 December 2019

                                                                                                    Gross carrying
                                                          12m or                        Average           amount/       Impairment
                     External/Internal credit rating      lifetime ECL                  loss rate        exposure    loss allowance
                                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

                     Factoring assets at FVTOCI
                     Low risk                             12m ECL                         1.19%          3,877,938            46,080
                     Watch list                           Lifetime ECL                    6.61%              3,841               254
                                                          (not credit-impaired)
                     Loss                                 Credit-impaired                    N/A                 —                 —

                                                                                                         3,881,779            46,334

                     Financial assets at amortised cost
                     Pledged bank deposits
                     AAA/BBB+ (note i)                    12m ECL                            N/A            86,350                 —
                     Pledged structured deposit
                     BBB+ (note i)                        12m ECL                            N/A             9,000                 —
                     Bank balances and cash
                     AAA/BBB+ (note i)                    12m ECL                            N/A           377,327                 —
                     Loan receivable
                     Watch list                           Lifetime ECL                   32.39%             13,410             4,344
                                                          (not credit-impaired)
                     Receivables from guarantee
                        customers
                     Low risk                             12m ECL                         1.29%              7,801               101
                     Refundable rental deposits
                     Low risk(note i)                     12m ECL                            N/A             2,788                 —
                     Trade receivables
                     Low risk(note i)                     Lifetime ECL                       N/A               403                 —
                                                          (not credit-impaired)
                     Other receivables
                     N/A (note i) (note ii)               12m ECL                            N/A            14,189                 —

                                                                                                           511,268             4,445
                                                                                   Annual Report 2019          147


                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

                                                                       Gross carrying
                                           12m or          Average          amount/         Impairment
        External/Internal credit rating    lifetime ECL    loss rate       exposure      loss allowance
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

        Other items
        Financial guarantee
          contracts (note iii)
          – Loan guarantee contracts
            in relation to third parties
          Low risk                         12m ECL           1.37%           456,788               6,276
          – Loan guarantee contracts
            in relation to an associate
          Low risk                         12m ECL           0.40%           270,000               1,069
          – Guarantee contracts to
             suppliers
          Low risk                         12m ECL           1.40%            46,608                 653

                                                                             773,396               7,998
148   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

                   As at 31 December 2018

                                                                                                                                    Gross carrying
                                                                           12m or                                   Average                 amount/            Impairment
                         External/Internal credit rating                   lifetime ECL                             loss rate              exposure         loss allowance
                                                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

                         Factoring assets at FVTOCI
                         Low risk                                          12m ECL                                     0.95%              2,719,359                   25,707
                         Watch list                                        Lifetime ECL                                6.43%                 136,089                    8,747
                                                                           (not credit-impaired)
                         Loss                                              Credit-impaired                                 N/A                          —                   —

                                                                                                                                          2,855,448                   34,454

                         Financial assets at amortised cost
                      Pledged bank deposit
                         BBB+ (note i)                                     12m ECL                                         N/A                  8,764                       —
                      Bank balances and cash
                         AAA/BBB+ (note i)                                 12m ECL                                         N/A               226,069                        —
                      Loan receivable
                         Low risk                                          12m ECL                                     1.19%                  13,143                      157
                      Other receivables
                         N/A (note i) (note ii)                            12m ECL                                         N/A                  2,498                       —

                                                                                                                                             250,474                      157

                         Other items
                      Financial guarantee contracts
                           (notes i and iii)
                         Low risk (note i)                                 12m ECL                                         N/A                48,002                        —


                   Notes:

                   (i)          The directors of the Company reviewed and assessed the impairment under ECL model, considering that these financial assets were determined
                                to have low credit risk as these financial assets and loan guarantee contract have a low risk of default and the debtors have a strong capacity to
                                meet their contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and no loss allowance was recognised as the amount was immaterial.

                   (ii)         For the purposes of internal credit risk management, the Group uses past due information to assess whether credit risk has increased
                                significantly since initial recognition. As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, all of other receivables were not past due.

                   (iii)        For financial guarantee contract, the amount represents the maximum amount the Group has guaranteed under the contract.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019          149


                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

       The measurement of ECL is a function of the PD, LGD and the exposure at default. The assessment of the PD and
       LGD is by referencing the external data adjusted by macroeconomic factors and forward-looking information related
       to the economic inputs and the future macroeconomic conditions such as consumer price index and producer price
       index.

       The movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of factoring assets at FVTOCI during the reporting period
       were as follows:

                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         not credit-
                                                                        12m ECL           impaired                  Total
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000

        As at 1 January 2018                                              16,850                  —               16,850
        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 January:
          – Transfer to lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired                    (53)               53                    —
          – Impairment losses, net of reversal                           (16,797)                 —              (16,797)
        New financial assets purchased, net of settlement                 25,707              8,694               34,401

        As at 31 December 2018                                            25,707              8,747               34,454

        Changes due to financial instruments
          recognised as at 1 January:
          – Impairment losses, net of reversal                           (25,707)            (8,747)             (34,454)
        New financial assets purchased, net of settlement                 46,080                254               46,334

        As at 31 December 2019                                            46,080                254               46,334
150   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

                   The movements in the gross carrying amount of factoring assets at FVTOCI were as follows:

                                                                                                  Lifetime ECL
                                                                                                    not credit-
                                                                                   12m ECL            impaired           Total
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

                     As at 1 January 2018                                         1,356,532                    —    1,356,532
                     Changes due to factoring assets recognised
                        as at 1 January:
                        – Transfer to lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired              (1,879)             1,879             —
                        – Impairment losses, net of reversal                     (1,354,653)                   —    (1,354,653)
                     New financial assets purchased                              12,507,735            153,708     12,661,443
                     New financial assets settled                                (9,788,376)            (19,498)    (9,807,874)

                     As at 31 December 2018                                       2,719,359            136,089      2,855,448

                     Changes due to factoring assets recognised
                        as at 1 January:
                        – Impairment losses, net of reversal                     (2,719,359)          (136,089)     (2,855,448)
                     New financial assets purchased                              16,541,295             28,394     16,569,689
                     New financial assets settled                               (12,663,357)           (24,553)    (12,687,910)

                     As at 31 December 2019                                       3,877,938               3,841     3,881,779
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019          151


                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

       The movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of loan receivable during the reporting period were as
       follows:

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         not credit-
                                                                       12m ECL             impaired                  Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

        As at 1 January 2018                                                  —                    —                    —
        New financial assets purchased                                      157                    —                  157

        As at 31 December 2018                                              157                    —                  157

        Changes due to loan receivable
          recognised as at 1 January:
        – Transfer to lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired                    (157)                157                    —
        – Impairment losses recognised                                        —                4,187                4,187

        As at 31 December 2019                                                —                4,344                4,344


       The movements in the gross carrying amount of loan receivable were as follows:

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL
                                                                                         not credit-
                                                                       12m ECL             impaired                  Total
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000

        As at 1 January 2018                                                  —                    —                    —
        New financial assets purchased                                   13,143                    —               13,143

        As at 31 December 2018                                           13,143                    —               13,143

        Changes due to loan receivable recognised
          as at 1 January:
        – Transfer to lifetime ECL - not credit-impaired                 (13,143)            13,143                     —
        Exchange adjustments                                                  —                  267                  267

        As at 31 December 2019                                                —              13,410                13,410
152   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

                   The movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of receivables from guarantee customers during the
                   reporting period were as follows:


                                                                                                                         12m ECL
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

                     As at 1 January 2019                                                                                     —
                     New financial assets purchased                                                                          101

                     As at 31 December 2019                                                                                  101


                   The movements in the gross carrying amount of receivables from guarantee customers were as follows:

                                                                                                                         12m ECL
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

                     As at 1 January 2019                                                                                     —
                     New financial assets purchased                                                                        7,801

                     As at 31 December 2019                                                                                7,801


                   The movements in the allowance for impairment in respect of financial guarantee contracts during the reporting
                   period were as follows:

                                                                                                                         12m ECL
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

                     As at 31 December 2018                                                                                   —
                     New financial guarantee contracts purchased, net of settlement                                        7,998

                     As at 31 December 2019                                                                                7,998
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2019          153


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Credit risk and impairment assessment (continued)

       The movements in the gross carrying exposure of financial guarantee contracts were as follows:

                                                                                                                   12m ECL
                                                                                                                  RMB’000

        As at 1 January 2018                                                                                              —
        New financial guarantee contracts purchased                                                                  48,002

        As at 31 December 2018                                                                                       48,002

        Changes due to financial guarantee contracts recognised as at 1 January:
        – Impairment losses, net of reversal                                                                        (48,002)
        New financial guarantee contracts purchased                                                              1,084,845
        New financial guarantee contracts settled                                                                  (311,449)

        As at 31 December 2019                                                                                     773,396



       Liquidity risk

       In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
       deemed adequate by the management to finance the operations of the Group, and mitigate the effects of
       fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures compliance with
       loan covenants.

       The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial assets and
       financial liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial assets and
       financial liabilities.

       In addition, the following tables detail the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments. The
       tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted gross inflows and outflows on those derivatives that require
       gross settlement. When the amount payable is not fixed, the amount disclosed has been determined by reference
       to the projected interest rates as illustrated by the yield curves existing at the end of each reporting period and
       projected exchange rates. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative financial instruments is prepared based
       on the contractual maturities as the management considers that the contractual maturities are essential for an
       understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.
154   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                              Weighted           On
                                                                average     demand/                                                      Total
                                                               effective    less than      1 month     3 months                   undiscounted     Carrying
                                                            interest rate   1 month     to 3 months    to 1 year    Over 1 year      cash flow     amount
                                                                      %     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

                     As at 31 December 2019
                     Non-derivative financial assets
                     Other financial assets at FVTPL                           2,200             —         2,210            —            4,410        4,497
                     Factoring assets at FVTOCI                    13.00    560,111       1,097,932    2,421,830            —        4,079,873    3,837,348
                     Loan receivable                               14.50       1,948          1,948      13,437             —           17,333        9,066
                     Refundable rental deposits                                   —              —            —          2,788           2,788        2,788
                     Receivables from guarantee
                       customers                                                 422          1,551        5,828            —            7,801        7,700
                     Trade receivables                                           403             —            —             —             403          403
                     Other receivables                                         2,091          1,567      10,531             —           14,189      14,189
                     Pledged structured deposit                     1.66          —           9,038           —             —            9,038        9,000
                     Pledged bank deposits                          1.32      10,570         19,064      56,855             —           86,489      86,350
                     Bank balances and cash                         0.56    377,327              —            —             —         377,327      377,327

                                                                            955,072       1,131,100    2,510,691         2,788       4,599,651    4,348,668

                     Non-derivative financial liabilities
                     Borrowings                                     6.02    273,967        101,151     1,547,573            —        1,922,691    1,867,299
                     Bank overdraft                                 5.19      17,916             —            —             —           17,916      17,864
                     Other payables                                            5,282             —            —             —            5,282        5,282
                     Lease liabilities                              6.76         792           979         6,242        16,592          24,605      22,061

                                                                            297,957        102,130     1,553,815        16,592       1,970,494    1,912,506

                     Maximum amount
                       guaranteed (note)                                       1,953         24,146     773,875             —         799,974       12,050

                     Derivative - gross settlement
                     Foreign currency forward contracts
                     – inflow                                       3.13          —              —       10,931             —           10,931      10,953
                     – outflow                                      3.13          —              —       (11,130)           —          (11,130)     (10,902)
                     Cross currency swaps
                     – inflow                                       3.15         726          1,624     241,689             —         244,039      239,314
                     – outflow                                      3.15        (798)        (1,921)    (243,010)           —         (245,729)    (240,973)

                                                                                 (72)          (297)      (1,520)           —           (1,889)      (1,608)
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2019           155


                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
       Liquidity risk (continued)

                                                 Weighted               On
                                                   average        demand/                                                                 Total
                                                  effective       less than       1 month         3 months                     undiscounted        Carrying
                                               interest rate      1 month      to 3 months         to 1 year    Over 1 year       cash flow         amount
                                                         %        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

        As at 31 December 2018
        Non-derivative financial assets
        Factoring assets at FVTOCI                   12.75        677,151          702,057       1,668,567          22,316        3,070,091       2,818,315
        Loan receivable                              12.00             134             255          14,327               —           14,716         12,986
        Other receivables                                               94               —               —            2,404           2,498          2,498
        Pledged bank deposit                           2.15             —                —            8,858              —            8,858          8,764
        Bank balances and cash                         0.50       226,069                —               —               —         226,069         226,069

                                                                  903,448          702,312       1,691,752          24,720        3,322,232       3,068,632

        Non-derivative financial liabilities
        Borrowings                                     6.76       152,488           34,143         751,737               —         938,368         911,956
        Loans from a related party                     6.00         10,040               —               —               —           10,040         10,005
        Other payables                                               1,462           3,000               —               —            4,462          4,462

                                                                  163,990           37,143         751,737               —         952,870         926,423

        Maximum amount
          guaranteed (note)                                             —                —          50,784               —           50,784             —


       Note:   The maximum amount guaranteed represents the total amount of liability should all customers default. Since a significant portion of guarantee
               is expected to expire without being called upon, the maximum liabilities do not represent expected future cash outflows.
156   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (continued)
                   Liquidity risk (continued)

                   The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for financial assets and financial liabilities is
                   subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the
                   end of the reporting period.


            (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments
                   (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a
                          recurring basis

                          Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of reporting period. The following
                          table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets and financial liabilities are
                          determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value
                          hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which
                          the inputs to the fair value measurements is observable.

                          Set out below is the information about how the fair values of the Group’s financial instruments that are
                          measured at fair value are determined, including the valuation techniques and inputs used:

                          Fair value hierarchy as at 31/12/2019

                                                                                       Level 2             Level 3              Total
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000

                          Financial assets:
                          Other financial assets at FVTPL                                    —               4,497              4,497
                          Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                         —          3,837,348          3,837,348
                          Derivative financial instruments                                 751                  —                 751

                                                                                           751          3,841,845          3,842,596

                          Financial liabilities:
                          Derivative financial instruments                               2,359                  —               2,359
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019            157


                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (c)   Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
         (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a
               recurring basis (continued)

               Fair value hierarchy as at 31/12/2018

                                                                                                                                        Level 3
                                                                                                                                      RMB’000

               Financial assets:
               Factoring assets at FVTOCI                                                                                           2,818,315


                                                             Fair value                   Fair value     Valuation technique(s)
                Financial assets/liabilities                2019                2018      hierarchy      and key input(s)
                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

                Cross currency swaps contracts           Assets -            Assets -     Level 2        Discounted cash flow.
                                                             700                  —                      Future cash flows are estimated
                                                     Liabilities -        Liabilities -                  based on forward exchange
                                                           2,359                    —                    rates (from observable forward
                                                                                                         exchange rates at the end of the
                                                                                                         reporting period) and contracted
                                                                                                         forward rates, as well as
                                                                                                         forward interest rates (from
                                                                                                         observable yield curves at the
                                                                                                         end of the reporting period) and
                                                                                                         contract interest rates,
                                                                                                         discounted at a rate that reflects
                                                                                                         the credit risk of various
                                                                                                         counterparties.

                Foreign currency forward contracts       Assets -            Assets -     Level 2        Discounted cash flow.
                                                               51                 —                      Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                         based on forward exchange
                                                                                                         rates (from observable forward
                                                                                                         exchange rates at the end of the
                                                                                                         reporting period) and contracted
                                                                                                         forward rates, discounted at a
                                                                                                         rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                                         of various counterparties.
158   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
            (c)    Fair value measurements of financial instruments (continued)
                   (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value on a
                           recurring basis (continued)

                                                                   Fair value                                                             Significant
                                                                                             Fair value   Valuation technique(s)          unobservable
                            Financial assets                      2019              2018     hierarchy    and key input(s)                input(s)
                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

                            Factoring assets at FVTOCI          Assets -          Assets -   Level 3      Discounted cash flow.           The higher discount
                                                              3,837,348         2,818,315                 Risk-adjusted discount rate     rate, the lower fair
                                                                                                          and cash flow are key inputs    value

                            Other financial assets at FVTPL     Assets -          Assets -   Level 3      Discounted cash flow.           The higher discount
                                                                  4,497                —                  Risk-adjusted discount rate     rate, the lower fair
                                                                                                          and cash flow are key inputs    value




                   (ii)    Fair value of financial instruments that are recorded at amortised cost

                           The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group are determined in accordance with
                           generally accepted pricing models based on discounted cash flow analysis. The management consider that
                           the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated
                           financial statements approximate their fair values.


                   (iii)   Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets

                                                                                                                              Other
                                                                                                                 Financial assets         Factoring assets
                                                                                                                          at FVTPL                 at FVTOCI
                                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000

                            At 1 January 2018                                                                                       —              1,336,209
                            Purchases                                                                                               —             12,661,443
                            Settlements                                                                                             —             (11,162,527)
                            Fair value changes through OCI                                                                          —                 (16,810)

                            At 31 December 2018                                                                                     —              2,818,315

                            Purchases                                                                                          4,610              16,569,689
                            Settlements                                                                                           (201)        (15,543,358)
                            Fair value changes through OCI (note 12(b))                                                             —                   (7,298)
                            Fair value changes through profit or loss (note 8(b))                                                  88                        —

                            At 31 December 2019                                                                                4,497               3,837,348


                           All gains and losses included in OCI relate to factoring assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting
                           period and are reported as changes of FVTOCI reserves.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2019          159


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (continued)
   (d) Transfers of financial assets
       The following were the Group’s factoring assets that were transferred to banks or a financial trading centre platform
       by discounting those factoring assets on a full recourse basis or with repurchase obligation. As the Group has not
       transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to these factoring assets, it continues to recognise the full
       carrying amount of the factoring assets and has recognised the cash received on the transfer as borrowings (note
       28).

       These financial assets are carried at amortised cost, approximate their fair values, in the Group’s consolidated
       statement of financial position.


                                                                                               Factoring assets

                                                                                          31/12/2019           31/12/2018
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

        Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                 462,512                    —
        Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                             447,668                    —

        Net position                                                                           14,844                    —
160   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      37. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES
            As at 31 December 2019, the Company has direct and indirect shareholders/equity interests in the following subsidiaries:

                                                            Place and date                         Proportion of ownership interest/
                                                            of incorporation/     Particulars of    voting rights held by the Group
              Name of subsidiary                            establishment         issued capital          as at 31 December            Principal activity
                                                                                                            2019               2018

              Directly owned
              Sheng Ye International Capital Limited        BVI                 US$100,000,000              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (盛業國際資本有限公司)                                24 September 2013

              Ever Giant Global Limited                     BVI                      US$50,000              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (永巨環球有限公司)                                  20 January 2016

              Talent Group Global Limited                   BVI                           US$2              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (智連環球有限公司)                                  1 November 2016

              Indirectly owned
              Sheng Ye International Finance Limited        Hong Kong                     HK$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (盛業國際金融有限公司)                                9 October 2013

              Nice Day Corporation Limited                  Hong Kong                     HK$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (麗日有限公司)                                    1 December 2015

              Sheng Ye International Supply Chain Finance   Hong Kong                     HK$1              100%              100%     Investment holding
                Limited (盛業國際供應鏈金融有限公司)                     30 October 2018

              Sheng Ye Overseas Finance Limited             BVI                      US$50,000              100%              100%     Investment holding
                (盛業海外金融有限公司)                                9 August 2018

              Sheng Ye Capital (2018-01) Limited            Cayman Islands         HK$380,000               100%              100%     Investment holding
                (盛業資本(2018-01)有限公司)                         15 August 2018

              Alpha-10 SY (2019-01) Limited                 Hong Kong                     HK$1              100%                N/A    Investment holding
                                                            3 September 2019

              Shengyefintech Singapore PTE.LTD.             Singapore                       S$1             100%                N/A    Provision of supply
                                                            2 December 2019                                                              chain finance
                                                                                                                                         management service

              SY Factoring Limited*                         PRC                 US$200,000,000              100%              100%     Provision of factoring
                (盛業商業保理有限公司#)                               26 December 2013                                                             service

              Sheng Ye (Shenzhen) Factoring Limited         PRC                 RMB50,000,000                51%               51%     Provision of factoring
                (盛業(深圳)商業保理有限公司#)                           21 March 2016                                                                service

              Sheng Nuo Factoring Limited                   PRC                 RMB50,000,000                60%               60%     Provision of factoring
                (盛諾商業保理有限公司#)                               18 September 2016                                                            service

              Sheng Zhuo Factoring Limited                  PRC                 RMB50,000,000                51%               51%     Provision of factoring
                (盛卓商業保理有限公司#)                               30 March 2017                                                                service

              Sheng Peng Factoring Limited                  PRC                 RMB50,000,000                51%               51%     Provision of factoring
                (盛鵬商業保理有限公司#)                               19 January 2017                                                              service
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2019            161


                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




37. PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)
                                                        Place and date                             Proportion of ownership interest/
                                                        of incorporation/         Particulars of    voting rights held by the Group
       Name of subsidiary                               establishment             issued capital          as at 31 December            Principal activity
                                                                                                            2019               2018

       Khorgos Yong Zhuo Factoring Limited              PRC                     RMB50,000,000               100%              100%     Provision of factoring
         (霍爾果斯永卓商業保理有限公司#)                              7 March 2018                                                                     service

       Sheng Ye Information Technology Service          PRC                       HK$5,000,000              100%              100%     Provision of IT service
         (Shenzhen) Co., Limited*                       11 March 2016
         (盛業信息科技服務(深圳)有限公司#)

       Tianjin Shengye Investment Management            PRC                     RMB25,000,000               100%              100%     Investment
          Limited                                       2 November 2017
          (天津盛業投資管理有限公司#)

       ZGSY (note 38)                                   PRC                     RMB50,000,000               100%                N/A    Provision of factoring
                                                        28 March 2017                                                                    service

       Sheng Long Information Technology Service        PRC                     RMB10,000,000                60%                N/A    Provision of IT service
         (Ningbo) Co., Limited                          9 July 2019
         (盛隆信息科技服務(寧波)有限公司#)

       Yi Lian Shu Ke (Shenzhen) Co., Limited           PRC                     RMB50,000,000                60%                N/A    Provision of IT service
          (易聯數科(深圳)有限責任公司#)                             19 November 2019


   #
             English translated name is for identification purpose only.

   *         The entities are wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC.


   All subsidiaries now comprising the Group are limited liability companies and have adopted 31 December as their financial
   year end date.

   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the reporting period or at any time during both years.
162   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      38. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY
            In July 2019, the Group acquired 49% of the issued share capital of ZGSY, a joint venture at 31 December 2018, for
            consideration of RMB24,802,000. This acquisition has been accounted for using the purchase method. ZGSY, engaging
            in the provision of factoring services, was acquired for further development of factoring customers of the Group. For the
            acquisition of ZGSY, no goodwill was recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


              Consideration transferred:

                                                                                                                               RMB’000

              Cash                                                                                                               24,802


              Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition are as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                                               RMB’000

              Bank balances and cash                                                                                                 562
              Loans to shareholders                                                                                              56,583
              Dividend payable                                                                                                    (5,552)
              Other payables and accrued charges                                                                                    (269)
              Income tax payable                                                                                                    (707)

                                                                                                                                 50,617

              Goodwill arising on acquisition:
              Cash consideration transferred                                                                                     24,802
              Plus: interest in a joint venture (51% in ZGSY)                                                                    25,815
              Less: net assets acquired                                                                                          (50,617)

              Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                         —

              Net cash outflow on acquisition of ZGSY:
              Cash consideration paid                                                                                            24,802
              Less: cash and cash equivalents balances acquired                                                                     (562)

                                                                                                                                 24,240


            Included in the profit for the year is RMB915,000 attributable to the additional business generated by ZGSY. Revenue for
            the year includes RMB13,000 generated from ZGSY.

            Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, revenue for the year of the Group would have been
            RMB2,480,000, and profit for the year of the Group would have been RMB3,928,000. The pro forma information is for
            illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually
            would have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of
            future results.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2019          163


                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




39. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
   In January 2018, the Group disposed of its 80% investment in SYNFGL, a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group,
   to an independent third party at consideration of RMB24,000,000. There were no profit or loss and cash flows of SYNFGL
   recognised on the consolidated financial statements for the prior period.


    Consideration received:

                                                                                                                RMB’000

    Cash received                                                                                                  24,000


    The net assets of SYNFGL at the date of disposal were as follows:

                                                                                                                     2018
                                                                                                                 RMB’000

    Bank balances and cash                                                                                          4,344
    Security deposit for guarantee                                                                                 92,533
    Deferred tax asset                                                                                                298
    Deposits from counter guarantors                                                                              (49,656)
    Loans from related parties                                                                                    (17,000)
    Amount due to related parties                                                                                     (302)
    Other payables and accrued charges                                                                                (604)
    Income tax payable                                                                                                (127)

    Net assets disposed of                                                                                         29,486

    Gain on disposal of a subsidiary:
    Cash consideration received                                                                                    24,000
    Net assets disposed of                                                                                        (29,486)
    Retained interest in an associate                                                                               6,000

    Gain on disposal                                                                                                  514

    Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
    Cash consideration                                                                                             24,000
    Less: bank balances and cash disposed of                                                                        (4,344)

                                                                                                                   19,656
164   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      40. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
            The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities. Liabilities arising from financing
            activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement
            of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                                                                 Financial
                                                                                                                  liability
                                                                       Interest                 Loans from    arising from
                                                                       on bank        Lease       a related    repurchase     Dividend
                                                         Borrowings   overdraft   liabilities        party    agreements      payable         Total
                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000

              At 1 January 2018                             482,320         —             —             —          10,248           —      492,568
              Financing cash flows                          338,654         —             —          9,868        (10,285)          —      338,237
              Interest expenses                              90,982         —             —            137              37          —       91,156

              At 31 December 2018                           911,956         —             —         10,005              —           —      921,961
              Adjustment upon application
                of HKFRS 16                                      —          —         7,089             —               —           —        7,089

              As at 1 January 2019 (restated)               911,956         —         7,089         10,005              —           —      929,050
              Financing cash flows                          858,041       (361)      (8,107)         7,335              —      (33,626)    823,282
              Arising from acquisition of a subsidiary           —          —            —         (28,881)             —        2,721      (26,160)
              Dividends declared                                 —          —             —             —               —       30,905      30,905
              New leases entered/lease modified                  —          —       21,677              —               —           —       21,677
              Interest expenses                              97,302        361        1,402         11,541              —           —      110,606

              At 31 December 2019                         1,867,299         —       22,061              —               —           —     1,889,360
                                                                Annual Report 2019          165


                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                      31/12/2019          31/12/2018
                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000

   NON-CURRENT ASSETS
   Interests in subsidiaries                            810,226              800,822
   Amounts due from a subsidiary                        863,712              833,456

                                                       1,673,938           1,634,278

   CURRENT ASSETS
   Loans to subsidiaries                                613,373                     —
   Other receivables, prepayments and others               2,388                  320
   Amounts due from subsidiaries                         24,621                 1,643
   Bank balances and cash                                  1,766                  195

                                                        642,148                 2,158

   CURRENT LIABILITIES
   Borrowings                                           676,039                     —
   Accrued charges                                       14,549                 3,825

                                                        690,588                 3,825

   NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                               (48,440)               (1,667)

   NET ASSETS                                          1,625,498           1,632,611

   CAPITAL AND RESERVES
   Share capital                                           7,636                7,623
   Reserves                                            1,617,862           1,624,988

   TOTAL EQUITY                                        1,625,498           1,632,611
166   Sheng Ye Capital Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (continued)
            Movement in reserves

                                                                                                     Retained
                                                                               Share-based             profits/
                                                                       Share     payments       (Accumulated
                                                                 premium            reserve              losses)            Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

              At 1 January 2018                                   917,312             2,361            (11,794)           907,879
              Profit for the year                                         —              —              11,628             11,628
              Issue of placing shares                             696,772                —                   —            696,772
              Recognition of equity-settled
                 share-based payments                                     —           7,388                  —              7,388
              Exercise of share options                                1,703           (382)                 —              1,321

              At 31 December 2018                               1,615,787             9,367               (166)         1,624,988
              Profit for the year                                         —              —               8,217              8,217
              Recognition of equity-settled
                 share-based payments                                     —          10,006                  —             10,006
              Dividends recognised as distribution                 (30,905)              —                   —            (30,905)
              Exercise of share options                                7,223         (1,667)                 —              5,556

              At 31 December 2019                               1,592,105            17,706              8,051          1,617,862



      42. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
            The ECL at 31 December 2019 was estimated based on a range of forecast economic conditions as at that date and
            information available at that date without undue cost or effort. Since early January 2020, the coronavirus outbreak has
            spread across mainland China and beyond, causing disruption to business and economic activity. The impact on certain
            key indicators will be considered when determining the severity and likelihood of downside economic scenarios that will
            be used to estimate ECL under HKFRS 9 in 2020.

            As the situation remains fluid as at the date these financial statements are authorised for issue, the directors of the
            Company considered that the financial effects of the COVID-19 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements cannot
            be reasonably estimated. Nevertheless, the COVID-19 outbreak is expected to affect the consolidated results of the Group
            for the first half and full year of 2020.

            Except as disclosed above and in notes 14 and 23 of the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no other
            significant subsequent event after the reporting period.
